I believe in the right to bear arms, but is this really a contradiction?

Some people believe that the risks associated with allowing Syrian refugees into the US are outweighed by their need to escape their home country.

Many of the same people believe that the benefits of allowing citizens to own guns are outweighed by the risks.


These are value judgements based on personal beliefs. It only seems hypocritical in this context because of the [fallacy of false equivalence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_equivalence). In fact, these two issues are very different and difficult to compare in any meaningful way.
the anti-gun argument has so many holes it's not even fun to pick it apart. it's like taking candy from a baby.
The preponderance of young men among the refugees is very noticeable, but the official line now is they are widows and orphans.  As soon as Obama made that comment I began to see headlines calling the refugees the widows and orphans.  Nobody ever mentions that during the treks to Europe, while in transit, thousands of Christian refugees were slaughtered by Muslim refugees.  Just how obtuse have the securlarists and Christians of the west become?
Similarly, I've see [this](https://imgur.com/euRh0Kb) being thrown around by feminists for a while and now I'm seeing the same kind of people losing their minds over [this](http://imgur.com/gallery/BA9a0SG). Can't win.
So sick of meme pics in general, and especially this ugly trustafarian.
I had to unfollow a friend on Facebook because he wouldn't shut up about how cruel we are to not accept refugees
Captured the hypocrisy perfectly. 

But wouldn't the two non-hypocritical positions be: 1) deny people guns *and* refuse refugees, and 2) accept refugees *and* let people have guns?

Obviously there are more, better reasons to not accept Syrian refugees than the possibility of a terrorist among them, but, if that's your only reason, wouldn't it be hypocritical to refuse refugees because one might be crazy/dangerous while still letting Americans have guns even though one might be crazy/dangerous?
We are encouraged not to blame the actions of a few lunatics. Then why are people encouraged to blame all gun owners on the actions of a few lunatics?
I say why not allow both?  Safety in guns and compassion with letting refugees in
"...the state should not accept any Syrian refugees because its lax gun-purchasing regulations would make it easy for any terrorists hiding among them to acquire a weapon and carry out an attack." - Tony Dale (R-Cedar Pakr) 
And is the reverse position of most conservatives not hypocritical?  Fear of terrorism justifies all kind of actions that may or may not make us safer as well as many that may or may not infringe on our rights.  It is a value judgment, some see more value in having unfettered access to guns and apparently are willing to accept the mass shootings as an acceptable cost, or deny that it exists.   Some groups put more value in human life, and either deny the risk of accepting the refugees or feel the risk is acceptable given the moral good of helping people whose lives are uprooted and threatened as a direct consequence of our governments actions. 
Same goes for conservatives. 
Great point. I'm a moderate, but I'm for both. None of the arguments for gun control hold water. 
This works in the converse as well.


Conversely:

We shouldn't allow refugees on the off chance one of them is a terrorist therefore we shouldn't let people have guns on the off chance one will be used in a mass shooting.
I really hope the conservatives know these memes are so far from any liberal reality.
Isn't this the EXACT same argument we're hearing from various Republican leaders, simply reversed? 
After a gun massacre it is NOT the time be reactionary and try to push your liberal gun control agenda!
After a terror attack we should react swiftly! About 45 people die of terrorist attacks a day! We should not waste time!
Oh no, wait. That is gun homicides and accidents that kill about 45 a day. My mistake.
This is actually a poor example because most people just want screening before gun purchase, much like the screening of refugees.
"Liberals at it again" FIFY
Is it really fair to compare having the right to have a gun with having the right to food, clean water and a place to stay?
If it could save the life of one child we shouldn't let refugees in. 
Guns were made for killing, refugees have other options.
This should be higher up! Well put argument!
Uh, doesn't this go both ways? Aren't conservatives generally opposed to allowing refugees in, therefore the "some might be dangerous" crowd? Meanwhile, conservatives generally oppose anti-gun regulations although some might be dangerous...

Americans need to remember that our country exists because of people who were escaping religious persecution in their native country. We're here because of refugees. Why shouldn't we allow refugees in? We'd see a minimal amount of them (don't forget that there's an ocean and a continent between us and the Middle East... That's kinda hard to walk over). We've had refugees incoming for the past decade and none of them have committed acts of terrorism. This knee-jerk reaction is ludicrous. The point of the United States of America, and the constitution that conservatives try to conserve, is to welcome in those in need, not to turn them away. 
This is an incredibly stupid meme.  The right to bear arms is a natural right, whereas there is no natural right for asylum.  The two cannot be compared.
To be a refugee you pass through soo many checks to make sure you are not a terrorist. To be a gun owner...just show up at the gun vending machine...also called gun show.
Yeah, actually like this one
as someone who considers himself liberal i would like to distance myself as much as i can from these kind of people
just like people say there are radicals on each side of the spectrum. id say she is radically liberal and is honestly just as bad as radicals of any other group of people.
radical to the point where she cant accept any view other than her own

[deleted]
But they're "intolerant of intolerance", guys! It's different!

/s

^^edit: ^^misspelling
Let's not forget these kids have been brainwashed since they were in pampers. They've been taught this BS. They can unlearn it.
It's okay because he's just a straight cis shitlord with over 9000 unchecked privileges and thus can't be oppressed.
To be quite fair, 99% of liberals hate these people as well.
What was in the Halloween email that started all of this?
Coming from someone who lives on that campus right now, it's just..... disappointing. The poor man was only trying to start a conversation that didn't want to be had, but needed to be. He wanted to start it out with discussion and bring up valid points, while also keeping it civil, and not a screaming match. It's pretty shitty it turned into nothing but that.....
This chick was completely out of line. She couldn't even. I think she probably has some deep seated emotional problems.

To disrespect a professor to that extent should be grounds for expulsion. That's not how the student/teacher dynamic works.
Does Title IX cover this professor and her wife from this little turd's harassment?  
Much like the extremest made the republican party leave many of its constituents, the liberals are on the same path with democrats. As a left leaning person, this behavior pushes me to the other side, I do not want to be affiliated in any way with that idiot. I guess this is my "extend an olive branch" to conservatives, because fuck this SJW shit and everything that it represents.
And she still hasn't graduated?
Don't get bit by one of these people.  Rabies is incurable once symptoms start to show.
/r/titlegore
You use the word liberal. That woman is to liberal as Donald Trump is to Conservative.
Doesn't happen. The professors are the ones teaching her the bullshit. 
[Relevant](https://youtu.be/vMA0lCMtn_k?t=1m20s)
Again, I don't understand his appeal. Can't everyone see that he's essentially just a conservative Jimmy Carter? 
On one hand I'm proud of him for beating back the hit job, on the other hand I wish he and Trump *would* get taken out so we can get someone in there that actually *could* beat Hillary. 
It is rare to see something on /r/conservative get 700 upvotes.  This really resonates with most of us.
It would be nice if the MSM would vet Democratic Party candidates for president with the same veracity that they do Republican candidates for president.
If only Obama made it as easy by making up a nonexistent class.
I would upvote this 2.4 times if I could.
What a startling lack of self awareness on display here.
Greatness breeds hatred and jealousy. Carson is beating Hillary and Sanders in Michigan, Minnesota, and North Carolina. The Democrats are terrified.
Carson is not necessarily my first guy for president, but I love how the media's heads are exploding over the fact that he's obviously intelligent, obviously accomplished, but he keeps saying things they disagree with.
And evidently needs to after his thoughts on the pyramids.
What about Herman Cain? ;)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Actually, Carson is the FIRST black presidential candidate because Odipshit is 1/2 white, and was raised by whites.
He's also racist towards Muslims.
https://i.imgur.com/TIfx0Qe
They'll say that police are racist and need to be reformed and retrained so people don't need guns.
Never gets old.
This implies they don't just flip-flop between the two without ever once missing a beat. 
best pro-gun argument there is.

"You want to disarm black Americans so that the racist cops are the only ones with guns?"
As a Liberal this is Hilarious 
Holy shit! I didn't know my people had their own subreddit! 
How about those that are evil and racist should be punished, or at least not be police? That seems like a decent balance of the two. 
Liberals arent anti-gun we're pro more gun restrictions. 
Nah, you need a gun because of the police!
http://i.imgur.com/3jMU97l.png
I was thinking about this the other day.

Isis: "We are going to kill you and burn your country to the ground."

Libs: "They don't really mean that."

TEA Partier: "Man, I'm sick of the government spending more than it brings in."

Libs: "HE HATES BLACK PEOPLE!"
They "reason" through narrative, not logic. Which is why these things make sense to them. (SJW's and the like)
Damn, that's spot on
I guess, if you only listen to strawpeople
This hit the nail on the head. Reality is only subject to what you want reality to be as a liberal/"progressive". 
I honestly have no problem if a man decides he wants to be a woman and get his penis removed and breasts added. Honestly, I don't. It's just when they literally make things up and try to pass it off as legitimate science and liberals get behind them because they want to be tolerant even when they don't know that they're talking about is annoying as fuck. 
The transgender person self identifies as one gender and should be treated that way . The group of Muslims self identifies as a radical terrorist cell and should be treated that way. "Islamic"  is not the most important description one can give to ISIS. 
I live in Atlanta and this guy is a terrible radio host. He's a poor man's Rush, But I do agree with this statement. Still an awful radio personality, I now listen to sports radio on the drive home from work. 
Well that's a faulty comparison if I've ever seen one. 
Posts from the 'i.imgur.com' domain require moderation. Please be patient as we review. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Whenever there is a Clinton scandal, the media stands around waiting for a Republican to say something about it.  Then they cover what the Republican says and defend Clinton from the partisan attacks.  That way they can claim they have given just as much attention to Clinton scandals as they do to Republican "scandals".

People often talk about the media's liberal bias, which I see as varied by source. However, I think more attention should be paid to ESTABLISHMENT BIAS. The media is more biased in favor of establishment favorites than any other factor IMO.
Does anyone actually want Carson as their next president though?  He's a damn neurosurgeon that doesn't believe in the fundamental theory of biology.  
It's obvious Clinton has been in the media's pockets the whole time. Sealing the deal was the blatant win of Bernie at the DND and the news outlets still put Clinton way ahead. And almost all of hers scandals were barely covered up, just a step below being caught red handed.
Didnt carson admit to trying to stab someone, and also trying to hit his mom in the head with a hammer?

Moms wont vote for that....
Playing Devil's Advocate here, but there is no politician with a dumpster that clean. Doesn't matter what they are politically. 

Aside from that, I do in fact feel sickened by the obvious and blatant double standards of the media. How long before Democrats are crying out for Carson's birth certificate? 
http://imgur.com/gallery/ndy0eeR
You really think Benghazi is a scandal?  You gave her 11 hours of free coverage, couldn't get anything to stick, and you STILL think it's a scandal?
Can someone explain the small bag with 'brain injury' on it? Is it that she got a concussion 17 months ago? That's all that comes up on Google. Is there some sort of claim that she made poor decisions specifically during that time because of a concussion?
Everyone glossed over the fact that they were students at Yale...

You fucking go to Yale.

You're wearing clothes made in a third world country.

What is your fucking problem?
So you think you trumped my race card?

Well now I'm gonna throw down MUH INTERSECTIONALITY!!

The best news is they didn't even have to get top test scores to be first in line for admission.
The "privilege" they talk about is psychological projection, but they still aren't doing well or happy, so they have to blame others, or they would have cognitive dissonance.
BURN.

White privilege?  More like black privilege.  What's sad is that these kids probably come from wonderful black families who earn plenty of money, and don't even need the hand-up anymore.  They can manage quite well on their own, whereas there are poor whites who have never had an advantage who are in MORE need.  But because we judge by the color of someone's skin, and not by their social-economic status, we see schools essentially doing the wrong thing.

No wonder these kids are mixed up.  Guilt of having every advantage handed to them not once but twice. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWXZ-whusxY
[Its happening at Cornell too.](http://www.barstoolsports.com/boston/black-students-at-cornell-protest-white-students-at-cornell-hijacking-their-black-protest-movements/)

I just don't understand these things.  Guess that means I'm part of the problem.
"This could be a Trojan horse" --Trump, a month ago. 
ISIS is by definition an insurgent group of guerillas and terrorists who will wait if necessary and strike when and where they can. 

To say they are contained is just lazy, especially after what kind of fight we've been giving them.
"No...you misunderstood what I meant when I said that."  -Obama, probably

Noo waittt, he wasn't readyyy.
Well, they WOULD have been contained were it not for Republicans...

Obama-"never my fault"
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL OH, MAN! You guys have GOT to see the liberals in r/politics trying to spin their way around this one. "Well, he said it was contained, he didn't say it wouldn't spread" 
Shows you how delusional the current administration is.
I've been watching Fargo the last few weeks and it is set in 1979. One of the underlying themes of the season is the despair and lack of faith the people had in the country at the time, especially during the end of Carter's term. 

I'm 26 and didn't live through that. I've read about it, heard stories about it, and understand the economic implications of what was going on, but I will never fully appreciate how it *felt*. 

What was it like back then? How does it feel compared to today? It just seems like things have continually gotten worse during my lifetime. Maybe it's a product of growing up but I think there is more to it than that. I disagree with nearly everything this president does and the evidence mounts that he is incapable of running this country. I liken it to a football coach that posts losing seasons year after year. As they said in Fargo, what do you call someone that loses all the time? 


Just goes to show how incompetent Obama is. He has no clue. 
Well, to give him the benefit of the doubt, perhaps Odipshit meant that ISIS was contained on the European Continent.
"No! I said it like a question! Like "Isis is contained?" Totally different."
November 13:  10,000 SYRIANS (mostly males) come to New Orleans. 

November 16th: The State Department to officially rule that CHRISTIANS from Syria be BLOCKED from receiving amnesty. 

November 13-the End Of Western Civilization: Fuckcunt liberals lecturing the rest of us how we are "racist" and "intolerant" and "bigoted" and "xenophobic" and "islamophobic" for questioning the supposed *need* for 100000 mooselimb male syrian pieces of shit to be shipped thousands of miles to the Untied States of Insanity. 

FUCK YOU. Even as they slit your throat, you will be too blind to see what you and your kind enabled. 
That was pretty embarrassing, for him and for us.  

[But to be fair...](http://i.imgur.com/ndlAr6x.jpg)
Obama is a stuttering clusterfuck of a miserable failure.
What is the best method in keeping ISIS secure? 
So why didn't NSA/GCHQ do anything to prevent this? Seems like a lot to have happen not to be noticed, unless they're gathering too much information to be useful or something like that?
To be fair, how is it Obamas job to keep isis from attacking? Im curious.
Don't. Don't politicize this.
He may have meant, "Contained in France."
You almost gotta feel sorry for the guy

Edit: There's a reason I put *almost*
Yeah, that's some McCain level fuckup there.
I read Ben Garrison was suspended from Facebook over this illustration. 

Pathetic. 
An actual Ben Garrison comic that's real. If you don't know the meme, 4chan's /pol/ usually will take a Ben Garrison comic and add in their own ideology, such as replacing liberal's faces with stereotypical Jews. They then mass circulate the fake comic, and many think it's real and hate on Ben. Its actually ruined his career and hes begged them to stop.
Love the nasty hair dye on the feminist
I'm glad someone's finally mocking the stupid ''safe space'' mentality.
This perfectly describes the whining little bitches from Missouri. These same bastards are even pissed because the people massacred in Paris had the audacity to upstage their so-called
time in the spot light. Words are not enough.....
Ben Garrison is fantastic.
I'm mostly just really liking this new term, 'crybullies'. 
Most liberals - myself included - think these people are a bunch of pathetic whiners, too. No need to throw us all under the bus.
Gotta love ol' Zyklon Ben. 
Liberals: Cause of all aneurysms to sane people. 
Best political cartoon ever?
[deleted]
You really didn't have to add 2015 to the title. Just "Liberals" would of sufficed, they've always been this way.
Any chance someone could post a PC(personal computer not the mindset that will doom us all) wallpaper size(~1600x900 or slightly larger) version of this image? TIA! As the largest I can find w/google image search is [1200x891](http://i.imgur.com/57wwtAp.jpg).

.

^^- ^^Edited ^^to ^^include ^^img ^^link, ^^FWIW.
It looks like Attack on Titan
The nazi racist sexist bogeyman is right around the corner, he is going to get you!

Don't you fear for your safety? Give us power so we can make the bogeyman go away.
Sounds like the problem has been identified and should be removed.
The damage has been done on Twitter where he spread this sadly.  Thousands of tweets about KKK overrunning campus with pickup trucks, brick throwing, even lynching and KKK marches. All of it not happening.  Then there's calls for violence and killing. It's #masshysteria

EDIT: Just to show part of the mass hysteria right now:

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTlXritUkAUJ7Z8.jpg
1. Lie

2. Outrage

3. Truth

4. No apology

5. Rinse and repeat
\#BLACKLIESMATTER
When those in the cowardly "silent majority"  going to standup to these people? THAT'S RIGHT, I SAID *THESE PEOPLE!* 

The Dean was a putz for resigning. The coach was mercenary at best; looking out for his job, and not for what is right. The majority of students are ignoramus cowards. The media, once again has FAILED. The alumni is currently silent. Maybe they will be the heroes in this. 
I'm going to have to say it yet again aren't I? 

Sigh. 

The KKK doesn't exist any more. There are loosely-affiliated groups of assholes that call themselves 'KKK', but it has very little to do with the old KKK, which was exclusively a Democrat organization until they fizzled out in the 1950's to 1970's. The original KKK no longer exists. All those white, racist, anti-Semite Democrats have died. Harry Truman, Robert Byrd ... I'm looking at you. 

What exists now is a very loose conglomeration of various groups claiming to be the the KKK. Together, these groups add up to a couple thousand people out of a population of 320 million people. 

There hasn't been a recorded incident of KKK-related violence since the early 1980's. This is Reddit. Most people reading this weren't born yet. 

If people are worried about the KKK, it's because they know nothing about the now defunct organization. 


Having read all the links in these comments, I weep for the world my children are growing up in.  Where are the fearless leaders who will stand up to this insanity?  Do I have to raise them?
&gt; The KKK has been confirmed to be sighted on campus

Reminds me of when redditors start with the "It's Stormfront!!!" as soon as anyone says anything contrary
This is reddit in reality.
Progressive McCarthyism at its best . . . . 

Because their cause is just, the ends justify the means . . . . 

Forward!
Wow things are going so well that they have to create bullshit like this to be upset about. Huh.
I guess he'll have plenty of time to think about it in jail.
I bet it's not the only false rumor he started.
The more desperate Liberals get, the crazier the argument becomes. Whether it be race, climate, equality or social justice.

They are so depraved that they don't even realize that no one is listening to them. Liberals are the 'boy who cried wolf' 
So any lynchings overnight? Any KKK marches? White on black crime? Monster Trucks with Confederate flags loaded with mullet-heads menacing African-Americans? Any more poo writing on the wall? Anything? Anything? If I were working or studying at MU I would resign to seek opportunities elsewhere. 
I will not eat until this young man resigns from the presidency, drops out of school, and publicly admits his minority privilege! 
Sounds like they should be ok with calling the attacks terrorism since they wanted to calling white terrorism. Think anyone will change their tune and cry racism if it is deemed a terrorist attack?
"It's these goddam white, NRA, gun-slinging...wait, Sayed Farook? Uhhh...workplace violence! Yeah, that's why we need $15 an hour. Or climate change"
I hopped on over to /r/politics for a moment to see how they are reacting. A majority of the posts in the front page are about Planned Parenthood still. 
[deleted]
I haven't rolled my eyes this much since I was possessed. 

If he was white we wouldn't have heard the end of it, but since he is now a Muslim suddenly the narrative changes. So instead of the front page saying ' See ! Damn white supremacist !!',  the front page of New York Daily is instead attacking Republicans for saying a prayer. https://twitter.com/nydailynews/status/672234341800521728


Can I hang out with you guys here on /r/conservative? The rest of liberal minded reddit doesn't like when I point out their ideas are stupid.
It is like liberals are praying that the killers are white. What the fuck is wrong with these people?
Lel. The left was so insistent on calling it white terrorism. Now the names come out and it's suddenly workplace violence. Liberalism is a disease. 
[Imgur mirror](http://imgur.com/CidlMCC), especially since 4chan images don't last long before getting archived.
As a more liberal person, I do have to say that these people are pretty fucking shameful. Nobody should be making guesses about it at all. That's how misinformation gets spread and continues to get people all riled up.
I'm liberal myself, but some people can just be stupid. I found myself rolling my eyes looking at those tweets. I agree with you guys.
How embarrassing.
This is pretty sad. Not even in a sarcastic, mocking way. Its genuinely devastating to see people brainwashed like this.  
Yep, as soon as everyone found out they were Muslim, the left went quiet. Won't hear much about it anymore except from the leftist politicians pushing gun control.
I saw one in pol that said one of the neighbors wanted to report them for suspicious behavior but didn't want people thinking he was Islamaphobic. Political Correctness claimed 14 lives last night. 
&gt;We can eliminate mass shootings today.

&gt;Make it illegal for white men aged 15-65 to own guns.

Why do I get the feeling that this person would object to banning black men from owning guns as a solution to gang violence?
I think that every liberal any of us have ever debated have insinuated they're more tolerant, loving, peaceful, understanding, whatever. We can see that myth slowly eroding, and we have to take advantage of it. 
In fairness, I fully expected the suspects to turn out to be Arabs. I won't speak for anyone else, but the way it was done just came off like that sort of coordinated terrorist style attack versus some white nutjob kinda thing. What surprised me was that one of the suspects was the wife and she would have rather died in the end than be a mother to her six month old baby, which just demonstrates the mentality of these types. 
What's with liberals and hating white people? It's all i've seen lately. And why is that not considered racism? To take a page from their book, i'm offended by this. Where is my safe space?  
    
/s
My favorite is that Diane Senffner's second tweet.. "Just read the suspects name is farooq saeed... hope thats not true...." 


That is a troubling sign when people hope for a shooter to be a certain race in order to further their personal agenda. 

2015? More like 1415.
Watching this unfold on Twitter, made me realize there is two Americas that will never agree to disagree, we believe and live in different realities. Having a divisive, overly political administration, seems to have only exacerbated this divide in America. 
It's so sad we have to hope it was a kebab rather than a white guy because if it was the latter they'd already have started a new round of demonization.

On the bright side, Trump's poll numbers will go up, the media will forget about this story in a few hours and Obama will continue to say "enough is enough" just long enough for another guy buying panic
There is a small part of me that thinks this country needs a little civil war to thin out the herd.
They so wanted them to be white guys...    Even Obama wanted it.  
Even at the most left-leaning part of my life I was never a self-hating whitey like these idiots.  
This is racist.  As a white person I feel victimized and hated.  As a white male I am now the minority to all the minorities.
Help my fist please. It's trembling uncontrollably and wants to punch something after seeing this. I might also need a psyhchaitrist. 
Whatever happened to good old christian values! these people are worse than feminists! thank you /r/conservative for being a safe haven of rationality. 
This is so frustrating. Can they really not see how ridiculous this is?
The most tolerant group in America!
Let's stop calling them "liberals" and start calling them neo-progressives. They do not espouse the values of liberty 
The top two post in this sub right now were both put together on /pol/. /pol/ was right again. What a time to be alive.
fuck.
I should repost this to SAS.
My head hurts reading all of these.

Dumb liberals.
lol
If I could actually see the posts I would comment. 
How about just give us "crazy christian whites" a few states and leave us the hell alone. We would like the constitution,  yall can keep preaching socialism and other failed governmental philosophies. Just think about it,  we would never bother you! 
This subreddit is just like the actual republican party. Instead of discussing issues, attack the other party. 
A woman posted on my Facebook the other day that disagreeing with our president and calling him names is treason. Minutes later, she called conservatives names and labeled the Republican candidates for President as idiots. Pot meet kettle.
Completely agree! ...but don't these things cut both ways? Couldn't the argument be reversed? 

I had the same reaction to the Pilgrims/Natives and Refugees/America comparison. 
I really think it is more about pointing out the hypocrisy of condemning one group for the actions of extremists but not the other. 
Everyone does this. We're all contradict ourselves and desperately try to piece together a narrative that makes it seem like we're rational. But we're not. I'm a liberal and I know I look at mass shootings and say, "we need to have stricter gun laws", but if a refugee was responsible for a terrorist attack on American soil, I would say "we need to stand up for American principles of freedom". 

When you see this kind of political cartoon, reverse it in your head. It always works both ways.
I don't see much difference between crazy fundamentalist Muslims and crazy fundamentalist Christians. Both groups are so caught up in their own weird beliefs that the lives of innocent people mean nothing to them.
It can go both ways. 
lol that's the guy who thought america was going to explode because more people were allowed to get married

https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueChristian/comments/38vve4/christians_only_why_you_need_to_stockpile_food/
When and where did the left say that?
[deleted]
The crusades. Jihad. 
What purpose would they achieve by faking Islam? And why does Piers not demonize every Muslim for terrorists but demonizes all gun owners for random shooters? And why does Piers Morgan still live in the US when he said he was going to leave? 
Does *anyone* like or respect Piers Morgan?  I thought we, both left and right, had agreed that he was a total muppet and not worth listening to.
Ah, the True Scotsman fallacy. 

"These people killing infidels in the name of Allah because Allah commands it in the book he gave to Muhammad, but I want to believe that Islam is a religion of peace and fuzzy kittens, so I'm going to ignore the Quran, ignore what these people are saying and ignore all facts that contradict my narrative because people on the Right don't like them. . .and we all know **they** are the real enemy."
Who cares what this Tool bag has to say?
Piers Morgan is England's answer to Michael Moore... Only with a fancy accent and a smaller appetite. 
Guy has excellent tweets
I love how liberals lecture us on ethnocentrism and then say they know better about Islam than the actual Muslims 
[I agree with Adam Carolla](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chDDJ2EolC0&amp;t=4m2s)
I think we've established Piers Morgan is a stupid fuck once again. Luckily I don't think many people really take him seriously anymore.
Why are we still paying attention to this idiot? I really don't understand. 
Iowahawk is the reason I am on twitter.
Piers Morgan is a bitch.
Piers Morgan is the Grand Mufti of foppish European aristocrats.
According to Allah himself (speaking through Muhammad, of course) Muhammad is the most "beautiful pattern of conduct" and "example" for mankind to follow! (Qur'an 33:21), as well as the "exalted standard of character" (Qur'an 68:4). [WWMD?](http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/Pages/WWMD.htm)
The funny thing about Piers is he bans people from his shows. No one watches his shows thus a ban means zip. 
Three videos on Islam that show that ISIS is right about Islam, and Piers Morgan is wrong: [The Qur’an Promotes Violence Against Non-Muslims](https://objectivismforintellectuals.wordpress.com/2012/09/12/the-quran-promotes-violence-against-non-muslims/)
Posts from the 'i.imgur.com' domain require moderation. Please be patient as we review. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"This bill will be paid for with a special tax on arms sales to any of these countries."

God damn I love this man.  If we are supplying arms to other countries, they will need to pay to ensure America's safety.
Great to see him taking a strong stance on this.  He is actually working to keep Americans safe instead of just talking about it (like some other politicians).
But does it have a chance in hades of passing?
Here's a full article about it...

http://dailycaller.com/2015/11/16/rand-paul-introducing-bill-to-stop-refugees-from-countries-with-significant-jihadist-movements/#ixzz3rgg7uyYX
Sane, intelligent, non-delusional. Now I see why he doesn't have a lot of support from liberals. 
Go Rand, go!
I prefer this to "closing" the borders. I really like Rand
I'm sure the left will call this racist and try to play on feels when this is just good common sense legislation. 
Fucking love this guy
I want a Rand/Cruz ticket so bad. Young Libertarian Conservative no nonsense dream team. Get a big chunk of millennial Libertarians and traditional older folks while they're at it. I'd also love to see them have a anti-social justice warrior call to arms too. 
Why this guy doesn't have more support is beyond me.
This is common sense legislation that is necessary...otherwise events in Paris will be all too frequent and ordinary. Of course not all refugees are bad (yawn...yes we've been preached to by every news org for years now) but there is a line between being humanitarian and flat out ignoring a problem. Ya know- maybe then these countries will stand up to these violent movements for once. Otherwise- gonna be business as usual
The GOP has been handed this election on a nice shiny hot plate. If they fuck this up i wouldn't be suprised to see the whole base voted out and replaced with non politicians.
One would hope that an exception would be made for Christians/Yazidis/other religious minorities who are fleeing genocide.
Rand Paul is the the man I want for the White House. Either him or Gary Johnson. GOP, nominate this man and you have got my support.
Who are the refugees escaping? 
Yes jihadists will come with the refugees.  But they have been coming for a long time.  And most of them go home, get caught, or drink the koolaid and become americans.  For every one that would blow themselves up that we stop from coming, 1000 more doctors, inventors, children, Christians, and artists will be stopped too.  

I love Rand, and I hope hes doing this to get elected but if we close the borders we become just like every other country out there.  IE Sucky
Just think. If Mizzou's football team was ranked #2 in college football playoff predictions....None of this would have happened.
This is fucking gold. I love it, the whole thing is just perfect.
When you're part of a group that supports racial segregation, like the black student union, then it's very easy for the enemy to become people that aren't allowed into your group.
"in my experience, only cisgender white Christian Republican middle class heterosexual men are ever guilty of doing anything wrong. Anyway, I don’t really believe in labels, except for the five or six labels I just used in the previous sentence."


I fucking lost it here
&gt; I know for sure that there should be at least 12 Native Americans, 24 black Americans, 37 homosexuals, 321 transgenders, and 600 bisexual Hispanic feminists holding high ranking positions in your company.

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
This is the current state of higher education[ here](http://i.imgur.com/xhIkyIV.jpg)
Love how they are trying to compare the current protests to the Vietnam era, at least back then people's concerns were somewhat legitimate. Good luck to any of these students getting hired in the near future. I wouldn't want to spend one second of my money or my time trying to work with or invest in people that are this ignorant.
Rewrite message... 
Shit this happened in America. That fucking racist Obama has got to gtfo
Priceless!
This is too good to be true
Uh oh, the HuffNPuff is going to need a bigger safe room to handle all the conflicted feelings they'll have.
should have posted a trigger warning on this article
Heh. 
This works perfectly when you consider witches to be a group!
As soon as o saw Barry say the plug rims thing I knew it'd cause a dilemma. Had a republican said this it would be the butt of every talkshow for a month. 
I lol'd pretty hard
Posts from the 'i.imgur.com' domain require moderation. Please be patient as we review. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Has anyone ever trolled the comments section on HuffPo?  It's absolutely fucking hilarious how easy it is.  
You can't dodge a Cruz missile. 
Out of all the current candidates I see Cruz as being the only one who would truly embarrass Obama in this format.  Like him or not he is awesome in the debate setting.  Even more than a Cruz vs Obama (which would never happen) I'd like to see a Clinton vs Cruz debate.
Damn I love it when Cruz hits back.
Holy crap the obama circle jerk is strong over in the r/politics thread of this. Tons of "Says the guy that's scared of widows and orphans." and other bullshit. How many people have to die for liberals to see that open borders isn't the greatest idea. 
[deleted]
"Come at me, bro"
Obama is a coward.  

He has made a habit of talking tough when he is overseas.  

Obama is on the wrong side of this issue, and you know he's in trouble when some of the press and Democrats are beginning to break from their master's wishes.  

He will end up eating crow, and I hope he chokes on it.
https://i.imgur.com/iTRcNfC.jpg
President Obama in a typical liberal fashion, takes up bullying and snide remarks when not having an actual arguement to those opposed to whatever his stance on a subject is. He routinely plays the smart ass angle because ignorant people always side with that. 
Is this sub run by Ted Cruz's people or something?
Cruz is great. 
There is something mr. Cruz should understand, that obamas greatest joy comes from insulting Americans in other countries
Wasn't Cruz all for bringing them in last year, and said we can do it safely?
It needed to be said.  President Obama is showing his his pandering of Muslim refugees (and possible terrorists, [Check this out](http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/18/americas/honduras-syrians-detained/index.html) because his father is a Muslim.  The Boston bombers were kid refugees.  The 9/11 hijackers lived here for years before they carried out their attack.  We are a compassionate nation, but not at the expense of dead **Americans** at the hands of terrorists.  
Cruz would pulverize, then liquefy 0bama in a debate about..anything, really.
Damn, he just put the smack down on Obama.  Obama likes to shit talk from as far away as possible.
Meet me in Temecula, bitch. 
Obama did not mention Cruz by name and Cruz is not the only member of the GOP supporting the absurd Christian-refugee-only idea whereas the hopeful Presidential Candidate Cruz said in this article "It is utterly unbefitting of the president to be engaging in those kind of personal insults and attacks" TO THE PRESIDENT. Obama showed professionalism while Cruz is displaying blatant hypocrisy in an attempt to bait the POTUS. 

This won't be a popular comment but can it be reasonably denied? 
Obama is the most effeminate POTUS this country has ever had. A five year old could whip his butt. 
Yeah, and I once saw a homeless man getting into an argument with his own reflection in a window in Manhattan.
Why is Cruz still considered relevant? Honest question.
Rafael Edward Cruz is a good man
Ted Cruz looks like a canadian.
Lame. Is he going to say "I know you are, but what am I" next?
[deleted]
A mature person on a campus? 

We'll see how long he can maintain his career following this horrifying racist, sexist, transphobic, homophobic, xenophobic, islamaphobic, bigoted comment.


That's about every word in the SJW dictionary right?


I can't wait for this next generation to graduate college and join us in the real world. It seems like we should be scared, but eventually these kids are going to have bills to pay, relationships to tend to, a home to take care of, children to take care of, on top of an actual 40+ hr/week job. 

I can't wait until the real world bites them in the ass, hard. 
Misleading title. It's the president of Oklahoma Wesleyan University, not to be confused with the University of Oklahoma, or another more-selective school.
What are these kids going to do when they hit the real world and employers aren't going to cater to their every whim? 
So there are university presidents who haven't had their balls chopped off? 
This guy is mlg.
Standing up against the butthurt liberals!
I hope interviewers for jobs probe on this topic to see what kind of people they're dealing with, and then slam the door on them when they start whining.
As a proud Liberal, I hate what political correctness has become. I honestly cannot discuss "Black Lives Matter" or "Gay Rights" because they are no longer about acknowledging others, but instead protecting us from what we don't want to hear. I do not understand how my party can completely ignore the first amendment, a staple of this country. 

I hope that more intellectuals will come out to deny these crybabies their binkies, and want to thank the right for continuing to uphold American traditions. 
Perfect. The First Amendment states that you're own speech cannot be suppresses. It however doesn't say that anyone has to give a crap about it.
Progressivism requires a howling ignorance blow unimpeded through callow minds loud enough to drown out rational thought and common sense. Brilliant, shining, vacuous young snowflakes must necessarily be protected during these early stages of brain washing. Repeat after me: "The thought police know groupthink." The right time for an endless parade of self loathing and breathless outrage is now. Free your mind and counter-protest professional protesters. 
I wonder what the soon-to-be former Oklahoma university president will be doing next?
Thank you for some common sense...
We won't be seeing this on the front of r/politics will we? 
[deleted]
Doesn't matter much now, the damage is done. That was the whole point. Just like Harry Reid's lie about Romney's taxes
I want Ben Carson to win the nomination just to see leftist freak out over the black vote
eh, this story doesnt matter. his insane things he has said on camera, ie pyramids are grain silos, means he wont win the republican nominee, much less the presidency. 
Could you imagine the outrage on the left if someone like the secretary of state lied about the cause of a terrorist attack if they got this worked up over the semantics over calling west point tuiton for serivce a scholarship.

O yeah.......
This kind of thing should carry big fines.
I give up with the media. I dont know what to believe at this point anymore. Best idea in my opinion is to stop focusing on campaign drama pieces from BOTH sides and focus on the issues. 
I gotta ask and I'm not trying to stir up anything, scale to 1-10 , 10 being the highest, how bias is politico and how bias is the Federalist?
[deleted]
I think it's more the journalistic equivalent of "stop hitting yourself". 
So basically the left just did to Carson the exact thing that Hillary claims is happening to her when she breaks the law and cries "This is a partisan witch hunt!".
A black guy born into extreme poverty who worked extremely hard in the face of hundreds of years of racism and overwhelming odds to become successful person and a Republican? A liberal's worst nightmare.
*And* he's helped to sell more guns than Sam Colt and Bill Ruger.
Now let's see them lose the presidency this time around. And so many senate seats that republicans could have a 60 seat majority. Here's to an awesome 2016! 
Unfortunately RINOs ruined this opportunity.
Taking up gun control (again) and pushing for Syrian refugees will contribute to further gains by the GOP. 
but unfortunately it hasn't  stopped his agenda
All that, and Jimmy Carter is also no longer the worst president in modern history.


And you could argue the best gun salesman in america.
Lol I knew this would trigger /r/politics, look at all these replies 
There's a reason Republicans have 17 Presidential candidates and Democrats only have 5, the Democrats have no bench.
Democrats right now:

TRIGGEREDDDDDDD 
The left attributes this to Citizens United. Ever since the ruling, those greedy corporations and the top 1% have bought every election. They must have let Obama win in 2012 just to be nice. 
And what have we done with it? Not a damn thing.
this is actually extremely common. It has happened with republican presidents too during midterm elections. The masses tend to vote against the party in the white house
The hero the GOP needs.  Our dark knight lol
[deleted]
What about recent gerrymandering? 
Woooooow never been to this sub before but  reading a lot of these comments it's extremely scary that people like all of you actually exist, like holy shit.  
I was at the rally. The protestor was a total douche - started grabbing signs from people and throwing them on the ground.
I love his comment about the obese guy who was complaining about his food stamp comment.

This does stike a contrast with Cruz though. Cruz would have (as he's done in the past) invited the leader up to the podium and debated him or her into silence.
Trump isn't even my top guy right now but I'll be damned if that didnt make me smile. America needs more of that and less of the dems pandering
That fat neckbeard he referred to lmfaoo
bout time someone stood up to these bullies.
Black Lies Don't Matter
Full speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmPqV41bfC0
Holy shit, which other candidate would have the balls to do something like this. Fantastic.
I was thinking of the contrast between him and Sanders before he mentioned it.  In America circa 2015 we need someone to stand up and tell idiots to shut up.  Not [this useless idiot] (http://media.komonews.com/images/DEM+2016+Sanders_Cata.jpg)
awesome.  #BLM are just a bunch of obnoxious, racist assholes.
So what's incredible is that the scumbags over at Think Progress are trying to make this a racial thing when you can clearly see that there was a black rally attendee involved in the scuffle with the BLM protester as well.  The Left has no shame....
This was in the comments and it brought a tear to my eye...

**"as a ukrainian I think this guy will make usa the best Country in the world he's strong and tells what's in his heart please vote for him I miss the strong usa that used to scare the shit out of russia﻿"**
I enjoy Trumps NY take no bullshit attitude. He's my pick.
"... can't let that stuff happen." That's right. Not if you have any respect for yourself or for the people you wish to represent.
Vote in Sanders and you will get this:

http://i.imgur.com/ryAnddV.jpg
[Video of the Protestor being removed](http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2015/11/22/3724879/donald-trump-black-lives-matter-protester-beating/)
If you try to take trumps mic you are gonna catch a body real quick.
He stuck it to those filthy liberal protesters! 
Way to go Trump! Tell that racist fuck we don't like their kind!
Can't stump the trump
Roll Trump Roll
He stuck it to those filthy liberal protesters! 
This was awesome! And I fully agree with this comment...

&gt;Personally I'm voting for Cruz, but I seriously hope he picks Trump as his VP. The president needs to know politics (which Cruz does) and be polite (which Cruz is) in order to lead effectively. But he also needs to carry a Big Stick and that's what Trump is. Trump is awesome but needs to be kept on a leash while he learns his way around Washington, and his "take no prisoners" attitude would keep Congress in line so Cruz can lead the nation. I think they'd be a perfect pair.﻿
So fucking unpresidential. I'm really losing faith in GOP voters. 
It's funny how this know-nothing loud child that does nothing but act tough and tap into the lowest form of racial fears can get so much support from the right. His "solutions" are nothing but money and time wasters since they are either impossible to implement or unconstitutional. 

A real patriot would have at least a minimal understanding of the constitution. Trump only understands that redneck racists love everything he stands for. Racial fears and loud stupidity. 
The problem I have with Trump is that he's an asshole to everyone rather than an asshole to assholes. I could support an asshole to assholes, but I cannot support an asshole.
Remember when liberals bitched about John McCain being too old to be president because he wouldn't live out his term? Sanders was born in 1941 (McCain in 1936). He's vying for the nomination in 2016 (McCain in 2008). Sanders is older for his presidential bid than McCain was for his.

It's inconsequential, I know, but it's so fucking annoying.
Lol.  If you offer Bernie your youth, he'll take your middle age and old age, too.
And now they want to lower the voting age to 16.
He needs it, mentally he still thinks he's an 18 year old college-bound moron.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore...
[deleted]
He'll happily accept your income from January to July every year if you'd prefer.
Leftism, the largest religion in the world.
Suck us dry, Bernie!!
Reminds me of the blind fawning of the german youth over hitler.

The young lead the line of those who oh so much want to do what "feels" good, but are too stupid to understand that liberal ideas solve nothing and in fact make it worse.

Wonder how that young female has been doing under the obama regime.  Guess she hasn't had enough of it and wants to sign up for at least another 4 years of nonsense.
You think some of these people would have older siblings who went through this shit with obama 8 years ago. Never trust a man promising the moon . Hell, the last one ended our space program. 
[deleted]
If he was any type of mythical creature, it would definitely be a bloodsucking vampire. (Nosferatu or Malkavian class, not one of the sexy ones).
Better yet, why not just compulse other people to give up their youth and give it to him?
Well, a vote for Bernie could destroy her future...
Well, she's got that whole redistribution from the people to the politicians thing down. 
I mean, he needs it more than most 
That's really not that bad compared to some of the things I've seen about him on tumblr. They act like he's a little boy needing to be coddled and taken care of.
You can! Really! Just put it in your will and when you committ suicide he recieves your remaining years. I promise.
She won't feel that way when she is making enough money to be excluded from Obamacare and pay for her own plan like the rest of us.
been watching too many vampire romance shows
This would go over great at /r/politics...
Someone did that for Bill Clinton, her name was monica lewinsky.
In a land full of spoiled lazy children, Santa Claus always wins.. 
Remember.  Liberalism is a mental disorder.  
Ah, youth...it really is wasted on the young.
And this is why the country is in the shape it's in!
Posts from the 'i.imgur.com' domain require moderation. Please be patient as we review. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Think about this logic for a second. Give the olderman your your youth so he can carry on, essentially putting all your faith in another person you assume knows what they're doing. Bernie may say things in good faith, but he has no clue what he's doing. 
It's called Slacktivism and everyone regardless of political orientation does it now. Change your profile picture, retweet, share, etc. It shows emotional support but results in zero change so anyone who engages in that without actually doing something to make a change is just giving themselves a warm fuzzy feeling with no useful outcome. I have as much disdain for the prayer tweets as I do for the rainbow profile photos.

It's like posting on Reddit. 9/10 times your words are useless meat flapping in some echo chamber and will never change a thing.
This includes the #bringbackourgirls.
Both kind gestures, but I feel many people are putting the French flag in their profile pic just as a way to inflate their ego
What we really need are hashtags. Cool, trendy hashtags.
As if more gun control would have stopped anything. Isn't it already illegal to own a firearm in France, and I know California has some of the strictest gun regulations, possibly only bested by New York.
Both equally pointless in my opinion.  But I guess that's the point.
Wow they know how to spin, don't they? 
The only difference being one is an empty gesture for a foreign country we have no political voice in and the other is by our own politicians that could actually change things in the country we live in.
Thoughts and prayers are nice when tragedy strikes as a show of support but not repeatedly by the politicians who have been elected to do a job.
Ask any liberal how legislation would have prevented the murders. Nothing but government worshiping, anti-religious losers.
Once again, I find myself amazed by these comments. For some reason, I figured a self-identified "conservative" subreddit would be more friendly to something like prayer. That's reddit for you.
Both equally pointless...
This is a bad comparison. There's really nothing more that an American liberal could do for Paris. However, at home, there are things that liberals feel could be done aside from "thoughts and prayers". 
Both are useless. Problem solved.
You are right. Both are pointless. 

Thoughts and prayers aren't pointless.  They convey a genuine desire to offer some kind of sympathy and even empathy in a situation where they can offer little or nothing beyond that.  It's the same thing with changing a profile picture, wearing a lapel pin, or putting yellow flags in your window or on your property.  Also, you'll note Obama offered his thoughts and prayers, which I think was a silent rebuff to the "pointless" argument.

That being said, we can do more.  Gun violence is an epidemic that cuts across multiple lines.  Mental health, poverty, simple safety and so forth.  Mass shootings while statistically minute compared to the rest of gun violence is a symptom of a lack of any real coherent strategy to control and deter gun violence.  If anything the sheer amount of accidental deaths and injury from firearms indicates we shouldn't be advocating more firearms to counter the proliferation of gun violence.   

Using the same statistics that I see referenced by every conservative argument that mass shootings comprise a relatively small amount of overall gun injury/death, indicates that introducing even more guns to the situation wouldn't result in a reduction or at minimum a negligible reduction in mass shootings. If anything the accidental and deliberate deaths from gun violence would skyrocket.

Gun violence is a distinct problem.  We can fix it.  I just don't think we have the balls as a nation to do so.  
Thoughts and prayers may be pointless, sure. But so is blaming every gun owner for the actions of a religious extremist/crazy person, or trying to pass new gun laws that would do approximately jack and shit to stop crime.
Oh sure if you talk to yourself you are crazy, talk to your shared imaginary friend and you are receiving "divine Wisdom."

The flag on a profile (it is dumb) at least lets people know you care about their tragedy.  Talking to your imaginary friend is even less useful.

I'm pretty sure lot's of reasonable people started having that "dream" long before that black day in Paris. 
In reality, it probably means you should take a break from the headlines for a while and start focusing on the happier and more beautiful parts of your life. 
Yep! This goes along with the you're a conservative who thinks Obama is a terrible president, nah you're just a racist bigot!
Why wouldn't the left immediately revert to the oft-used "bigot, racist, xenophobe" tirade?  It's been proven remarkably effective at stifling conversation or differing opinions.  It's damn time for the right to get aggressive...
I'm ethnically an oppressed minority. Does that still make me a racist, or am I exempt?
The very sad part is that if there actually is another attack here, the liar in chief and the lying liberal media will figure out some convoluted way of actually blaming it on republicans.

"If you only had empathized and embraced the feelings of the terrorists they wouldn't have attacked us."
When has he said this
[deleted]
Projection.  He hates white people and uses projection as a coping mechanism.
Do keep in mind that the same mentality was applied to Jews towards the beginning of WWII. I doubt that proponents of blocking out Syrians in the wake of the Paris attacks are legitimately concerned about "ISIS infiltrating the US", rather I suspect that they are using the idea to justify a preconceived notion that all people from the middle east are terrorists. Just my $0.02.
A maniac with right wing sympathies shoots up Planned Parenthood?  It's the fault of Pro Lifers!  

Maniacs with Islamic sympathies shoot up an autism clinic?  It's the fault of guns!  
New York Daily News [FRONT PAGE](https://twitter.com/nydailynews/status/672234341800521728)
What pisses me off is that California is the state with the strongest gun laws in the country and it happened in the most anti-gun state in the union. Does yesterday's event not prove that gun laws do not prevent mass shootings, they do not stop bad guys from doing bad things. 

The same tactics on climate change are being used for gun control. Doesn't matter what happens, they call for more restrictions. 
Well now that the shooters are Muslim the left will promptly drop this story
As the saying goes: "Never let a good crisis go to waste"
Bombs are illegal in all 50 states. Didn't stop these savages from preparing at least 4 of them. Thankfully they didn't detonate them.

The argument for more gun control is so counterintuitive that my brain short circuits when I hear liberals make their arguments. Every time I hear "assault rifle" on TV my brain sarcastically says, "Wow I wonder where they got select fire rifles" and I instantly get angry. I'm sure these were CA legal ARs with bullet buttons and 10 round mags. Gun control is a complete joke, and anyone who says otherwise has zero practical knowledge of firearms. Shit like this makes me hate reddit.

A person intent on killing will kill. Don't try to strip my ability to protect myself from these savages.
"Stand up to the NRA"? You do that, O'Malley.
The left will only use this for their gun control agenda, say they feel bad for the victims and then use it in their own agenda so they look like the good guys. Forget politics for a second and have some fucking decency. 
Stark contrast between the two, eh? 

Democrats: **Control**

Republicans: **Prayer**
Devil's advocate: besides Martin O'Malley, none of those Democrats took the opportunity to demand gun control. They mostly expressed disgust that these shootings were happening and said we have to do something to stop them - not an unreasonable reaction.
Democrats and the left refuse to accept that the problem is Muslim extremist terrorism and will go to great lengths to try to deflect any opinion that differs from their "great leader".  Gun controls have been proven to be absolutely ineffective, but it easier to point at something other than the complete failure of their liberal agenda.  Seems like making gun ownership illegal for all muslims and all black males with extensive "stop and frisk" will actually solve the problem, but Liberals are not after real solutions.
Better list https://m.imgur.com/a/auWlu
Now it's "gun safety laws" lmao
Expect the argument to be "gun legislation is action. What will prayers do?" 

It makes my blood boil how everything liberals do is innocent to them.
Has this turned into /r/liberal or something? 
This image was all over 4chan a while ago, it truly shows how the left clearly loves to score its brownie points every time a shooting happens.

Also, where are the leftists whining when people were using hashtags like #prayforparis, or hashtags commemorating other terrorist events. Are we supposed to not pray now? Is *praying* now worse than shamelessly promoting an agenda when voter's emotions are up?
This was a coordinated effort, make no mistake

http://dailycaller.com/2015/12/03/media-mocks-thoughts-and-prayers-for-shooting-victims-democrats-dont-offer-them/
pretty much
To Democrats, freedom is the real enemy, and Republicans are merely obstructionists to their effort to end it.
Will ask the group a dumb question, with the hope of getting an objective an detailed response...

I know it is, but why are GUNS (all aspects related to this) a left vs right or a DEM vs GOP debate?  

I am a fiscal conservative, socially progressive but struggle to associate GUN issues to left or right beliefs.


This shit is getting fucking *crazy*. I personally don't believe gun control could ever be enacted by the Federal government because most military and police personnel are definitely not liberal or supportive of gun control, and you would just have pacifist liberals endlessly weeping on social media demanding change with nothing getting done. But I dunno, what do you guys think they could try and do? Some crazy piece of legislation? Go after gun manufacturers? 
[Posted during the Paris attacks](https://twitter.com/newtgingrich/status/665312487147896832)
As someone who was a card carrying republican for a long time, this whole thread confuses me.  I think the democrats believe they can help reduce gun violence with new regulations.  There's a lot of reasons why this might not work, but I don't know why people have to ascribe malice to their intentions.  They are just tired of people dying, and think they can help stop it.

That doesn't mean they are exploiting tragedies, unless you think declaring war on Japan the day after pearl harbor was exploiting a tragedy.  We try to act on problems while people are talking about them. 
Democrats/Liberals run on emotions/fear/feelings primarily. They react immediately with short term outcomes first.

Republicans/Conservatives run on logic/common sense primarily. They act after more information and weighing long term outcomes.

It's biology, left brain vs. right brain.

Lol I just retweeted that today
Those prayers aren't working
Sooo figure out a solution to the problem, or send empty good vibes to the people being shot. 
One side wants to illicit change and show the survivors they want to do something to help protect them and the other wants to send good thoughts.

Meanwhile the media and the useless liberal vs conservative memes shill out propaganda and tropes that keep the arguments superficial and pointless.  While distracted with petty name calling the majority of us allow the corrupt corporations on both sides to take more control of our lives.

Can we please have a meaningful discussion about the real issues?
To be honest, I kinda like the democratic response better. Prayer won't fix this epidemic of gun violence in this country
[deleted]
[deleted]
Prayer isn't going to solve all of our problems. Whether gun control is the right option or not, at least the Democrats are trying to do *something*. The Republicans praying (or at least saying on Facebook that they're praying) does not help the victims. It will not prevent future attacks. It does literally nothing. I'm not trying to say that stricter gun control is the answer, whether I believe that or not. I'm just saying that prayer is not the answer. We can't just ignore this and pray for it to disappear.
I don't like this post. Liberals limiting believe access to guns will fix the problem. It's a understandable thing to take action on something you believe will prevent these shootings(ignoring the fact you would be undermining what you're trying so hard to protect).
The obvious solution is customized gun control.  Muslims and black males under the age of 40 should be prohibited from possessing fire arms and subject to stop and frisk verification.
Your "thoughts and prayers" don't do shit to help the victims, or do anything at all to prevent future shootings.
You've gotta be kidding me. Prayer does nothing. It will never do anything. It has never done anything in the history of the universe. 

"Yeah people got shot and killed but instead of getting to the root of the problem, I'm gonna talk to my imaginary friend in the sky."

Jesus fucking Christ you people are stupid.
Really amazing thing for her to tweet
you forgot 12-yr old rape victims ....



http://www.frontpagemag.com/point/234515/former-12-year-old-rape-victim-hillary-clinton-daniel-greenfield


You said flowers twice 
She's been at war with women since she hitched up with Bill. 
What about the underage sex slaves Bill was banging on Pedophile Island?
What a nasty f**king piece of work she is. Disgraceful.

Sorry, but that is about as accurate of a description as I can come up with when reflecting on that woman and what she represents.
I'm surprised Bill hasn't "committed" suicide like the rest while in Hillary's company... to many folks have "disappeared" 
Dodge, duck, dip, dive, and dodge!
Which of the girls listed in the title were assaulted? I'm fairly certain all of those relationships, if immoral, were consensual
Site is ridiculously buggy and overloaded with ads so posting the key content here...

&gt;Emily Faz, a senior st GSU, shared a Nov. 14 Washington Times article that highlighted how some Mizzou and Black Lives Matter protesters on social media were upset that media coverage of the terrorist attacks in Paris had overshadowed their movement.

&gt;“I swear if I see this B.S. at Southern I will make you regret even knowing what a movement or a hashtag is, and you’ll walk away with your tail tucked.”

&gt;... “The whole black lives matter movement is misguided and out of hand. Maybe no one likes or takes y’all seriously because no one can see past your egotistical [expletive]. Some people might just look past it, but fair warning I am not one. All lives matter, that has always been the case, and you part of the problem if you think other wise [sic].”

Now getting fired from Wild Wings Cafe was probably a move in the right direction. 

But it's a sick world where this statement could be deemed offensive. By that standard I should definitely get fired for my comments on reddit questioning PC propaganda.


The thought police
We are doomed if universities keep pandering to these stupid ass movements and protesters.   
Black Lives Matter is a hate group.

Come get me, liberals.
[False alarm.](https://www.facebook.com/wildwingcafeboro/posts/1037128456339260%5B1%5D)
I'll give her a job as my wife
PC Principal showed up
Crybullies, they're everywhere
I'm a liberal and I agree that this is retarded. 
As a recent Georgia Southern graduate I am embarrassed.  People on campus were tweeting her schedule, where she worked, where she was pretty much at all times.  I never thought anything like this would happen at our university.  This girl's life is pretty much ruined now for the next couple of years because companies will see a risk in hiring her in the PR department.  It's a terrible situation. 
I can't support BlackLivesMatter because I'm against segregation.
Freedom of speech is utterly destroyed. Liberals are like the new nazis. They have demonized any sort of criticism against their agenda. I would not be surprised if in the future, they just start killing for saying things.
Aren't there hundreds of thousands of OTHER college students who've expressed similarly critical thoughts and reactions on Facebook every day over the past week? It's crazy how there'll certain ones that someone else will take and turn successful turn viral, all the way to the point at which the poster's words are being quoted in major news articles and on the 5 o'clock news and she's getting fired from her job and is probably getting tons of threats from strangers near and far and is probably thinking of dropping out, I would think. 
She really should have put more thought into how she expressed her opinion.  Its dangerous to go against the mass media. #ThingsRitaSkeeterTaughtMe
god damn she is really cute
Foreign policy is so important in the upcoming election.
Only by banning YouTube and Carbon Dioxide can we defeat ISIS. 
What does the "23 Liberals Banned" flair signify? I've never noticed it on other threads before. Is it a count of the accounts banned based on comments in this thread?
So what subs are linking to this? What's with the brigading?
I love how all these Bernie "circlejerk" sanders liberals come over here and just talk shit but if we were to bring valid points to r/sandersforpresident we would basically be hung for a counter-point.
Edit: here (not hear). Damn autocorrect.
And if you're Al Gore a video and climate change gets you a peace prize...
Oh my God! The liberal salt in this thread is just so delicious! I'm going to put it on my French Fries.
I guess the truth is....inconvenient.
Seeing these two side by side made me puke a lil 
64% upvoted!? Jeez the brigading is hardcore.
The Democrats are really floundering here. They want to draw attention away from the utter failure of the Obama/Clinton foreign policy and onto their usual tripe about racism in America and global warming nonsense.
Is climate change that much of a stretch as a cause for terrorism? Let's go through the steps that led to the formation of ISIS. There was a worldwide commodities surge in 2008-2011 as China bought up massive amounts of food on the international market. From 2006-2010, Syria faced the worst drought in centuries which caused Syria to go from self-sufficient to net food importer. Food prices skyrocketed leading to a hungry population facing massive shortages and skyrocketing food prices. This led to mass unrest that only needed a spark to fully turn into a civil war. As Syria fell into civil war, jihadists and radical Islamists took advantage of the chaos to recruit the local population and expand their power. If you take away the drought and commodity price surges, there might not have the mass unrest that would have led to the civil war and ultimately the formation of ISIS. 

This is obviously not the sole cause for terrorism as the causes are varied and complex but it is a factor. Food shortages, famine, drought etc. are all contributing factors that allow for radical elements to thrive. Let's not forget that many civil wars were fought over food such as the French Revolution. As the climate changes, droughts and famine could become more severe leading to more extremist elements being able to expand and grow. 

[Source](http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2015/03/02/study_climate_change_helped_spark_syrian_civil_war.html)

Nice straw man. Bernie never said climate change causes terrorism, but it can exasperate the situation because of famine caused by droughts, floods, fires, any natural disaster which puts people in desperate situations.
Or republicans who dragged us into a war that was FUBAR from the beginning leaving a void for another evil to fill and continue the never ending bullshit. But what do they know right? 
[deleted]
I suppose neither of them wants to admit that terrorism is the probably the legacy of colonialism, US foreign policy, and Saudi oil money promoting its extreme brand of radical Jihadist ideology, amirite?
This is completely off topic but I work with a girl who looks so much like Hillary it's scary. I'm not a big fan of this girl, and the fact that she looks like Hillary is just the cherry on top of the hate sundae. 
Liberals cause terrorism.

A video?
Donald Trump thinks the downfall of the American dream is illegal immigrants sooooooo.
Why do people laugh at Bernia about this when [pentagon  stated this year ago already.](http://www.dallasnews.com/news/metro/20141013-pentagon-says-global-warming-increases-terrorism-threat.ece)
Climate Change absolutely enhances terrorism.  People get very angry when they have no food and water. Angry, restless men with no future become very gullible to anyone that promises food, shelter and a future.
Of course you will misquote the guy who knew Afghanistan was doomed to fail way before 9/11
blowing up their brothers and sisters and kids causes terrorism... 
Excuse me but when did he say it was caused by it?
You know what else is true? Terrorism is caused by people being afraid and uninformed. Looking at you, r/conservative
That' s oversimplifying it a little. Hillary is bought and changes her opinion often. Bernie seems to be honest and can back his views up with his voting history. I hope he makes it.
[deleted]
Bernie Sanders has an incredible talent of being able to see 5,10,20 years down the line. 

While ISIS and their radical ideology is presently one of the biggest terrorists threats, in the long term climate change can ultimately be the biggest cause of terrorism in the future due to war over limited resources.

Edit: Don't downvote me because you disagree, instead refute my point or add to the conversation.  
&gt; “I was startled by the aggression from a small minority of students towards students in the library, many of whom were supporters of the movement.”

Probably not any more. Pinning little girls against a wall and shouting "Fuck your white tears!' is no way to win over hearts and minds. 


Racial relations are worse under Obama than they have been in nearly 50 years.

Pretty sure somebody's safe space was violated by this.
What's the point of protesting in a university library? If anything, universities are where their support is the strongest and intentionally disrupting others is not exactly going to help them. 
this wasn't a protest but an assault by black racists.
I have a bit of a bad temper. If I were one of the students studying there, I don't think I'd have made it out without incident.
If they maintain this type of discourse, they will find themselves alone without anyone listening.  That's when the true violence starts.
Black Lives Matter is just making Blacks look bad. Most retarded movement ever. Has no leadership. 
Can somebody explain this movement to me, I don't understand the end goal of the group. Do they have an objective or purpose other than to "eradicate racism?" How do they hope to accomplish it?  From my perspective it appears their idea involves black as the superior race with whites being POS. 
The saddest part of the BLM movement is that some day they won't be edgy or front page news, and people will stop giving a shit. Then they'll realize that the activist utopia their radical professors urged them to create isn't going to happen and they have to put in the work like everyone else. Then we can all have a good laugh at them.
Mad at the world because daddy left mommy. You can see that hole a mile away.
I actually gotta wonder, do these people only protest at leftist gathering places? I mean, I'm glad they do it, it's good for these leftists to see the kind of people they are supporting, but why aren't protesting at right-wing gatherings? Or are they and we just aren't hearing about it?
Hopefully these individuals are reprimanded, or even expelled. If they aren't, it sets a dangerous precedent for racism everywhere, because if black individuals can get away with assaulting and insulting white individuals based on their race, then white individuals can do the same to black individuals. Racism by any race should not be tolerated. Period. 
I would have probably spit in that b-tches face.
Nothing that .45 and few boxes of ammo couldn't fix.
I would say it. I would totally say "black lives matter" to these pricks, but I would add "But yours fucking don't."
Imagine the outrage if white students did the same thing to black students in the library. This would be front page news. Students would be expelled.  It would probably be a hate crime.  Being labeled a racists is one of the worst things you can be called nowadays. Granted I am not black but I do not see where these people are coming from at all.  Who is racists besides people like this? They are seriously acting like animals in this situation. They don't know how to talk to people. They just fucking bitch, moan, cry, and bitch some more.  
Blm is just a bunch of racist fucks getting their limelight.  
This could be a campaign commercial for Donald Trump. 
They're going to fuck with the wrong dude.
Last time I was in a library, noisy/disruptive people were escorted out. Why not here?
They are marginalizing themselves with this, in my opinion.  Continue this type of thing and they will simply alienate people who agree with the sentiment but now disparage the movement.
i wonder what will happen when they are screaming allahu akbar
I guarantee you most of those people don't know why they were there. It's horrifying to watch a bunch of obnoxious jerks come in and interrupt students studying (fancy that, students taking their educations seriously instead of using their enrollment status as a platform for their agenda) with a monotonous nonsensical chant, and in essence, threaten those who don't stand up and show their appreciation for these "brave" protesters. Every single one of those cretins should be suspended and the ones guilty of threatening other students should be expelled.

Do I even need to say how much more coverage this would get if the racial roles were reversed? This is pure insanity and legitimately pisses me off. I am actually furious right now.
And none of the white kids in the library stood up and slung any insults in return because they were too busy checking their white privileges, the angles of their hats bills, and being totally dumbfounded as to why these poor downtrodden, abused, underprivileged, rebellious black people were letting their inner ghetto out in the library. 
Why aren't they charged with hate crimes?
Conservatives linking to Politifact. Now that's something you don't see too often.
did anybody actually read the article? it is still giving the man benefit of the doubt. this reminds me of one from last week that said mostly fault for "less than 10% of defence funding goes to fighting terrorism" when they said it was less than 11%.
I have no interest in what.politifact says about anything.That said, "mostly false" hahaha
Politifact throws a bone to the right every so often so that they appear to be unbiased. Don't fall for their shit.
[deleted]
/r/politics is foaming at this one very funny reactions over there.
This guy is a complete moron. The fact that so many Dems seriously want to elect him is scary. 
Isn't it kinda silly that you guys usually hate Politifact because of liberal bias but when it goes against a liberal you guys suddenly think it's great?
Will someone explain to me why this is not "Pants on Fire?"
But he's the only honest politician!
Do yourself a favor and check the "other discussions tab" above to see that r/politics and the Sanders board are saying about this. Absolutely hilarious mental gymnastics. 
It's 100% false, but I'll take a "mostly false" from Politifact. 
Why aren't people rioting and killing in Kansas if it's the heat that is causing the problems? Lots of farming there and it get can get into the 110's F there.
It is indeed true. Poor ol' Col. "B.S." Sanders has slithered so far left for so long his hysterical nonsense can't even get past the painfully partisan politically correct human caterpillars cocooning in St. Petersburg. Of course, Politifact is humping the wigged, wicked witch of the 1990s. The Party will use hoary Sanders to get out the callow crowd vote. When it's time, Hillary's media machine will shove that old man urine stink back into the old folks home.
&gt;Sanders said, "Climate change is directly related to the growth of terrorism."

&gt; We couldn’t find any evidence of a "direct" relationship between climate change and terrorism, though many reports have noted an indirect link. There are, of course, many other factors that contribute to terrorism, including religious and ethnic tensions and political repression.

&gt;We rate Sanders' claim Mostly False.  

It's patently 1000% false.  Pants on head retarded is what the rating should be.  Politifact is such a joke of a website.
'Mostly false'?

It is the most inane comment that i've heard this entire election cycle.

It should be a comment out of a national lampoon movie.
Liberal Logic:

Climate Change causes terrorism.  So it stands to reason that ISIS doesn't even realize they're attacking the West because of climate change.  

Climate Change is the fault of the deniers here in America, specifically the GOP.  Therefore, the GOP is responsible for the attacks in Paris and elsewhere.

Ha, silly right?  The left isn't dumb enough to blame the GOP for the Paris attack, are they?  http://twitchy.com/2015/11/18/sick-jihad-ny-daily-news-says-the-nra-gop-are-helping-terrorists-in-the-u-s/?utm_source=autotweet&amp;utm_medium=twitter&amp;utm_campaign=twitter
If you think man made significant climate change is a construct of government to regulate and extort industry, does that make it completely false?
I think we all know the answer, but where can I get some of this 35% tax, because my small contractor business is paying a good bit more than that?
Except ive never seen data showing that high taxes on cigarettes prevent people from using, only ciphening more money from people who on average are lower middle class. If anything all high taxes on cigarettes do is create a black market for people to sell in. New york is notably bad about this.

35%? Maybe for a large business with a good accountant. It always ends up being more. Try getting into the cannabis bussiness where you get triple taxed with little ability for any right offs any other business would normally be able to do
Yeah, except, you can't make money from smoking cigarettes...Unfortunately, or I would be wealthy indeed!!
To be fair the big companies pay nowhere near the 35% headline rate, estimates suggest the effective rate is around 27% and even less for the largest companies.
Liberal logic:

Step 1. Jack up taxes on businesses really high

Step 2. ???

Step 3. Income equality for all!
I'm guessing your question is rhetorical...?

Simple. Growth.
High cigarette taxes increase black market activity. High business taxes increase off the book activity.
I don't think any large company in US pays more than 15%. Some even pay zero tax and get some extra money from the government
Liberals don't give a a fuck about small business owners or entrepreneurs aka job creators. High taxes and raising the minimum wage to $15 is SUICIDE for a small business. 

And here's the kicker: big corporations like WalMart can indeed afford it, so they would be the ones prospering. Doesn't line up at all with the anti corporation rhetoric liberals preach.
Initiative, hard work, invention, creativity, risk taking, job creation, tax free decision making, simple accounting, productivity. . .
Exactly. Have you ever heard of a business migrating somewhere because the taxes there are so high? Or a business migrating *out* of somewhere because the taxes they're paying are too low?

Look at Hollywood. Many studios and producers won't even shoot movies in California anymore because the taxes are ridiculous.
Correct me if I'm wrong. I may very well be.

Wouldn't it be good to lower corporate taxes?  It would give the company more money to pay their employees more, which is something the liberals are in a fuss about.   

I agree the minimum wage needs to be looked at, but $15 is absurd.  $9 is fair, and lower corporate taxes might possibly give the corporations enough extra money to make that happen without taking away from other areas of the business.  

I dunno.  Someone chime in.
There's an interesting parallel with taxing cigarettes, business, and the rich. They're all an easy target to get past the majority of the public. 
Smells like a bureaucracy.
Exactly right.
Well it prevents US companies from being happy, but strengthens Canada's economy when they move up north.
This just confirms what many already knew; the Mizzou protestors are nothing but a bunch of entitled, self-victimizing narcissists.
I'm not surprised. These people think the world revolves around them. They're entitled, close-minded, narcissistic, whiny fucking assholes. 
For the Love of God ...  what is wrong with these people?
[SJW's right now](http://imgur.com/uTu7Xb2)
Spoiled children acting like they are important to anybody or anything. They are not, just noisy and irritating.

Just turn the damn sprinklers on and watch them scatter. Hell, If I had any authority, all dorm rooms and food halls, closed. Go home and come back when you grow up. If you choose to stay, under arrest for trespassing.

I am getting so tired of all of the whining from these pussy punks.
I really wish I didn't read this. This fuels me with rage wow. How can you be so dense?
/r/nottheonion
It is not unbelievable...it's who they are.  They know the Alinsky tactics.  We would be wise to know them to and do what they do.  Use they're half-assed rules against them.
Not surprised.
The liberal college chickens are coming home to roost.

They get what they deserve and I'm not shedding one tear or losing one minute of sleep over it.

I'm too pissed off about Paris to read this
Imagine if even one private gun owner was armed in that concert hall.   Sad that worldwide the good guys are getting disarmed and allow the bad guys free reign to kill indiscriminately.    
These special snowflakes are going to get fucked by Reality when they are forced to leave the safe space of their college campus.
their whole protest is astro turf to begin with.  Mizzou is a liberal college! anyone who thinks there is  "institutional racism and oppression" in a liberal arts state college has had just a little too much koolaid!  
Liberal solipsism at its absolute worst.
I am starting to *hate* the left. We told them over and over and over again that flooding Europe with migrants was going to lead to a terror attack. "That's waaaaaacist!" We told them over and over again the social justice warriors were out to destroy our freedom for the sake of power. "That's waaaaacist!" This week we have sadly been proven right on both counts, and the stunned Democratic Party just sits back in ignorant silence. 
&gt;the user @Ilovethisnigga 


I literally, yes literally, just tasted vomit in my mouth.
They have to be trolls... right?
Please be trolls. Otherwise it is too sickening to bear.
What did you expect from a bunch RACIST, BIGOTED, ignorant, self entitled, little pricks?
The ignorance is almost overwhelming.  I don't even know what to say through the righteous anger I feel creeping up my neck right now.  
Wasn't the  kkk thing made up?
Unbelievable and sad.  Look at me-me-me!  Disgusting.
Priorities man.  It's all about the priorities.
I can't believe that they haven't blamed the right for engineering the attacks to draw the attention away.
All I can say is that the terrorists bombed the wrong people!
https://twitter.com/Pharaohofhearts/status/665328168283181056

This guy is a piece of work
I was thinking "Nah... no way. This title has to be overblown, editorialized. Let me take a look so I can correct OP."

Sadly, I was wrong. These people are gross. I hope I don't know anyone like that in real life. 

I don't know why I'm surprised. Liberals are trying to bash the Amish, to distract from the terror in Paris right now. I don't why I'm surprised anymore....
Who? Oh that? Yesterday's news….
[America right now](http://i.imgur.com/Pi93GCw.gif)
Carson has been posting stuff like this to his Facebook page. It is wonderful. He is upset but also poking fun at the false claims.
More like "No Evidence Found to Support the Claim that Carson Occasionally Returned Books Late"
Breaking news: Dr. Ben Carson actually a surgeon not a doctor. No word yet on when he'll step down.
And their source is a janitor on a peyote trip.
i heard that he doggy ear'd a couple of pages.. 


I heard that his name isn't even "Ben" it's actually Benjamin.
For shame!
good one.
I see they do the hard work TMZ ignores.
Was the book about the Pyramids being used as granaries?
Not sure if satire...or real.
And [this guy](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Z6pug1Kb0sw/maxresdefault.jpg) is coming for him.  Lol
There's plenty of other reasons to knock Carson, the media doesn't really need to go after him on silly stuff like this (yes I know this is satire) 
Leave it to the liberal media to focus on and criticise crap like this when one of the Democratic candidates is openly a Socialist. 
&gt; A man, who just two years ago was the poster boy for the far-Left media's attacks against the U.S. government's no-fly list for "unfairly" targeting Muslims, finds himself and several family members sitting in a Turkish prison -- arrested earlier this month near the Turkey-Syria border as members of an ISIS cell.
&gt; 
&gt; U.S. and Turkish officials confirmed Long's arrest to PJ Media, saying that he was arrested along with eight others operating along the Turkish-Syrian border. So far, no U.S. media outlet has reported on his arrest.

What must terrorists think of when duping liberals.  They must be fascinated at how naive they are.
This liberal agenda of demonizing right wing policies is really backfiring on them.  Just this example makes MSNBC look like a propaganda front for CAIR.  Wake up MSNBC, this is not some rosy world where we'll all just get along after singing kumbaya.  With these terrorists, singing kumbaya is probably a death sentence.
Really disgusting how nobody is reporting this outside of some small conservative sites.
god this sub is like a breath of fresh air. thank you for existing
I would like more substantive conversation in the debates about CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood.  Ted Cruz is the only one I've heard recently even talk about either of them and that was in the media not at the debates.

I think the issue of the current administration embracing both groups is a strong point any candidate could make and if explained well to the American people would bolster that candidates standings in the polls.
Obviously he was radicalized because of the terrible treatment he got from DHS! /s
I'm SHOCKED! Shocked, I tell ya! /s
MSNBC might hate America more than isis
Not sure why Fox hasn't picked up this story. This is fascinating, but that fact alone makes me question it's authenticity. I'll need to do more research, good find, op.
"Victim Disarmament  Zones"

Imagine that.  Here's a little known secret to the uninformed who think gun control is the answer...  Those who want to murder don't care about laws so all gun free zones do are make law abiding citizens unarmed targets.  These mass shooters know they will incur a higher body count when the victims are unable to defend themselves.  That's why you'll have mass shootings in gun free zones but not at your local NRA meeting.
It should be noted that the Mother Jones article that this sources does not actually mention Gun-free zones at all, it just demonstrates that mass shootings (4 or more victims killed in a public place who do not know the victim) *in general* are on the rise.  I don't know if there is data specifically related to gun free zones, but this article is dishonest.
If you were a deranged man who wanted to kill as many children as possible, where would you go? A school.

If you were a deranged man who wanted to kill as many firemen as possible, where would you go? A firestation.

If you were a deranged man who wanted to kill as many unarmed citizens as possible, where would you go? A gun-free zone.
No shocker there, it like an invitation for the crazies.
Even Islamic terrorists don't like it when their targets might shoot back. Of course Gun-Free Zones are the most dangerous.
Killers want unarmed targets.
Europe is a gun-free zone..
and liberals will just ignore and deny this because facts give them migraines.
Who knew? Oh yeah that's right, everybody who has a brain and can figure out simple logic, that's who.
Otherwise known as "fish-in-a-barrel zones"

The only time it is permissible is when there are fully armed security forces stationed and patrolling throughout.
Armed Citizens Deter Terrorist Attacks In Detroit, Police Chief Says

http://detroit.cbslocal.com/2015/12/01/armed-citizens-deter-terrorist-attacks-in-detroit-police-chief-says/
of course it is...
Has someone x-posted this to r/GunsAreCool?
Funny - the point I've been trying to make for several days. 

It was 2007, and Hillary was the shoe-in, 'gimme' candidate, and then by 2008, journalists were too busy raiding Sarah Palin's septic tank to provide close-ups of the turds to be bothered to ask Obama any questions beyond "Why are you so awesome? May I fellate you now?" 

Remember when he said that the Selma march inspired his conception? The Selma march was in 1965 and He was born in 1961.
He didn't even write the book. Bill Ayers, DOMESTIC TERRORIST, did. 
Is this re: Carson? 

Most of these seem about his ancestors. It seems justifiable to be inaccurate with these when 

 1. They are secondhand accounts at best &amp; 

 2. They all sound relatively plausible. 
Well there was that birthplace issue....
So one person lying excuses another... OK. 
[deleted]
Number 7 seems to be the damning one. The others are things that other people told him. For example, if my uncle was in the war and told me he helped liberate Auschwitz, I'd likely believe him too (as, I'm sure, would most people here) but I'm pretty sure I'd remember if my girlfriend was black or not when making a point about race.
Can I please get an /r/politics troll in here, PLEASE?!
Wrong, haven't you guys heard? Black people can't be liars /s 
yea right?  i missed that one as well
Basically:  

Young Carson had dinner with a General, who said he can get him into West Point without having to pay.  Carson said "no". 

Carson saw this is a "scholarship".  That's the end of it.  

Almost half a century later, someone dug up all West Point applications and didn't see Carson's name.  

BUT there would be no reason why his name should be there...  How is this lying?  
&gt; No, Ben Carson Didn't Lie About West Point

Eh, technically he misspoke, but with the intent to mislead people, which... kinda is a lie. It's incredibly minor, and the media is trying to turn it into some big deal when it's not.

The pyramids thing is much bigger, along with his religion and (what personally lost me) his views on torture (from the first debate).
&gt; I was the highest student ROTC member in Detroit and was thrilled to get an offer from West Point. But I knew medicine is what I wanted to do. So I applied to only one school. (it was all the money I had).

I read the politico story first and thought Carson was done given his credibility questions, but this does show it to be more innocent and reasonable.  His use of the word "offer" is unconventional and confuses things, but it really doesn't seem dishonest in context.
Crazy that this is legitimately an issue by some in the media.  For reference, go look at the [Rivals 100](http://sports.yahoo.com/ncaa/football/recruiting/rankings/rank-3512/0) list of the top high school football players.  Every one of those kids have ''scholarships'' to a big school to play football.  Sure, they haven't applied to any of them yet but they still have scholarships.   

But instead of discussing real policy difference, lets engage in semantics for the next 6 weeks over Carson's use of a word until he starts polling below 50% in trustworthiness.  
Getting an appointment and being admitted are not the same thing. Being appointed happens by a US Congressman, Senator, or President. Not everyone who gets an appointment gets into the academy. Also, everyone who attends a military academy pays no tuition and is granted a stipend as well as certain personal items such as computer and uniforms. Saying you got a full ride to West Point is like saying you applied to Harvard and the interviewer really liked you.
It's weird that everyone is saying that the academies don't pay scholarships yet when my son was applying it was referred to as such by so many people. Maybe erroneously but it is the way it's portrayed. 
What about Gen. Westmoreland not even being in the city during the time this dinner happened? It's starting to seem like he embellished quite a bit for a book he wrote when he had no intention of running for President.
I have not dived into the details and semantics of this, an offer to help him get in, versus a formal offer. But it's interesting that the left is making this a big deal, but Hillary can lie about a war experience and the left don't care. 
Jesus Christ, that whole /r/politics thread is carcinogenic. I was in it for 3 minutes, and I feel like I need a chemical bath.

How delusional is it for people with Hilary Clinton as the front runner to say one word about Ben Carson's non-story about West Point?
WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE?!?!?!? 

Well...it worked for Hillary.
This is what I hate about US politics the most. The media is more interested in scandals and finding dirt instead of reporting useful information, and people from both sides lap it up, and both sides are pretty hypocritical about these things.

If this was Hillary, r/politics would be rushing to defend her, citing semantics and wording, while this sub would be blowing up about "the lie."

That said, this seems like an embellishment, not a lie, and it really doesn't change my opinion on Dr. Carson.
Ultimately the point here is that he used this "story" to prop up his personal narrative on many occasions as if it was a verifiable fact of history. When in reality it is likely a product of his own narcissistic mind. People like Gen. Westmoreland meet lots of people and shake a lot of hands. It is possible he did at some point tell Carson to apply but that is a far cry from "offering" him a spot. Carson was trying to make it sound like it was a marriage proposal when it was likely closer to "Sure baby, I'll call ya."
That doesn't explain what he wrote in his book.

https://twitter.com/BenjySarlin/status/662676404560134144/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw

I'm glad this article posted the excerpt because it helps show just how much he doesn't know the lingo. I was taught that it's never a "medal of honor winner" it's a Medal of Honor recipient. He just doesn't know the culture (but I trust he would learn it before taking office.)
The pyramids were gain silos. 
Glad this got stickied.  I'm amazed politico so blatantly lied about the story.

[Explanation here.](http://dailycaller.com/2015/11/06/five-serious-questions-about-politicos-hit-on-ben-carsons-west-point-story/)
Except he was still repeating the lie even as late of August of this year: Carson [repeated](https://www.facebook.com/realbencarson/posts/513020902197714) his West Point claim as recently as Aug. 13, when he fielded questions from supporters on Facebook. "The next question is from Bill. He wanted to know if it was true that I was offered a slot at West Point after high school," Carson wrote. "Bill, that is true. I was the highest student ROTC member in Detroit and was thrilled to get an offer from West Point."  

Except that is a lie - no offer, and West Point has publicly stated he was never an applicant, much less offered a scholarship.
Is it just me or has /r/conservative been invaded by liberals? 
At first I hated all these Carson hit pieces, but I realized just how desperate and frightened the leftist media is of Carson, it's actually incredible how pathetic our media has become. 
At this point I'm thinking this is going to hurt the media's credibility more than Carson's.
Sarah Palin 2.0
The media and the Leftists are absolutely terrified of Carson and Trump, Cruz and Rubio. They will be twisting words and incidents to shine poorly on whoever is close to or in the top spot throughout the election, while protecting the Democrats with puff pieces.

Please be on you guard about this, as it is an old game for them.
I think what his problem is is that he is telling the truth, but he is having trouble conveying his story to people.  He's exceptionally brilliant, and I've seen smart peopel unable to tailor their message to a given audience, so it gets lost.  

I'm sure what he meant by offered a full scholarship was Gen Westmoreland was explaining USMA and that if you get accepted, you get a full scholarship (another way to say you get a free* education).  This is what I feel like a lot of his controversies (the tithing means 10% fiasco form CNBC debate) stem from.

  *Free = you owe 8 years of service, with a minimum of that 8 being 5 of active duty)

EDIT:  Forgot the Disclaimer.
Democrats lying about a black man, trying to incite people against him. 

These scum never change. 
Is it not better than he get weeded out now?
[deleted]
I hate how so many people believe CNN is the "neutral" news station. 

I even had a teacher in High School who said that, then again she spent an entire class complaining about Scott Walker's budget. 
[deleted]
Communist News Network wouldn't tell the truth if you paid them extra.
Cancel the debate. RNC Chairman must act now. If another CNBC happens, it will be his fault (again).

By the way, why do they go through these liberal commercial TV stations to run debates? 
I saw the initial interaction. The way it's been edited is criminal
Reporter: How many babies did you eat this week?

Trump: What kind of question is that? Zero. Are you kidding me, come on. Next question.

Reporter: What's two plus two? And a follow up question, do you like bacon?

Trump: Four. And yes I love it, its crispy and delicious. You Muslims don't know what you're missing.


CHECK OUT THIS TOTALLY LEGIT CLIP WHERE TRUMP SAYS HE ATE FOUR FRIED MUSLIM BABIES THIS WEEK HE MUST BE STOPPED
I totally want to punch Wolf Blitzer's face with my car. 
Wouldn't be the first time, won't be the last.
He absolutely DID say that. This video has the sound and video out of sync to give the illusion something isnt right.
Surprised it's that low. 
everybody *says* they don't trust the media, yet still always eat it up. I just don't see the action behind the sentiment.
Now if we can get conservatives to realize Sean Hannity and Fox News and all the other most popular outlets are still "main stream media", then we'll start to get somewhere. 
That's basically all conservatives and all moderates.  The MSM is by of the liberals, by the liberals, and for the liberals.
I am not really sure we can trust this.  I mean it is from the media.
A person would have to be extremely naive or ignorant to believe the news. Journalism is a euphemism for propaganda. 
The other 30% is split 15/15 Republican/Democrat.
MOre worrying that 35% do
It makes me sad that the number isn't higher. Even as a child 8-10 in a apolitical household I would watch the news on TV and get pissed about how one sided the reporting was. It was obvious. Back in those days it was the big three networks all jerking hard to the left.
I watch various media outlets from all over the world to get a clearer picture. 

I currently read RT, al Jazeera, BBC, and msm American media. Reading one alone is unhealthy.  And yes I know they all are state propaganda. 
It should be 85%, but of course, at least 20 to 25% of that 35% that do trust the media are no doubt liberals who like the kind of partisan coverage they see, and don't care how their side wins or how rotten and unfair the media is to the opposition party.
We are coming to the end of a two term Democrat as President and everything is Bush's fault.  Blows my mind every time they say it.  
Sanders could say the moon is made out of cheese and his supporters wouldn't bat an eye.  They are sheep.
Seeing a half dead Bernie ramble on stage on how global warming is the cause for terrorism is disturbing
Haha perfect!
Crazy old man.
Uh, it was pulling out early that did this. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe Obama pulled out too soon just to look good politically.
Only leftists can blame a terrorist attack in Paris, France on a drought in Syria. 
Serious question from someone who doesn't visit this sub often (only when I see something interesting on /r/all) - it seems to me that every single candidate, regardless of party, has MAJOR flaws. As a country, are we just fucked? Who is the best choice for 2016?
I mocked this on Facebook and a liberal college professor friend of my wrote that it was true because global warming is caused by capitalism and capitalism causes terrorism. 

I tried to explain that Islamic terrorism and expansionism predate capitalist theory by centuries. Ineffective explanation to her. 
I would appreciate a source. 

Thanks!
It is really Hillarious to watch the left battle the windmills of global warming as their ranks are being consumed by the monster called ISIS.  Some would call it slow of wit.  I suppose that it is a good thing that all of the ISIS targets in the US are bastions of liberalism.  
We're invading the world with global warming. We're oppressing them


Bernie is oppressing my brain with retardation 
I mean, invading Iraq for no reason definitely did cause the rise of Al Qaeda and eventually ISIS, so I see his point 
Except that's not even close to what he said. He has said many times that refugees in the hundreds of millions fighting over land when they're displaced from their homes will breed exponentially more terrorists than we see today. 
I think most will agree that all of the major players this time around are kind of lame.
Can you imagine this dolt handling a major a terrorist attack as POTUS?
This picture is completely off base; we all know the wolves from Syria don't eat pork.  /s
After watching his speech at the G20 summit, I'm thoroughly convinced that everyone attending the G20 summit has nothing but it's own malicious, selfish intentions at heart. If there was such thing as someone ruling from an Ivory Tower, completely ignorant to the truth and reality surrounding it- this would be them. I'm tired about hearing about hurting the migrants' feelings - what about our own? Not to mention our already implied security risk with all of this...
I have not laughed so hard in quite a while 
Watching a liberal in a conversation about ISIS is almost watching Harry Potter movies where everyone is afraid to say "Voldemort."  It's bizarre.  
[deleted]
we all know how well that vetting worked for the Tsaranaev brothers...
We thoroughly vetted him, Scout's Honor!
We should take in more refugees, IMHO.  Seems like a huge PR win, a potential economic boom, and most importantly a huge slap in the face to jihadism.

The idea here is that Syrians coming to the States will inevitably become living, breathing arguments for religious tolerance. What better way to have peace between the West and Islam, than to foster millions of Westernized Muslims?

What Syrian is going to come to LA or NYC and say "oh man, it's pretty nice here, but I do miss the poverty and wanton human rights abuses."
DONT LET BAD THINGS HAPPEN
There we go, I expect more to state the same.
Just words. Obama will find a way to get them in. Ask Arizona how the federal government deals with states laws. 
I'm starting to like going to school here more and more.
Good for him. I hope more governors show a backbone and take a stand. Let the "Syrian" "refugees" go to the blue states and see how it works out.
good for Alabama...Tom Wolf in PA just said we will take the refugees here. I can tell you just from the thousands and thousands of posts on his facebook the people here in PA are fucking pissed. 
Funny thing is, I don't think he has the authority to do that. I am not completely sure how the refugee system in the USA works, but if it makes them legal residents then he has absolutely zero authority in this situation.

Edit: https://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3t17ua/michigan_alabama_texas_refuse_to_accept_syrian/cx26nrd
Unfortunately, Obama won't let this happen. States are only allowed rights when it's marijuana
Sure, us Alabamians may be back woods, un-educated, hate filled, gun toting rednecks, but at least we have a governor with more spine than Prez Boy.
Nice to see some actual leadership. Need to see more governors doing the same.
It was obvious the chances of terrorism would rise with these Syrian 'refugee's' being let into all these countries. Political correctness seems to be worth more than your citizens lives these days..
Good for him. 
great, watch the liberals call them racist hicks again. 
80 million new people in the world every year and half of them want to come here.  What makes these arabs so special when even other arab countries won't take them?
"Governors have no right to stop federal policy" "These governors are bigots playing on the fears of other bigots" blah blah blah

Ready for the intellectually bankrupt onslaught that will react to this?
My issue is that so many are being let in there don't seem to be any background checks going on.  
Good, this is fucking ridiculous. No refugees period. Destroy ISIS and let them go back to where they came from.
Add Mississippi to the list.  Governor Phil Bryant just said NOPE
How can any state prevent Syrians from coming in? If they are given U.S citizenship or permanent residency then it's a done deal, states can't prevent people legally living in the U.S from free movement based on their national or ethnic background. 
To be honest though, nobody wants to go to Alabama...
GOOD
Governor Wheels is doing the same
It is only common sense not to allow these refugees into a state until there is an effective vetting system. If you could only allow Christian Syrians into the US, that would be a help. It is only the Muslims that are the terrorists. The problem is that the the US will not allow a religious test. 
Oh thank god. 
&gt; Choeurlyne Doirin-Holder broke her foot during a routine equipment check after just ten days in her position ...

Broke her foot during a routine equipment check? Ha! You can't make this shit up. 

&gt; ‘If you’re going to get hurt in the firehouse checking a rig, what would happen at a fire?’ an insider asked.

I hope for the sake of her fellow firefighters that she's not allowed anywhere near a fire. It's not only dangerous for her, but even more dangerous to her team. 
Well so long as they had enough diversity what does it matter? We all have to do our part to make sure everyone gets a chance. Now she has a chance at disability, workmans comp, and when she does get back to work, she can sue for discrimination because nobody is willing to work with her  for fear of having to depend on her!!!! 
You have to wonder about the mindset of the person accepting a position and they know they were selected based on gender and skin color rather than being the best. They have to live with that. The whole organization suffers. Only as good as your weakest link on that chain.

At least they are now admitting that political correctness is literally more important than life.
This was just a freak accident.

Fat black women with a bad attitude can do *anything* some pumped-up white boy can, and *more*!!

Not letting fat, out-of-shape, completely unqualified black women into the fire department would be *super* racist.
My sister fought forest fires for a few years before a car accident messed up her hip. Those firefighters have different standards. They have to carry a pack based on personal weight, for instance. My sister was one of several women on her training team. Women are not that rare in that field.

I told her about this, about how this woman threatened her way on to the force, and then about injuring herself.

My sister called her a stupid bitch who should have worked harder if she really wanted the job.
If justice prevailed, the judge who demanded she be hired would have the cost of her treatment taken from his/her paycheck.
Social justice at the expense of rationality and safety.
tripping on the step sounds like a freak accident and could happen to anyone, to me the more alarming thing is to hear she was struggling with the hazmat training, it's definitely not easy but you face a lot more as a firefighter
&gt; herself

Any man that failed the fitness test would be sent packing. Tough bounce, Sally. 
Call me crazy, but if someone is coming into a burning building to save me, he could be a he, she could be a she, they could be Jewish, black, Asian, Muslim...as long as they're physically built enough to save my ass. 
One more example that diversity is perversity. It is time to end leftist social engineering and hiring quotas everywhere. 

On a related note, female and minority-owned businesses get an automatic 20% of all GSA spending and they gouge the hell out of the taxpayers for the privilege. 
Better sign that looser up for a lifetime of disability.
This is why women should not be firefighters, policemen, in the military, or doing any job requiring strength in high stress environments where life and death decisions have to be made.  They are biologically not suited for it no matter what legislators, politicians, or activists claim.  It sickens me when leaders in those professions are politically/administratively coerced into looking the other way when women cannot meet established standards and either failures are ignored or standards lowered while arguments are made how technology has made those "Neanderthal" standards obsolete.

Time and time again, these poor decisions have risked the lives of others.
DIVERSITY IS PERVERSITY--Michael Savage
The shit of it is, she'll keep her job. She won't be anywhere near a fire. NYC will pay for her useless ass to ride a desk. She's an embarrassment to all the women who can hack it. Same shit happens in the PD, which I am a part of.
I wonder what the chances are that she broke her foot at home but faked it until she was on the job so that she could get disability.
Haha thats awesome! Even the algorithms know when things are to good to be true. 
To me, the economic plan sounds more like an Oprah giveaway special, except all the viewers from home get the tab. 
&gt;Democratic presidential hopeful Bernard Sanders’ economic plan triggered Gmail’s 'phishing scam' antenna, with the mail system saying the senator’s liberal campaign promises — including lower prescription drug prices and free college for all — sound like frauds.

&gt;...

&gt;Ira Winkler, president of Secure Mentem and a cybersecurity specialist, said the campaign likely triggered Gmail’s filters because it included phrases that spammers use to try to sell prescription drugs and by offering things free of charge — in this case, the promise to pay for education at public colleges and universities.

&gt;'The way spam filters tend to work is you’ve got scoring. And the more time trigger words are used, scoring tends to go up. So if you see words like "free," if you see words like "prescription drugs" [and "guarantee"], that keeps triggering it,' Mr. Winkler said.”

This is hands-down the funniest thing I've read all day.
Google is not wrong.
Definitely a scam, it is so easy to fool young fools.
The title is pretty misleading, it was gmail's anti spam software, not any actual person.
This is the best thing I have read all week.  I love it.
Bernie Sanders is a milk and honey politician. Offers a bunch of free stuff, everybody thinks their world is gonna change after he gets sworn in and it's gonna be like living in a dream. The reality will be everybody will get a laughable minor handout at a huge expense for the country in the long run.
Why am I not surprised that Google, a company that hires some of the most educated people in the world, condemns the most childish economic plans in recent history? 
It's actually all a pyramid scheme, but close enough... 
Well duh Google would say that... They're just 1%er ubercorporate capitalists who hate people.
Google is wrong here. It's more of a pyramid scheme. Send the money to the top in the hopes you'll get a return... Of some kind... At some point...
Sued into the stone age, yes.

It is nearly impossible for someone who is falsely accused of rape to remove the stain on their reputation.
I think that if it can be proved that rape was purposely and falsely accused then they should face criminal charges, with severe prison sentences involved 
and jailed. This one never spent a day in jail for the Duke Lacrosse team accusations. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystal_Mangum 
Yes, but as in all lawsuits the burden of proof would have to be on the plaintiff.
Sued? Sure, for costs and financial hardship.

But also criminally charged. They are using our justice system as a weapon. It's like SWATting. It should be a felony.
In addition to serving the same sentence the *rapist* would have, yes.
Sued, and a prison sentence as long as an actual rapist.
Not sued. Arrested. And put in jail for just as long as their victim would have been if they had been convicted.
You should have to serve a rape sentence for falsely accusing someone of rape. Even if found innocent, a false accusation could totally ruin someones life.
And face jail time. say a ex says you raped her because she wants revenge against you or somthing just the accusation could and in most cases would ruin your life 
Hell yes they should. There should be consequences for something like that. There should be a law on the books that makes it a crime to do something like that, if there isn't one already.
Fucking yes they should
If you can prove without a doubt they did yes
Absolutely.
If it can be proven beyond reasonable doubt that the claim was false, then yes.
abso-god-damn-lutely
I don't think so. As other have pointed out, this would introduce many more complexities. Examples are cases where the defendant did it but gets off for lack of evidence, and the old feminist cry that it will have a chilling effect on victims reporting.

I think a simpler solution would be to make it illegal to release any identifying information of the accused, accuser, or witnesses until and only if a conviction is attained. Other countries like Japan do this already where the press uses euphemisms like "Woman A accused Man B..."
Ideologically it's only fair that people who falsely accuse others of rape should be punished for it.    
*Realistically* the only thing this would achieve is for the accuser to never come out and admit their false accusation.  
I think a far more balanced solution would be for the "sexual offender" label to get dropped and record wiped clean as well as receiving some monetary compensation for false imprisonment and psychological damage.  
In all probability A LOT of false rape accusations could be avoided if the prosecution looked at the evidence instead of doing witch hunting.
Yes and the debt should stick like a student loan. No BK, if in default the debts reason should show on a credit report.
Yup.  Jail time, too.  It ought to be no different than "SWAT'ing".  And some kid just got 25 years for that.
Once upon a time, I was a juror on a criminal case.  It wasn't a rape trial, it was an assault trial.  And yes, it was a man accused of assaulting a woman.

We found the man not guilty.  The main reason was a lack of evidence, which included a lack of any sort of medical testimony whatsoever.  At the same time, the defendant was a total scumbag and we were all pretty sure he did it.  Which is why he was *nearly* convicted of assault, until cooler and more logical jurors convinced the reactionary ones otherwise.

If you use the same kind of reasoning found in the article, this dude should be allowed to sue his accuser.  But it was *almost* a reasonable trial, and *almost* reasonable to find him guilty.  I'm fairly sure that the maybe-victim thought our verdict was a miscarriage of justice.

In truth, me and my fellow jurors thought the true miscarriage of justice involved the prosecutor.  She should never have prosecuted such a thin case.  But never in a million years did we think the maybe-victim was lying or malicious.  She was almost certainly assaulted by the scumbag defendant...there just wasn't any credible evidence.

I do think if the accuser recants or there's strong evidence the accuser is lying, then the accused should have some type of recourse.  But I think most rape cases that make it to a jury are just as questionable.  If there weren't a question, there wouldn't be a trial - either the perp would plead guilty or the prosecutor would say "You don't have enough evidence for a case.

But IMHO there are vanishingly few cases like the one in TFA wihere the accusers end up recanting everything.  If you automatically go after the accuser when the accusee is found not guilty, though, you'd end up with a massive chilling effect when it comes to prosecuting rape, and, by extension, other crimes.
No they should be jailed.
Yes, with high retroactive sentencing. But, rape is still a bigger issue.
Jailed!  Then sued.
It's a delicate issue. Rape had enough stigma already and making it more risky to accuse only heightens the issue. People who are blatantly lying or are intentionally falsely accusing should be punished, but we need to be able to conclude that without a reasonable doubt. Otherwise we risk punishing victims for speaking out, which is just as bad as punishing the falsely accused.
Tbh I think a death penalty would be good. Had it happen to a friend in a medium sized town, everyone still "knows him for it" even though he was proven innocent later on. In terms of justice, his ruined life for the life of his false accuser sounds like justice.
Or they should actually be raped

Edit - Not really sure why this got downvoted.
Alright folks I'm confused. Doesn't Obama want better background checks for guns?
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2015/nov/19/politifact-sheet-5-questions-about-syrian-refugees/

Before refugees face U.S. screening, they must get a referral from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (or occasionally a U.S. embassy or another NGO). The UN refers about 1 percent of refugees for resettlement through its own vetting process, which takes four to 10 months. During that process, UN officials decide if people actually qualify as refugees, if they require resettlement, and which country would accept them.

Once the cases are passed along to the United States, the refugees undergo security clearances. Their names, biographical information and fingerprints are run through federal terrorism and criminal databases. Meanwhile, the refugees are interviewed by Department of Homeland Security officials. If approved, they then undergo a medical screening, a match with sponsor agencies, "cultural orientation" classes and one final security clearance.

Syrian refugees in particular must clear one additional hurdle. Their documents are placed under extra scrutiny and cross-referenced with classified and unclassified information.

The process typically takes one to two years or longer and happens before a refugee ever gets onto American soil.
There should be background checks (regulations) on both!
Obama supports better background check for purchase. Law abiding citizens will continue to have no problem passing. 
Well one is over a year long and the other let Dylann Roof buy a gun and shoot up a church.
Gotta love them double standards.
heh.
Nice meme
What the fuck is going on in this sub right now.   Conservative views are being downvoted horribly and liberal ones are shooting to the top.
Of course, it doesn't align with his confiscation agenda. 
Eventually the courts will force you to hire someone with a criminal record...
One of those demographics doesn't vote for him, the other one does.
The Chinese don't, and won't, take any Sharia Law bullshit. 

Remember, you can't turn a whore into a housewife. 
Why don't we house them in the brand new FEMA Camps?

There's got to be a ton of shovel ready jobs protecting these refugees from an ISIS invasion of the FEMA Camps, plus they all have these huge fences to keep ISIS out. Those camps are perfect for this!
Those cities are empty because they were built without paying attention to anyone actually needing them.  There is no business or jobs in those cities to support anyone actually living there.  It'd be far more expensive to relocate people to one of these cities, since to create any type of actual society there you'd need to have long term government funding.
As an aside, I remember the cities themselves being a big thing a couple years ago.  There was some conspiracy about it, don't recall what.   Anywho, youtube has plenty of videos about them. 

Here's one that starts off with what you will think is Paris, but isn't:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpnoPhY1f70
What does China's space or shitty morals have to do with our morals? 
Yeah but they probably would not enjoy going to china lol.
[deleted]
There's no such thing as an unchosen positive obligation.
Those cities are empty because there is no water for them.
We don't owe the world a god damn thing.

Why does Obama think we have that obligation?

I know! He is a globalist that loathes America. 
That's a great idea. I say we ship #BLM there too
China doesn't give a shit about Syria, and neither do I.
If the shooter doesn't fit a certain profile, Obama and the left couldn't care less who gets shot.
"Mass Shooting"?  No deaths.   No suspects.   Boring.   
It's too bad that the black community does not understand that liberals couldn't care less about them or the violence in their communities.  They only care if the assailant is white or a hispanic that they can morp into a "white hispanic."

Of course they have the usual memorials filled with pictures and flowers.  They have the marches against violence.  And of course absolutely nothing changes.

If you do not have a community that respects the police and actually protects criminals rather than turning them in, you will always have violent ghettos.  
Thanks for pointing this out, I had not heard about it either. Doing some news searches I get some hits for the block party mass shooting on Sunday you are talking about as well as last Friday's attempted murder of the Tulane medical student. 

http://www.foxnews.com/us/2015/11/24/no-one-feels-safe-new-orleans-on-edge-after-shootings/

http://www.foxnews.com/us/2015/11/23/police-arrest-man-accused-shooting-tulane-medical-student/

Doing a google news search I see about 760 articles about the grad student shooting and about 1,900 articles about the block party mass shooting. So it would seem that these two instances of black-on-black crime and black-on-white crime are at least being reported on. 

[NOLO mass shooting article list](https://news.google.com/news/story?ncl=dKaLndwI5-VQ1OMSmqI3bOXpv_XXM&amp;q=New+Orleans&amp;lr=English&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiu9qyokqzJAhVKzmMKHfTiBAgQqgIILzAE)

ABC, Newsweek, NPR, WSJ, HuffPo, CNN, NYT posted articles.
This is because leftist leaders are following the Alinsky model, political nihilism.  

They don't actually care about the rights and wrongs of these events, they are just looking for those events that they can exploit to overturn the established order.  This one isn't useful.  This approach is right out of Alinsky, who was Obama's mentor and whose writings on bringing about revolution were the subject of Hillary's senior thesis at Wellesley.  No coincidence here.
Nothing to see here,  move along.  
BLACK LIVES MATTER!!

Wait, black on black crime?  Never mind. 
I will say that I have liberal friends in New Orleans, and some college grad students, they were super outraged, people who generally do not rant or post comments on social media sites, I was not informed about this as much by online media sources, but to a greater degree by people in the area. This is a case of media outlets purposefully ignoring this shooting.
Doesn't fit their political agenda so they don't care. It's not like these people actually care about anyones life, come on now. 
Holy crap.  A few days ago I was clearing out a bunch of uninteresting news stories from my Google Now feed and I saw the headline as I swiped it away. I thought, oh that's interesting, but it was already gone and I quickly checked a few different sites to see if there was anything else on it.  Nothing.  Even towards the end of the day I thought about it and checked again.  I had just assumed that I misread the headline because NOBODY was reporting anything on it.
Those shootings are very big news in the city. The mayor, who is a dem( he's not particularly liberal), compared it to domestic terrorism. Very very surprising, and I am interested on how this proceeds.  
Before even reading the details of the article, I knew that the shooter(s) was(were) black.
blacks killing blacks, which is much more prevalent, doesn't fit the agenda like a white killing a black. hell, where is all the outrage when a black kills a white? too common to be news worthy?
Doesn't advance the narrative. 

So since both sides had guns  and nobody died. Does this prove the point guns save lives?

I don't really see the media cover-up here. No one died ( sadly that's what it takes now). However when you compare the recent news cycle it's not going to get major coverage. 
I love a little snark with my morning coffee!
It wasn't a single crazy shooter killing innocent people for no reason. This is a gunfight between two groups of people breaking out in the middle of a crowd and 17 people being injured. Totally different situation.
so just let me get this straight....the liberal media only choose white or hispanic gunmen to make stories about? not black people? not black people, who have been thrown onto top of the media for crimes for hundreds of years...and now the liberals leave them off the front page for fear of being racist? I ve seen tons of articles and media reports of gun crime from all races, either from the police or towards them, on liberal or conservative media. This was not obviously politically motivated and not in a major US city (gun crime in new orleans or gary indiana is seriously under reported because it doesnt shock anyone as it happens everyday) and there were no deaths. yes it was serious and another hard hit for gun laws (not on liberal agenda anymore?...as well as prison system, poverty stricken area and welfare support for the most vulnerable/mentally ill, which are all relevant to this event) there is a littany of topics that liberals could exploit but maybe the Chicago story was just a bigger story...of course there is gerrymandering of the media on both sides but this sounds ridiculous. Thoughts go out to the families in the area, must be terryfing knowing this could happen at such an innocent community event.
What a fantastic article, goes through individuals who would almost always talk about this shit pushing their agenda, instead, nothing.
They hate miracles too. That dude is lucky to be alive. Apparently the gun jammed twice while the attacker was trying to execute him. 
ITT: BERNBrigade.
Basic economics seems to not be prevalent in many Sanders supporters, many of his policies will drive the country deeper into debt and leave Americans with no where else to go but the government for handouts. We are a country founded on principles which made us a beacon of hope for many people yearning for a fresh start.  By revoking capitalism in favor of an all inclusive welfare state has never worked and never will work.  Supporters of Bernie need to quit envisioning a Utopia and dream big and work for a better life for themselves and their families.
The nice thing about studying history is wondering if FDR was ridiculed for his '44 state of the union address in the same way and for the same reasons.
What do you guys think about trump's tax plan? 
This picture neglects to show "a pocket full of other peoples money" and a "lack of dignity and self respect."
To be fair, I don't think many of his supporters are old enough to have taken these classes yet.
Bernie's Red(dit) Guards would argue that they learned a lot about history like how the CIA created the Islamic Republic of Iran by overthrowing a communist demagogue in the 1950s.  No, I'm dead serious.  Bernie &amp; Friends are constantly whining about how the CIA overthrew communists in favor of anti-communist dictators.
But of course they still have an IPhone and designer jeans. Hypocrites
He drives me nuts....we've had a long 8 years time to put in a strong candidate that will shut ISIS down, get the economy strong again, Rubio!!!!
/r/RepublicanMemes would also enjoy this kind of content.
This doesn't have some important information, he's an [assistant professor at University of Missouri](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3338058/University-Missouri-Assistant-Professor-charged-violently-grabbing-14-year-old-relative-hair-dragging-school-not-wearing-hijab.html)
Well......throw him in jail I guess. 
ABCNews headline: Graduate Assistant Accused of Assaulting Teenager Over Hijab
Religion of Peace
This just in, conservative christian father beats daughter because she was wearing a skirt/dated a black man/had sex before marriage.

Likes seriosuly, do you people think that child abuse is only a big deal when other people do it?

Lets not forget the Christian fundamentalist who shot up a fucking planned parenthood.
If you're asking "why is this in /r/conservative" then I question your conservative credentials.  You obviously have a very superficial grasp on what it means to be a conservative.  It's much more than low taxes or defunding Planned Parenthood.  It's about standing athwart to the Leftist multi-cultis and shouting:  "No.  Western civilization, *is* superior and must be preserved."

Pretending that this story is not another brick in the wall of culture-clash incidents that have cropped up and shocked/disgusted the western majority in America and Europe in the past 30 years is nothing short of willful ignorance and intellectual dishonesty.  Take your pick, because you're one or the other.
Like a month before the Paris attacks he talked like terrorists infiltrating Europe was a ridiculous idea... he's a crock 
Since he joined HBO he became as ridiculous as Jon Stewart. 
This guy spews so much bullshit he drowns himself in it.
For what it's worth, he is insulting Rafael Correa, a virulently anti-American leftist Banana Republic dictator.

Not that this makes it any better, but it is worth noting.
John Oliver is cancer. Overused 'jokes', extreme conclusion jumping, and SHOUTING does not make a good argument. I stopped watching after the refugee segment.
To be fair, John Oliver *does* have a white penis.
His show is awful, and his "dumb", ridiculous remarks aren't dumb at all, he's intelligent in the sense of pushing his views and agenda without a care about his own hypocrisy.
Pretty sure John Oliver is basically the British version of Jon Stewart, except even more insanely biased to the left, and not quite as funny.
Folks in the public eye do not have the same privacy and harassment protections that "private" citizens do. It's a trade off for being famous. So there's that. 
Correa is a bigger asshole than Oliver so I don't really care
This is why would don't get your news from HBO or Comedy Central.  On one hand, they can pretend to be giving out the news, of course, adding in lame editorials for "comedy," and then when confronted, they'll be swearing up and down it's only for entertainment purposes.  This is a lie, and they well know it.  They propagating a message, knowing that plenty of people will watch it because its hip or cool.  This is why John Stewart was praised as some genius, while his ratings were only passable.  They were OK, nothing special.  He propagated the message, and people ate it up, and when he needed to, he hid behind the lie that it was a comedy show.

This is why people need to be extremely careful in where they get their information.  They need to consider what the source is, not simply accepting the message or even the comedic value.  You are what you put into yourself, and these fake news shows aren't even pretending not to spread the message of socialism, and those people who think it's fun to get their news from HBO or Comedy Central will eat it up without considering the consequences.
I'd give anything to break that snaggle-toothed Limey fucktard's jaw.
Politicians should be, by law, required to participate in all things the citizens must participate in
According to common core Obama has (1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 - 1 - 1 - 1) x 2/2 daughters
Do as I say, not as I do.
I exempted my daughter too. Homeschooling. Finally had enough of all the testing and we are much happier now. 
Anyone with a kid should be completely opposed to common core.  It's sick what they're doing to an entire generation.
Consider what the liberal elites would do if they were actually forced to live their lives by the same rules that they lay out for their lemmings.
Jon Stewart said he doesnt let his kids watch his show. He knows his show is garbo
Y'all got anymore of that oppression? 20 mill sounds delightful.
To be fair, he's protesting and going on hunger strike because he **feels** oppressed and ignored by the administration. And in true SJW fashion feelings &gt; reality.
In case yall missed last night....the same guy said the KKK was on campus. 

Clownshow by the tard the started everything. Made up false threat about the KKK. Just like the made up poop nazi symbol. 

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTghCLXUkAEaDeG.jpg:large

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTgiCHgWcAAJ1xC.jpg

This whole thing is fabricated and your dumbass administration caved into them. 

This generation has no real struggles or anything so they create them. They don't have the wars of the past generations to fight and protest. They don't have any real equality battles as bad as they want them so they have to make shit up to feel important. These 'claims' (being called the n word, the poop swastika, etc) are not backed by any proof, be it witnesses, pictures, recordings, etc. You got taken for a fool by some rich trust fund kid that wants to be the next Jesse Jackson. 
His major must be *Victimization Studies*.
It's like the ridiculous stories coming from this issue are unending
oh man, this is just too funny.  What a douche
Check your financial class privilege , shitlord!
Doesn't matter. His opinion is complete shit, regardless of his background.
Future democratic presidential nominee.
The governor should have sent in the state police to put this guy under involuntary psychiatric care. They could have force fed him through a tube and immediately put an end to his stupid little protest. He should have also stationed the national guard on campus to deal with the protests if things got violent. Of course, he could expel any student involved in violence. 

Keep in mind that the governor of Missouri who mishandled this situation, who failed to stand behind the university president, and who mismanaged Ferguson is... guess which party... 
I honestly am very curious as to how his father feels about this.


Worth 20 million, but his father made over 8 million last year?  What?
I agree. I really think it says something that Muslim countries don't want to accept Muslim refugees. And you cannot tell me a government like the UAE can't afford them, because that's a load of bullshit. 
I know people who would argue "But that's how we can influence them!", without realizing that this is exactly one of those times where that comes into play.
He could delete the preposition and I'd still agree with him
But they are...
[deleted]
I agree. Saudi Arabia and the other gulf countries must take in refugees.

Good idea. 
How 'bout no more arms sales ever.

EDIT: I mean to Middle Eastern countries.
Good luck selling that idea to senators with Boeing facilities or subcontractors in their states.
These conflicts are Lockheed Martin and the like's bread and butter. Everything is working out as intended
That's a little too real... *whimpering* ^^mommy
That wasn't hilarious. Who said this was hilarious? The very end of that was unnerving at best and horrifying at worst

Here is something else from their channel, pretty good https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XM-HJT8_esM

That was a fantastic way to expose the SJW culture by (slight) exaggeration, and was very well done.  

The way she screws her face up in sneering condescension is perfect.  

I'd post that on my Facebook, but it would "offend" too many people.  


I laughed but this would be so much more hilarious if I hadn't just literally watched college kids behaving this way, you should all be scared. 
[It's actually not too far from the truth... This girl would fit right in in that classroom.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3308422/Students-rage-professor-sent-email-telling-students-just-look-away-offended-Halloween-costumes.html)
[Posted by**man**oftheinbetween](http://i.imgur.com/lofhMiX.jpg).
Neel Kolhatkar, the main person in the video is quite a vocal left-winger here in Australia which is a shame because this video perfectly describes the SJW culture. 
That wasn't hilarious. That was genuinely creepy.
Give them all 'Bernie 2016' T-shirts and it could be a documentary.
Many SJW's died to bring us this video.
Hilarious, no.  Scary, Yes!
SUNSHINE!!!!!!
Oh my that was terrifying.
Brilliant
That Penelope girl...

My god, her face induces a rage in me that I never knew possible.  I wanna just shove her teeth down her throat.
There's enough room in liberal states to relocate them.  Bernie thinks we should welcome them so let's relocate them all to Vermont.  
I love it when democrats make it easy to figure out where I don't want to move to (or visit if possible).
Massachusetts already opposed it completely from the start, so add that to the list. THANK YOU CHARLIE BAKER.
Not all Muslims are terrorists therefore we must let in hundreds of thousands - liberal logic
In PA here. I'm a bit worried. 
Why not all 50?
I'm so sick of seeing the "give me your tired" poem and the "this is not syrian press release but about the holocaust" popping up on my Facebook Feed as well as all the bible verses saying we need to accept these refugees.  

There is no way we should be bringing in unchecked* refugees into the US when we KNOW ISIS is sneaking in the crowd as well.  We need to hold off on the mass acceptance until we can do a better job containing and vetting them.  I'm all for accepting them IF they are properly vetted...


Fuck my Connecticut ass
Fucking Jay Nixon. Sorry folks, I'll write a letter.
Not the idiot democrat governor of VA.  He's all for it.  Apparently, he failed geography in school or he would recall Virginia's proximity to D.C., which IS specifically spelled out as one of their high priority targets. 
Too bad it's up to the federal government.

However, when thinking about the legal framework, there is something state governments can do. They can, with a 2/3rds majority, call a continental convention on any matter.

Too bad that's not going to happen. I'm willing to bet I can predict what will though. 50-100 of the the refugees will be Isis and the minute they kill some people liberal logic will kick on and we will be talking about banning ar15s once again.
Governors should oppose refugee resettlement. Absolutely pathetic, since when did taking safety measures become so demonized.
The issue is a bit more cut and dry for me because I think we're loosing the bigger picture here. I haven't seen this thought posted much, so apologies if this is a rehash.  

Set aside for a moment the obvious issue of terrorists riding along with the refugee wave.  Western countries are looking to welcome in people, whom for the most part bring with them a culture which goes against everything we as westerners value.  

Freedom of speech, freedom of religion, treating women/minorities/gays/etc as equals and giving them equal rights.  The list goes on and on.    

I find it absolutely baffling that the US and Europe for that matter is not more afraid of their culture being harmed than that of a terrorist slipping through.  That in my opinion is the greater danger.  If you were to replace Syrian refugees with any sort of white Christian refugees with the same values liberals would be going livid that anyone with those values were being accepted into their societies.  

If terrorism is the seed which grows into a weed, then it's the culture of the Middle East, largely driven by Islam, which is the soil which causes it to grow.  Sadly there are normal rational people whom I'm sure wish to escape it, but the vast majority of them are reaping what they helped build.  Since there isn't any way to know one way or the other, we need to watch out for our own citizens first.
Utah agreed to take refugees... Don't feel good about that at all, but at least governor Herbert recognizes there's a lot of danger to housing them and is willing to keep a gun pointed at them. 
When I did a count it was 21 states, 261 electoral votes worth.  Anyone know the updated number of states?
Kentucky is at an interesting crossroads. Our outgoing governor supports the resettlement of refugees. However, our governor-elect is very likely to oppose. I am not certain if he has made a formal statement, although it would be surprising if he were to be in favor. 
This is kind of meaningless.  If one state takes refugees, all states have.  Unless you're going to believe in the 100% containment fairy, it's likely that at least some refugees will slip across state lines at some point.

All the states that don't want refugees need to blockade them from entering states that do.  Otherwise, this is just useless political posturing.
You know what? I'm Jewish and I say screw the ADL. I've had enough of their bullshit. When is the last time they stood up for American and Israel against the Muslims? Leftism is their god.
Gov. Hogan in MD continues to impress me. It amazes me that people like O'Malley even as an alternative to Bernie when our blue state swung red after he left and put his Lt Gov up for election..
Sadly, Hickenlooper isn't among the governors that should support them. Economically, Denver housing prices are through the roof and homelessness around Colorado is at an all time high. We can barely take in Americans as is, let alone Syrian refugees, unless they settle in Pueblo. Even then, there is a good chance they'll end up in Denver anyway. On top of all that, Colorado Springs in general is incredibly vulnerable to a potential Trojan Horse, whether it is already here or about to be a refugee, since ISIS basically wants everybody who lives there dead; especially certain individuals who happen to live there as well (individuals that I personally know). Islamic cultures strictly forbid even discussing the evil deeds of family; as seen in the case of Osama Bin Laden's son, so I can easily imagine a few cases involving those relations that would spark a terror attack. If there are more people from Syria, there is more risk.
They can oppose it all they want.  They have no power to do anything about it.
We need to continue to put pressure on these governors and congressmen. Many only assumed these positions after pressure, and left alone I believe they will return to mealy mouthed equivocation. 

Keep calling and writing, especially if you live in a blue state.
Missouri is safe except for the large cities

North Dakota governor is urging restricting refugees from the US but hasn't formally stated ND shouldn't allow them. I believe he's positioning this right now because they've (refugees) not been a part of the refugees that have been settled here in the past.
God I am so done with Kate Brown. She wasn't even elected governor. She was picked up when Kitzaber resigned. He ran full well knowing that he would resign amidst his scandal. Oregon voted for a governor and a Secretary of State, not 2 governors 
Ah. Sure is nice to see Michigan on this list.
Hogan, my man! 
Eh, whatever. Most of these refugees are not terrorists and I'm sure are thrilled to be here in the U.S. As long as they make an effort to assimilate to our culture and not treat all women like shit, I have no problem with them. Even though I don't own a gun, the 2nd Amendment makes me feel safer than I would in Europe. I mean look at what happened in Texas when terrorists tried shit, they were dead before they got out of their car. The states where attacks will most likely happen are super liberal and have strict gun laws, and that's also where the refugees will be going so...
I live in New Jersey and I honestly would be fine with taking in 500 or so. The process for obtaining any weapons here is so much different than how it is in other states where my family lives (FL, TX, GA) that I'm pretty sure it'd raise a million red flags if they tried to legally buy guns or anything. And you know the FBI would be watching them for anything suspicious besides that.

But the real reason I'd be fine with them here is that there are some absolute shitholes in this state that would benefit from an influx of people who are actually grateful and care about their community and hopefully eventually improve them. I'm thinking of parts of Trenton, Paterson, Camden. These are areas that no one in America would ever willingly move to but it'd be much better than Syria and they could probably do well there and build a rapport with the police and public employees in those areas.

I don't want us to get to Germany or Sweden numbers because I don't think they're being vetted properly but I think America can handle 10,000. Im concerned about ISIS but I don't think they try getting people in as refugees here in the USA. I'm very glad we have the Atlantic Ocean as a buffer from Europe right now though lol
&gt;I think we need to solve this problem one step at a time, you don't have to solve everything all at once, that is the fallacy of "comprehensive reform."  


&gt;We need to start with actually securing the borders. One of the nice things is, existing federal law is quite robust, if you look at federal law, it is federal law today that there should be 700 miles of double-layer fencing built along our southern border.  


&gt;The Obama administration has about 30 miles built. If I am elected president, we will build it. What is missing is the presidential will to get it done.

I agree... Build the damn fence already!
remember that Mexico deports more illegals (to their country) than the US does -- so why are we the bad guys?
Start fining businesses $10,000 per illegal and jail time for mangers who knowingly hire illegals (say 3 month per illegal).

That'll end it.

The workers are just doing what people will always do. Trying to find a way to earn more money than they can were they are from. Don't blame the people. Blame the employers.
/r/TedCruz
A fence is just a band aid on a wound that requires major surgery.
Why not set up a charity to build the wall?
Ted Cruz would be a great choice for president. I am more of a Donald Trump supporter, but he is a close second. He could easily be the next Ronald Reagan. 
Fair enough but what do we do with the ones that are here illegally? 
Cruz has a mind like a steel trap. I would love to see him as president taking on other world leaders. Cruz would get the job done holding up federal law and enforcing the borders. Most importantly to me he respects the Constitution. Without respect for our Constitution we will continue losing our freedoms as Americans (right to bear arms, freedom of speech, etc.) 'Murica!
I agree. Blocking refugees is immoral, but stopping illegal immigration is necessary to ensure there are enough taxpayers to ensure the country doesn't collapse. I am for making immigration easier or trying to make the application process take a shorter amount of time, but not just letting people in.

Things in parts of mexico are terrible, but not all of mexico is run by drug lords. There is no need to leave the country to escape the violence.
There's nothing compassionate about fueling international cartels through domestic prohibition but you do it anyways.  
I love seeing rand paul on /r/conservative.  Im a big time libertarian and i think he is by far the best candidate for president.  I wish fox news would give him more love.
Rand Paul and Ted Cruz have shot up to number 1 (cruz) and 2 (paul) for me. These are great men of action and are showing they are true leaders. These are the people we need in the Whitehouse.
An armed society is a polite society (*which can respond swiftly and with deadly force in the event of terrorism or mass violence and protect itself before the police and SWAT teams even get the 911 call*)
I live in Chicago and even we can carry anywhere in the state.  No lasers in Chicago though.
This is a great bit of legislation, which is probably why it'll fail. I'm a BIG fan of active duty military being allowed to carry and treating their CAC as their CCW permit. Makes total sense IMO. And allowing peopel to have weapons on federal land that's non-sensitive means they could in theory bring their CCW weapon with them to work so long as they leave it in the car or something like that. It also means having your weapon on you in a federal park won't get you sent to prison either. This is great for just about anyone who's a wilderness buff and wants to have something to protect them from an animal attack.
DC will never issue carry permits.
I really like Rand Paul as a candidate. I just wish he had Cruz's debate techniques.
How about letting DC decide? I'm very much of the opinion that since congress has literally no elected representatives from DC they have a duty to, when possible, defer to the DC city council.

If what DC is doing is anticonstitutional then sue them. If it isn't then convince residents of DC that their city should issue conceal weapons permits. Don't impose it on them.
This interview was so cringeworthy, and Neal Cavuto did not even do anything to "embarrass" her. Cavuto was kind and gentle throughout, but she couldn't respond to even the most basic questions. I would love to see her go on the O'Reilly Factor. 

The funniest part is at the end when they obviously cut her off and Neal claims that they "just lost her." Fox was doing all that they could to make this not a bloodbath. 
Everybody needs to watch this. This is the National Organizer for the Million Student March held today. This girl had absolutely no idea what she was talking about. Think about that for a second. They have no idea why college is expensive in the first place (guaranteed student loans via federal government, literally the exact corporate welfare they preach about despising, as well as inordinate administrative costs). Even when Cavuto gave her examples of past failed expansions of social services, and cited that the financial aspect alone is laughable, she just reverted back to broad generalities. These people are so far detached from reality. 

Also.......for fun... 

in the video, the girl claimed to have come from a very blue collar family who struggled to put her through college 

well...I looked her up and found her high school 

http://www.fwparker.org/Tuition 

these are the tuitions...
"There's always going to be a 1% in the US!"  

Of course, if we drive out the rich people there will always be more rich people to demand money from!  

Edit: Lol and he called her out on the obvious implications that if you are successful, this eventually becomes you. Especially as the 1%ers drop in value due to your forcing them out. 
It was like watching a JV kicker on a division 5 high school football team go against the entire New England Patriots team
She's flabbergasted. If you take all of the money from the 1%, you end up forgiving everyone's student debt, but now you have no more rich people. "That's a starting point".. and now we've gone full authoritarian socialism.
How much would the 1% need to be taxed?

"Enough to pay for it"
Nothing like a reality check on national TV.
The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money. -Margaret Thatcher
god we are sooooo fucked. This is our future right here.
she comes from a family of welfare recipients and is demanding even more free shit, all the while telling us that she already pays her fair share, and demanding that people who already pay almost half their income in taxes pay even more?

guarantee this chick is a redditor. 
Bwahaha... it figures
I can't wait to see the "love" I get on Facebook for sharing this. This is what I have been talking to some people about for ages. You can't tax your way into this kind of stuff.

It looked like she was going to start crying at some points. I can't believe that a leader of this march or whatever hasn't done the homework...well, maybe I'm not that surprised.

Can't wait for the libs to say cavuto was harassing her and was totally unfair and didn't have the facts straight.
  She got more education in that interview than her entire time spent on whatever bogus degree she has. 

Let's not forget the flip side, most liberals praise rich people like Bill Gates for giving away all of his wealth to causes like fighting diseases, full ride college scholarships, and many charities. So they would Rather take that money away from him and give it to the government? 
I really love Cavuto, very sensible, very down to earth, very polite. He's really good at his job and I love it.
Cavuto just thrashes her so calmly... I almost feel bad for her, she got thrown under the bus by her so called "million man organization".
**[Extremely relevant.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj3iNxZ8Dww)** 
Cavuto didn't embarrass her, she would have embarrassed herself, but she was so clueless she didn't even get that.
She and others like her think there's some Robin Hood that will just rob the rich and give to the poor and it will all be wonderful. But it's more complicated. Reminds me of the [Monty Python Dennis Moore sketch](http://youtu.be/qLkhx0eqK5w)
I could not finish the video... I was cringing and felt sad for her
This kid is "exhibit A" as to why until you marry; pay taxes, get a mortgage, raise children, and work 50+ hours per week, you should keep your stupid ideas confined within the walls of your dorm room.
30 million college students

20k for basic education.

Only 40% of these people actually go to college, so let's say about 50% are paid for, for those that don't go and those that cannot afford to go by go anyway.

300billion for free education.

It's about half the current defense budget. And that defense budget is already ridiculously full of unneeded funding for failed projects.

It's not unreasonable.
Even though I completely agree with him. I wish he didn't completely steam roll her. He clearly had way more experience than her. I wish he would have won but let her save face a little. 
I just hope they know that in the USA women are armed and we're not afraid to defend ourselves. Go ahead and hate women all you want, we're not going to allow ourselves to become victims. 
Sweden also has the strongest rape laws in the west. In addition, the way they classify crimes is completely different to the usa - it's based on how the crime was first reported, even if absolutely no rape occurred. 

"Unlike the majority of countries in Europe, crime data in Sweden are collected when the offence in question is first reported, at which point the classification may be unclear. In Sweden, once an act has been registered as rape, it retains this classification in the published crime statistics, even if later investigations indicate that no crime can be proven or if the offence must be given an alternative judicial classification."

and

"For example, if a woman says she has been raped by her husband every day during a year, the Swedish police may record more than 300 cases of rape. In many other countries only a single offence would be counted in such a situation."

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_in_Sweden#Statistical_factors


If i am not misstaken this is a rather bad statististic. First of all rape is rather broadly defined and secondly every instance of rape is reported as a separate crime. So for example if someone kidnapps you for a year and rapes you every day that would make 365 counts of rape. Thirdly rape is probably underreported in many countries whereass Sweden has worked hard att geting people to report rape and crimes like it.

Source: Am Swedish and have seen and discussed theese stats in school. This along with the fact that i have not noticed any rape gangs roaming the streets
Muhammad raped a 9 year old girl. Is this surprising?
This article again? Sweden is the "rape" capital because it defines rape extremely broadly. also Sweden doesn't have a particularly large population of Muslims. ~5% compared to Europe's average of 6%.
Some points. Sweden has always been immigration friendly. We haven't "opened our doors to muslim immigration" recently. They've "always" been open.
Seeing muslims as the problem here is wrong because of two reasons. First, while muslims are more likely to rape than ethnic swedes, they're too large a group with vastly different cultures.
Muslims from well functioning first world countries are different from muslims from many third world countries. This is like saying men are more likely to rape than women. While it's true, we can't blame men as the percentage that rapes is tiny in comparison to the majority who don't rape.
Secondly I'd like to point to a subject that /u/karatelenin made. We have a different view on rape than you. Here, many actions that wouldn't be called rape in the U.S., are reported as such. I'm not saying this is good, as it weakens the word rape. I believe there is a huge difference between running up to a woman you don't know in the forest and forcing yourself on her while she screams for you to stop compared to initiating intercourse with your girlfriend while she is asleep. While both are wrong, in Sweden both the former and latter are defined as rape.
&gt; So for example if someone kidnapps you for a year and rapes you every day that would make 365 counts of rape. 

H/T /u/karatelenin

This should give any reasonable, non-feminist/ally pause. Rape statistics are as politizied as climate change data, if not moreso. They should be taken with a grain of salt and verifed as an automatic response.

With that said, maybe Sweden is the rape capital, and maybe Muslims are the cause of that. However, because rape statistics are generally bullshit (as most of you should know by now for fucks sake) borrowing feminist/ally talking points to bash Muslims is equivlent to a snake eating its own tail. To use these statistics is to lend a lot of credibility to them, when they are questionable at best. Good luck arguing against these statistics when they are thrown back at you next week.

There are plenty of angles to criticize Muslims from, its probably better to not to play feminist to do so. Unless of course, you are a feminist/ally which I am aware a lot of conservatives are at the end of the day.
&gt;Muslim immigrants from North Africa were 23 times more likely to commit rape than Swedish men

Maybe it's just me, but it always ends up being the North African Muslims that are more prone to shit like this.
Swedenstan has also become very [anti-Israel (and antisemitic)](http://www.breitbart.com/london/2015/11/17/appallingly-impudent-israel-challenges-sweden-paris-attack-comments/) in recent years.  Coincidence?  I think not.
It's only rape if they actually believed and followed the laws of the country. Sharia Law trumps ALL!!!!!

sadly, people don't understand that those who believe in and follow Sharia law see all other laws made by man as not only wrong and don't have to follow them, but are an afront to their religion and god. 


Well, Sweden has for many decades occupied the high ground on anti-racism and diversity -- they were a leading nation in the anti-apartheid movement, and helped forced South Africa become a diverse democracy with multiculturalism.  Now, I think, Sweden should practice what they preached to other peoples, and help their own oppressed minorities in Sweden, and not accuse them of being rapists.
I hope you know the Muslim immigration in Europe, and the ones we have in the United States are ridiculously different. 
Don't worry guys, it's all fear mongering and there is nothing to worry about! /s
Seriously. And Ted Cruz is on point when he says that we need to be calling this "radical Islamic terrorism." The fact that Obama refuses to call it for what it is doesn't help. The moment somebody says "Islamic" they suddenly risk being labeled Islamophobic. The problem is that all of the attackers and organizations are claiming the name of Allah, so what else are we supposed to call it? I doubt people would hesitate to call something Evangelical Terrorism (or something like that) if Christians were running around blowing people up in the name of Jesus, but that isn't too common considering they worship the God who said "love your enemies, pray for those that persecute you." 
It goes:

1. Liberty

2. Security

3. Empathy

Not that hard, Barry O.
Obama wants American citizens to needlessly die to prove how "tolerant" he is. 
When the next Muslim terrorist attack happens, they will use it as an excuse to go after gun owners. The enemy is already pushing the "all gun owners are racist" meme, and Obama wants his allies in ISIS to have easy targets, not gun owners that will fight back.  
&gt; I really want to believe that Islam is the religion of peace. I really do. But it’s hard to do when there is not overwhelming condemnation of the terrorist attacks from the majority of Muslims.

It's hard to believe they are all about peace when Turks [boo and chant 'Allahu Akbar'](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-3322708/Turkey-supporters-boo-minute-s-silence-victims-Paris-attacks-prior-team-s-friendly-against-Greece-Istanbul.html) during a one minute commemorative silence.  The solidarity gesture, held before a Turk-Greek national soccer match, was intended to show France support following the Paris attacks.   

It's hardly the only thing which calls into question some/a lot/many Muslims' sincerity about eliminating terrorism.  
Obama has never let the sacrifice of others to help him meet his political objectives be a deterrent to his actions.  There is no sacrifice to great for others to bear to help him meet his political objectives.  How many lives have been lost as a result of his arrogant incompetence?
Yet, Obama wants to take Americans rights to own a gun, because of a few bad people. That's fear mongering.
He finally brought it in a debate.
I wish he was being better received.  He's a really good candidate (the best?) with a long history of voting/filibustering over things that really matter.  I've always said, he's like his dad minus the crazy.
He KILLED it! Rand is the only potential nominee who *actually* cares about liberty and small government. To see him not bat an eye while calling Trump on his pandering (and to do it so clearly and concisely) was so satisfying. He seems to be picking up a little better attitude from the liberal media (I've seen positive things about him in Vanity Fair, Huffington Post, and the NY Times recently) due to his libertarian positions overlapping with liberal sensibilities on civil rights. If that continues, he could easily become the most electable candidate.
Finally Rand. Finally. I have been talking you up to everyone I know only to watch your mediocre national performances. About time you brought it
Paul actually seems like the most reasonable and intelligent candidate on most of the issues.
i hope this is the start of him gaining ground. rand is the best bet up there..
He filibustered the commercial, go Paul!
Rand is by far the best choice (IMO) for president.  I like Carson but the man has zero political experience.
Can you call yourself fiscally conservative and be liberal on military spending? Short answer: nope!
Still looking for a video. :-/
Please republicans, get this guy to the top. He's the only one I think who is capable of saving your party full of nuts. 
I think Trump's criticism of the TPP not discussing currency manipulation is more geared towards what the signatories are going to do about China's currency manipulation, not mistakenly assuming that China was part of the treaty...
Anyone have a video? Why would Vanity Fair right an entire article describing in detail what happened but not linking to a video?
[deleted]
Personally, I just don't like his public statements that are continually dividing Americans.  Especially the ones that involve issues that no president should be giving statements on.
For I second I thought I was still in /r/politics and I was proud they realized this.
http://i.imgur.com/6FlbFTm.jpg
This seems a tad hyperbolic right? 
Im 53 and in my lifetime I have never witnessed a president who acts so contemptuously toward other Americans. The conference in Turkey the other day was a great example, trashing other Americans while saying virtually nothing about people who just slaughtered 129 people.
But wait, I thought he was a jedi master running circles around Putin...
Important historical figures often acquire monikers that describe them for future generations to remember; for example, Alexander 'the Great,' William 'the Conqueror,' or Richard 'the Lionheart.'  

Sometimes, they are not so flattering, like the last Catholic king of Ireland, who cowardly fled from battle, is still known today as King James '*the Shit.*'

What do you think Obama's moniker will be, as future generations remember him like Nero fiddling while Rome burns.
This web page only has two quotes from the historian, where's the rest of the interview? 

Also, these quotes don't criticize any policy, he just claims that Reagan would do better. 
No he won't. His legacy definitely will be protected and everything that was wrong with his presidency will be blamed on Bush. The idea that most historians won't protect him is insane. Non-politically active people will only know him and his presidency as FIRST BLACK PRESIDENT OMG OMG OMG GREAT SPEAKER OMG SO INSPIRING. none of his divisive rhetoric will come out
I find this a bit overblown. Sure, he did not live up to his promises and there have been many missteps, but I wouldn't say he's one of the worst. That being said, he does leave a legacy of increased racial tensions, which is both sad and ironic. 
I'm not sure "worst, most divisive, most shallow, most foolish" go far enough really.

When he lets Jarrett's "narrative" steer foreign policy, even when it is against our own interests, like we see with Benghazi and Libya and Putin and Radical Islam and on and on, plus all the Machiavellian use of Federal agencies to damage his ordinary citizen opposition, those words just don't seem strong enough.

I am open to suggestions however...
Making jimmy the "peanut" carter look good since he was elected.
The historian has to be correct. Serious question though, my parents have consistently compared the negative attitudes and political climate that the Obama administration has created to be similar to how things were when Carter was in office. I was not around during Carter so I was wondering if anyone can support what my parents had said. Is the general attitude and negativity that is festering under Obama similar to how it was during the Carter years?
No.  Fucking.  Shit
Has there ever been a U.S. president that the media and academia will blindly prop up regardless of how fucking embarrassingly awful they've been? The thing that comes to mind is race, which liberals own like the Dixie Plantations, so I guess textbooks will praise him like Allah.  
Obama's playing the long game. Flood America with illegal aliens. Most will grow up in poverty and vote democrat. Accuse "RACISM!!" when conservatives argue that illegal immigration is terrible for Americans and for the country - or any country on earth.
[deleted]
And when did Illegal Immigrant or Refugee start being racism? 
Agreed. This is just basic stuff though. It's sad that Cruz has to say things so fundamentally simple (because the vast majority of Americans seem to be too god damn stupid to grasp it) rather than use his smarts to drop some real logic bombs on us. And by all accounts, he is one of the smartest candidates we've seen in a while. 

IMO, Cruz saying these things is the equivalent to having to teach a college-aged person the multiplication table, rather than the calculus they should be learning. 
As Mark Levin said, if you say you're going to radically transform this country, that means you don't love your country.

Would you approach your family and say "My number one goal is to radically transform you all"!? 

Obama hates America and what we stand for.
I think every non-liberal knew *exactly* what he meant by "transform" during his campaign.
Thank you Ted Cruz for telling it like it is! Amnesty for illegals is why I don't support Rubio like I do Cruz. 
*****
* **[Donate $ to Ted Cruz here](https://www.tedcruz.org/donate/)**

And/or use this:  

* **[#CRUZCROWD - Crowdfunding Platform](https://www.cruzcrowd.com)**


*****

Subreddit:  

* **/r/TedCruz**

******
Honest question - How is Obama "allowing" millions of people to come to the US illegally? What is he doing differently then prior presidents?
I'm getting absolutely sick of this bullshit. And did you see at the end, these self righteous asshats want a professor to resign because he didn't cancel an exam during the controversy. Fuck these people man, they just want to get their whiny ass way, and just want to complain and complain and do not so what they are paying to do,
Looks like we're going to need to stock up on some brown shirts.
i wish someone would just kick their asses. then expel them from school. these are the dumbest people i've ever seen and when they get out and try to work, life is going to "pimp-slap" into reality.
Nascent fascism...
The always tolerant left strikes again!
To liberals, free speech is only free and a right if it agrees with their opinions and goals. Otherwise it needs to be silenced.
C'mon on now, we all know that free speech doesn't apply to any of us.
It's election season.  Time to whip up the infinite socialist fury of the coddled precious snowflakes attending universities in the richest country in the world.  
  
Triggers, microaggressions, privilege, safe spaces, etc are just the latest made-up academia code words for Hate Conservatives And Vote Democrat.  

This will all die down after elections.  Until then, revel (or despair, I've done both) in the clown show, but know who's pulling the strings:  The Democrats, who have taken over most universities and K-12 public schools.  It's so odd that conservatives just cede education to these mass brainwashers.  Oh well.  
This is what happens when colleges let unqualified students in just to promote "diversity". This is even more ridiculous when you realize that it's happening at Yale. Fucking YALE. With a below ten percent acceptance rate. These students should represent the best of the best, courageous, critically-thinking individuals who are able to identify REAL issues and deal with them in an effective way. Not these wannabe MLKs. 

Martin Luther King would be ashamed.
As someone with two Yale degrees, these people are an embarrassment to my alma mater.  Alumni like me are looking for President Salovey to come out with a strong statement in support of free, open debate and respect towards others with different perspectives.  The behavior indicated in the article will not be tolerated, certainly by most alumni.  It is just rude.
Modern day [Red Guard](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Guards_(China) is what they are. 
That's battery, plain and simple. 
Who else is wondering how many of them have substandard intellects and only got in with their "bonus" points?
Savages

Civil claims for assault and battery right there. Fuckers are probably judgment-proof though.
You don't have to say both Yale and Leftist - It's redundant. That entire University is a bunch of left wing bullshit. It's a University of 'prestigious' and pretentious morons who attend because of family legacy. Everyone goes for Economics and Political Science and then goes to Americorps or teach in Cambodia. Bunch of kids that don't understand they already come from wealth and are only doing harm to themselves. They like to complain about shit they don't fully understand and back their arguments with facts they've likely pulled from other left wing idiots that haven't done math or research.
You people should love these idiots I use to consider myself a liberal but these losers on the left have basically driven people like me so much farther to the right I cringe at the thought of progressivism and the politicians who fish in those circles.  
They could be good mates with ISIS. 

Cultural Marxists spit on Rational Human Beings at Indoctrination Center is how I read the title. 
These are the "bright minds" that want to lead my generation?  REALLY?

Fuck this.  
I want to know how many of these dimwits came from parents who refused to spank them.  
Why are so many young people against free speech? I don't understand. What is happening? What did I miss? When did this become a bad thing? 
Apparently the subject of the meeting was lost on them.
Next they will be throwing stones and [molotvos](http://www.frontpagemag.com/sites/default/files/uploads/2014/11/ferguson-rioter-tear-gas-AP.jpg), and then they will start [stabbing people](https://i.imgur.com/NUZ3cSi.jpg).

And [Then](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/13/world/middleeast/lebanon-explosions-southern-beirut-hezbollah.html?_r=0)
So will addressing climate change fix Mass Shootings too?
Let's say 130 people died in the Paris attacks.  France's firearm homicide rate is .22 per 100,000.  the US's is 3.55, for a difference of 3.33 per 100,000.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate

With a population of 66 million, that would be an additional 2200 firearm homicides in France, per year, or about 17 Paris attacks a year, which would be one every three weeks.  I think it's obvious that the US and France are not comparable by this metric.
To the obvious liberals posting here: it's not the facts of the statement that's the big problem it's that he's the first president to take domestic disputes on the road with him in foreign countries in such a public way. He's broken down all the rules of political civility and we're left with the most polarized country we've been since maybe Reconstruction. He's the total antithesis of what he sold the country in 2008 and we can't afford another politician like him.
Did you know that the number one article on the Chinese state news website today was on how Obama is going to take guns away from Americans?  Go figure...
[Proof](http://www.defense.gov/News-Article-View/Article/617702/carter-honors-3-who-stopped-gunman-on-paris-bound-train) that a mass shooting didn't happen in France!

Just ignore the Charlie Hebdo incident prior and the Paris incident after and he's right, I guess.
This is great, thank you OP I needed that laugh today. 
Canadian here. He's right. You guys are completely misrepresenting the point he is making. Sure, mass shootings happen elsewhere but not on the level of frequency they do in America. That's the point he's making. Up here in Canada we still have our guns and yet we have regulations on our weapons to make it harder for retards to get them... I don't know why you peeps always correlate "regulation" with "take our guns away" because thats just an ignorant backlash to common sense. Let me be clear: I love my guns. Let me also be clear: just because some of you nay be responsible enough with your weapons so as to not need regulations, doesn't mean everyone in your country is responsible. 


[deleted]
1. A terrorist attack is something entirely different to somebody shooting up a school, campus or theatre as a way of paying it back to society.

2. Obama didn't say that they never happen anywhere else, but that it's not as big of a problem in other major countries as it is in the US, which is true. 

Why it's a bigger problem in the US is an entirely different issue and everyone has their opinion on it. But these kind of arguments rather hurt your cause.
Posts from the 'i.imgur.com' domain require moderation. Please be patient as we review. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
To be fair, when a shooting happens in France, everyone shits baguettes.
They don't actually. A lot of mass shootings happen in the US, and a lot of murders as well. US actually leads in these things. 
The best thing about Trump is that he took mainstream media attention away from Cruz. The attacks will come, but it's already too late. GO CRUZ!!
Isn't it about time for the state run media to start referring to Cruz as a "white hispanic."

They need to start conditioning minorities as to why it's in their best interest to vote for an old blatant liar white woman.
Could you imagine Ted Cruz vs Hillary Clinton on a debate stage? There's no question you can ask Ted Cruz that he doesn't already know a great answer for. 
All the candidates are playing checkers except for Cruz, he's playing chess.

Cruzin' for a bruisin'
This makes me very happy to hear. Cruz would make a fantastic president.
Ted Cruz is going to destroy the democrats candidate if he gets to the general
The cream is slowly rising to the top. 
Go ted!
He's just the smartest guy in the room no matter where he is. 
There is also a Quinnipiac poll just released:

**[Cruz now breathing down Donald Trump's neck in Iowa -- Donald Trump has company on the Iowa GOP presidential podium, as Sen. Ted Cruz has moved within the margin of error at the top of a new Quinnipiac University poll released Tuesday.](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/261154-poll-cruz-breathing-down-trumps-neck-in-iowa)**
I love Dr. Carson, but Cruz is meant to be our nominee. Who would you like to see as his running mate? I think he and Rubio would be a killer combo
Trump/Cruz or Cruz/Trump 2016

Will even smash a Hillary/Sanders ticket
Cruz has the best chance to win the general. He's a principled conservative who I can't see magically shifting towards the center if he gets nominated. Moderate republicans (ie. Romney, McCain) are easy to beat; if Cruz sticks to his gameplan he'll have a real shot at beating Hillary. 

Of course, I'm thinking way ahead. One step at a time.
I'm not excited about Ted Cruz because of his H1B maneuverings.  He wanted to increase the number of H1Bs from the tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands.  I think Ted Cruz is a master salesman (he is always the best in debates), but I'm not convinced he works for Joe Conservative. Ted's track record shows signs that he'd be weak on immigration.

On a positive note, I like him better than Carson though.  Cruz is high on my list but he's not #1.


I'm just glad Carson is dropping in the polls...
Holy shit this made me laugh. I mean a few make me chuckle, but this made me laugh. I would love to post this on Facebook, but I just don't want to deal with the fallout. 
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/tGhMAVB.jpg)
Is this referring to any specific event?
I think that they don't want to frame this as a holy war, which may have something to do with refusing to use that label. Daesh and Al Qaeda before them, really any Islamic terrorist group, are trying and want to frame these attacks as part of some holy war. That's why people are willing to strap explosives to their chests. 

The best thing to do it to deny them what they want. We can fight them but on our end it needs to remain secular. I agree that the greater community of peaceful Muslims should push back, that's where it needs to be framed in the terms of religion. My opinion on it but I think that that's why they don't want to use that rhetoric. 
Whoops...
How to win the white house

Step 1: Pound a beat on foreign policy

Step 2: Win White house

Step 3: Ask "what would Obama decide?" and do the opposite.
Not only that, he's [increasing and accelerating](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/syria-refugees-u-s-centres-1.3308576) the admission of Syrian refugees.

It's so sad and pathetic that this sub is the only one on Reddit where you can be critical of the left and the leftist policies and leadership that got us to where we are today. Everywhere else, it's just talk about how we should replace the American flag on the White House with the French flag for a few days and analysis of how cool it is that some towers turned French colors. You know, hashtag movements type crap. Worthless, but it makes them feel good. 
I'm fairly confident ISIS is contained on Earth. 
He's like Nero without the fiddle 
Our President is a joke.
So is this like the Charlie Hedbo thing, or is it simply too big for Obama to show zero leadership by basically completely ignoring it? 
Paris attacks aside, what the hell is this idiot talking about? We? What we?

Russia kicked your impotent incompetant ass out of the way in Syria because you weren't doing anything about isis.  So there's no containment and there is no 'we'.

Do we seriously have to suffer 14 more months of this retard?
How the democrats fight bloodthirsty Islamic terrorists...... Pretty colored lights on buildings and protest signs on the streets.
Uh-oh, spaghetti-os.
timing is everything!

To stupid for words, and yet the Left still idealizes him. 
"Nothing to do with Islam"

"Religion of Peace!"

"This is ISIS trying to divide and conquer! Don't give in to hate!"

"Making Europe more multicultural is the solution" 

Prepare to here those words shouted by the media and the left over and over again until they become true.  
Yeah but what about 'ISIL'
2 attacks outside of Syria/Iraq..... Just sayin'
This man is evil
Why isn't he taking matters like this seriously? 
Was there a confirmation that the attack was committed by ISIS? That would be horrifying news...
ISIS is contained. We are positive that they are contained to the planet earth. All is well, rest easily, citizens. 
The only way to prevent terrorist attacks is to be NAZI style cruel and it will never happen.  It would need to involve a massive war front, internment camps, eradication, and many civilian casualties.
I think the odds are at least 50/50 ABC edits that part out when this airs tomorrow.
what a fucking clown 
This event collapses every liberal bubble:


P.C.

Women and children are not dangerous

Immigration, visas

Gun control

Government workers

Environmentalism

Islam

Radicalism

ISIS

"Cops are the bad guys"

Safe spaces

Profiling

Foreign policy

Domestic policy

They should just disband the Democratic Party now, save their pride if nothing else.
Let's get some liberal posters on here talking about how he wasn't a "true" liberal, or that he was only calling himself a liberal. Yet when the media declares it was some "right winger" doing a mass shooting, there is no questioning that label whatsoever. To this day I think there are still some folks on the left that think that Ted Kaczynski was a right winger. 
Of course he was liberal. Did anyone doubt this?
So when is Feinstein going to suggest banning liberals from buying guns?
North Koreans are liberals too. They are the end result if you take left wing policies of having the government do more and take more of our personal freedoms all the way through natural progression.
The only gun control that would work would be to do a registered voter check and ban on democrats from owning firearms. That and muslims.

99% of the mass shootings have been committed by deranged lefties, which is why they always carelessly speculate about it being a middle-aged white christian before they know the facts.
But there is no such thing a a left wing mass shooter. /s
I love this. 

This whole thread is based on a dating profile made 6 years ago from a man describing himself as very liberal while also insisting anyone he dates has to wear a hijab. 

The man pledged his allegiance to ISIS, he did not have liberal views even if he described himself as one.
ITT: Liberals are terrorists
Notice how the major subreddits aren't even talking about the shooting anymore? Hell, even 4 hours after the shooting they hush hushed after details were released about the shooters potentially being terrorists
Just waiting for the front page post now on /r/politics "Shooter was a liberal terrorist". Im sure /r/politics will deliver...
Serious question...

Since when is "Good Muslim, looking for a girl who has the same outlook, wear hijab." and “very religious” considered liberal?

Isn't being a "good muslim" and being "Very religious" by definition conservative traits?

Am I just completely misunderstanding what being conservative means?
so crucifying children not converting to Islam or lining 200 kids up and gunning them down for similar reasons or putting Christians in a cage and submerging and filming them drown or the countless other atrocities is good for the community?
[deleted]
[WE DID IT /R/CONSERVATIVE](http://www.dankimmelstaterep.org/2015/11/evil/)
Probably believes the GOP is evil, though. Totally brainwashed.
Lol what a dumbfuck
Okay, let's dissect this. 

&gt; ISIS isn't necessarily evil.

What dictionary are you actively using? I would like a copy of it. ISIS is evil. In fact they are beheading people who are gay because they are gay. 

&gt; It is made up of people doing what they think is best for their community.

ISIS doesn't operate under the idea of a community. They want to establish a caliphate. Anyone who doesn't agree with them is seen as an enemy. And thus, dealt with.

&gt; Violence is not the answer, though.

Then please elaborate on what France should do. Should we just leave the cowards to do what they please? Under what consequences should ISIS face?
or plays one on the internet.
I believe this guy dropped out.
What villain believes they're the bad guy?
All of ISIS could drop dead right now and the world would be a better place.

Unfortunately it won't happen that way, so we need to kill or cage each of these fuckers, until any would-be members decide the loss of life/freedom/possessions/dignity isn't worth trying to force the world under radical islam.

ISIS sure as shit isn't improving the general quality of life in the middle east, even if it makes "community" of muslims with twisted morals happy.

There are liberals, and then there are idiots who don't understand anything, who think that accepting everything under the guise of being a liberal makes them "intelligent" and "nuanced".
So sad. Liberals are sad. "Progressives"  are sad. 

And they're too blind to see it. 
By their own logic then the KKK aren't evil since they're just a group of people trying to do what's best for their community. 
The word community being used in the loosest possible sense.
This is moral relativism at its best, something the left has been pushing since the 60s. When there is no right or wrong, are they?
And people wonder why I left the Democratic Party (especially the socialist Minnesota DFL). Disgusting.
Its because of liberals that 11.13.15 Paris happended. 


Liberals have no objective measure for right and wrong.

couldn't the same argument be applied to extreme pro-life groups that bomb abortion clinics?  
Here's some context to the tweet. 

http://m.nydailynews.com/news/politics/minn-house-candidate-defends-isis-drops-campaign-article-1.2435671
I guess the liberal concept of judging an organization by its intentions rather than by the results they produce extends out of their opinions of the policies that they pass into law.

Unbelievable. 
Isn't this an example of 'hate the sin, not the sinner"?
Nope you're fucking wrong, not up for opinion. Destroy them.
It's just the shitty attitude to anyone who's views obstruct his political narrative. If you don't agree with his ultra progressive "fundamental change" you're just a racist, anti-American, or you're just playing "political games" give me a break Obama, you act like we're just heartless bastards who hate all Muslims. And the thing is, he truly believes that.
The safety of your family? "That's not who we are!"
They're not all dangerous, most of the refugees are trying to escape terrorists so that they can protect *their* families. We would save more innocent lives if we properly vet and accept qualifying refugees than if we turned them away to continue living in the hell that is the ISIS regime. 

I know that doesn't fit the typical conservative narrative, but I think being rational and considering the effects of not accepting the refugees would have is more important than my karma. 
Seriously between this and trying to take away my right to own a gun libtards are insane!
I thought that's what the guns were for?
Fucking coward!







/s
In the r / atheism thread, somebody calls Milo the "Uncle Tom of the gay community".
Very good points he's made here. I think it's interesting that the gay community is so accepted at this point that they can be pissed off at the left. I know the millennial generation has long since heard "I'm Gay" and replied with "So what?" and that's a good thing. I for one welcome the gay community to the fold. I'm no social conservative however and know from first hand experience this is a hot button topic for a lot of them. Thankfully, in my opinion, most of the social conservatives tend to be a much older crowd. 

More to the point of this article, the immigration of radicals who do not share liberty minded ideals presents a danger to all liberty loving people everywhere. I genuinely hope that logic and love of freedom takes over the passion of the zealots that are igniting fear throughout the developed world.
The gay community represents a major untapped source of conservative voters.
The next couple of years will truly be interesting. The spread of Islam should concern us all.
As he should be.  As we all should be.


The worst part is that most gays don't realize they will be the first ones that are killed if these Muslims take over.
well, after the gays, everybody else is next.  die now, die later, but die
This is interesting in that some liberals can actually recognize "and first they came for....."

Along with some gays figuring it out, consider Bill Maher and other liberal jews.  They embrace all the liberal insanity except when it comes to the regime's view of islamic terror.  They also know that they would be in that special group who will be the prime victims of the islamic religious nuts.
I've never seen the left adamantly defend a group of homophobes like this before...
What I find ironic is that some people get their panties in a knot because someone won't bake them a cake for their gay "wedding" (and it should be noted that in at least one of these cases, the business owner is friends with the person and has done business with him on several other occasions).  
I like his articles but he is wrongly assuming progressives can be reasoned with. They have completely drank the Koolaid and have no personalities of their own. 

*Sorry if that sounds intolerant, but remember women and gays aren’t just treated like shit by ISIS, but mainstream Muslim culture, too.*

If the way moderate Muslims treat both women and homosexuals has not received an outcry from the left why does he think the way ISIS treats them will move progressives?
As well it should. These guys will ass rape you and then murder you for being gay.
Milo is on point as usual.
All opinions aside, I really like this writer, Milo Yiannopoulos. He's great with the one-liners. 

I gotta go look up more stuff to read. 
The amusing thing is that the only reason gay rights exist at all is because of a) the moral framework provided by Christianity and by extension Western Civilization and b) the extreme tolerance of Christians in general. All human rights derive from Christian culture. Of course, the secular left have used and abused Christian toleration, and Islam is filling the moral vaccuum with extreme prejudice. 
I have been baffled how liberals or any minority group could get behind anything protecting Islam. Yes, if you cut all the laws down to pursue something evil, when evil finally turns on you there will be nothing to protect you. But what if we just never let them in? Yes, there are wonderful people everywhere, but can we really afford to let people in because they said in an interview they are a good person?
For me, if I ever found myself in the position of those poor people in Syria, I would go to a country with similar values and views. 
It's a very lonely place when your handlers sell you out in the name of....jeez I can't even think of how accepting the Syrian refugees can benefit the Democrats. I can see the easily found selfish ulterior motive they have in pretty much every other idiotic idea they have but this might actually just be a dumb idea for the sake of a dumb idea. 

"The enemy of my enemy is my friend". Watch the leftists turn and attack the right for every evil act these terrorists commit after they sneak in to the country. Every time a person guns down one of those bigoted soldiers on defense of the lives of the innocent watch them defend the "right" of the terrorists to self expression or something equally retarded. It's gonna get to the point where even NBC and the leftist of the left commentators are going to be spouting nosebleeds every five minutes cause of the massive cognitive dissonance. 
It should.
Oh, are you being swamped, do you not want your "come in everyone!" Policy anymore. Are they finally realizing that they have a problem, they simply can't contain and hold this many people.
Maybe they are getting tired of all the rape?

http://www.breitbart.com/london/2015/10/06/europes-rape-epidemic-western-women-will-be-sacrificed-at-the-alter-of-mass-migration/
Wow, Liberals turning in on Sweden, what a time to be alive
As a swede, I think I can shed some light on the situation. The woman crying is Åsa Romson who is the leader of the socialist green party. She is completely insane, on the evening of the Paris attacks she tweeted that the attack would be a problem for the european meeting on climate change in December. And she has compared the death of asylum seekers in the Mediterranean with the extinction of jews under WW2. This decison is about 10 years late, already this year 150 000 asylum seekers have come which is as many people that lives in Sweden's fifth largest city. Ninety plus percent of immigrants in Sweden have no documents at all when they come and Americans think ten thousand Syrians are a problem. I hope this answers some questions about Sweden. I am happy to answer any questions about Sweden to my ability.
Does this mean Bernie Sanders will come out against letting them in the US now??
Well I mean when they're going around gang raping Swedish women it's no surprise they need a "respite." 
It's only racist when Republicans do it.
Now this is a Scandonavian policy I can support!
It's already too late for Sweden.

The ethnogenocide, economic distress, and criminal legacy is just beginning.
They already let them in...damage done.
Man, the propaganda was thick on that video. All biased. If you don't support open doors then you are a racist. 
It only took the rape rate to increase by 1000%
Jesus Christ. Holyyyyyy balls. How absolutely fucking weak and pathetic do you have to be to CRY at a policy news briefing? God damn Sweden, what in the FUCK happened to you? No wonder the Muslims are coming to colonize you. Your own pathetic leaders just absolutely STINK of weakness. 

&gt;Since the imposition of border controls on 12 November, the average number of asylum seekers has fallen from 1,507 per day to 1,222, according to immigration officials

Oh well, problem solved then. /S


Too late,  they've let in so many it'll only take 10 years
Did you even read the article or is your only purpose of commenting to find a way to twist this and make it about Bernie Sanders? The article is about them having to adjust their policy because they are finding it difficult to keep up the resources and housing for the 190k of refugees that they have let it in the last year,  they haven't changed their stance and still support the idea of helping refugees. 
When there's a mass shooting from a non-Muslim, Obama acts tough. When it was a shooting committed by a Muslim, he's apologetic. 
Even Chamberlain could say "Nazi".

This blind spot is what defines Obama, and is what he'll be known for in history.
You could feel Obama hoping it was a white or Christian terrorist attack.  He very much prefers those.  


The liberal goal is not to beat ISIS...it's to hold candles and "stand in solidarity" with those who died.  It's all about feelings and not actions.  Why would this be any different than their social programs?
/r/TedCruz
[It's just the religion of peace guys, stop being so Islamophobic! PEACEFUL!!!!](http://i.imgur.com/NOml9YL.jpg) 

/S
Thank you. I've been saying this for a long time.

He wont be in office much longer. Operation Glass Ashtray commences soon.
He has killed a lot of Islamic terrorists since he has been President, including, of course, Osama Bin laden.  Actions speak louder than words
Of course he's not going to call his people terrorists.
BLM doesn't have "colors". It's a racist organization that excludes the concerns of all other races.
The media won't care about this, but that guy at the Packers game who said "Muslims suck"? Halt the presses.
And the democrat candidates still have the nerve to say black lives matter instead of all lives matter. What a disgusting, racist, hateful group.
If we had a Republican political media outfit with balls, we'd be playing videos of these clowns in every campaign ad next fall.
BLM is the face of hate in the 21st century.
Slavery was and is awful, and is a sore spot for many countries' histories, but is ridiculous to use as a reason not to grieve or show solidarity for people who have just suffered a horrible terrorist attack.  What a hateful bunch of people.
It's the Westboro Baptist church of the black community, how are we as a society not shutting it down yet?We can criticize christians and white people, but black people and Islam are apparently not fair game.
An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind
There's a word for people like them: racists.
These fuckers want to curb freedom of speech when it's the only thing stopping themselves getting thrown in jail (well, and the dems). Hate group, the lot of them. 

Edit: also, what do they even want? 
They're gonna be real pissed when Charlie Sheen bumps them down the attention pole a little more.
Pretty much what one should expect from this hate group. They have more and more in common with the likes of Westboro Baptist Church or even ISIS themselves. 
Funny that MILLIONS of African blacks are flocking to evil, colonialist France. 
I have a CNA license and the pay is about $11 an hour. We literally wipe the asses of people who can't do it themselves and feed them and bathe them and change them. But I guess that's just less work than making food and taking orders.
FTA:  "Me doing everything from running the drive through, to washing dishes, to prepping food — it’s just a lot of work."

so...your job then?  That's what your complaining about?  That your job is "too hard"?


Isn't the point not that fast food workers should be making $15/hr but rather no one should be making less than that?
Worked fast food as a teenager, hardest work i ever did for the least amount of money however those jobs were not meant to support a family they were to get me a car to chase bitches. Then i caught one, and had to get a better job. Circle of life.
Sincerely hope every single one of them that walked off the job walked back in to a pink slip. 
EMTs*...Paramedics definitely make more than $15...point is still relevant.
I don't make $15 an hour, and I support a household of 2, w/o government assistance. Sure, more would be nice, but we get by, and I have no sense that anything more is owed to me than what I make.
These idiots do not understand basic economics, especially the law (not suggestion) of supply and demand.

If you do not have any marketable skills, there are literally millions of other people who can and will step in and replace you if you do not want to do a job. For that job, the supply of workers is high. So economics dictates that pay for that job will be low. Contrast that to highly-skilled jobs like doctor, pilot or lawyer. If a pilot quits, the number of individuals qualified to take his place is relatively low. Such jobs require extensive training and/or education. The supply of workers for that job is low, so the price will be high. The more people qualified to do your job, the lower you can expect your wages to be.

And let's not forget that employment is always a mutually agreed to contract. An employee approaches an employer, fills out an application, has an interview maybe and is offered a salary to do a specific job. Both parties have to agree to the labor and the pay. If either party is dissatisfied with the arrangement, either one can terminate the employment. So if you're in a job that pays less than what you think is worth, there is literally nothing stopping you from quitting and getting a job elsewhere that pays you what you think you deserve. If there are no other jobs that pay you what you think you are worth, then you have overestimated the value of your labor and need to reevaluate the actual worth of your skills. If you are truly underpaid for your skills, then you should have no problem finding another job that pays you what that skill is worth.

What these people want is to get government to force employers more than what their labor is worth. That's not how economics work.
I don't make $15/hour.  I do apartment maintenance.  I make ready apartments, carpentry, electrical, HVAC, plumbing, customer service, painting, pool cleaning/repairs, landscaping, pest control, porter, locksmithing, and on top of that, I have no lead nor do I have an assistant.  So I am both lead and assistant.  

What I have and these fast food workers lack are: skills, work ethic, logic, reason, the desire and ability to grow and better themselves.  Yes, I constantly ask my boss for a raise.  She fired my lead and I'm doing two jobs.  I figure I deserve it and she agrees with me.  It's the corporate office that's giving resistance.  But each day I am learning new things.  Six months ago when I started this job, never having done this line of work before, I knew nothing.  Now I'm running everything.  

Fuck these lazy ass pricks.   
Yes, the minimum wage is due for a bump. But no fast-food worker is worth $15. You want a bigger paycheck? Get an education. Put in the effort to better yourself first, then maybe you'll earn more money. Fast food is a starting spot, not a stopping spot. 
It's going to be hilarious if this ever does happen and every last one of them loses their jobs to much more competent workers who right now are making 12 an hour.
People really don't understand that if you don't have skills, you won't get paid that much. 

I am working towards degrees in Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering, and over the summer I worked and made $18/hr as an **intern**. Why should they get paid almost as much as me when I was doing work they couldn't even *start* to wrap their heads around? 
A 15$ minimum wage would only lead to less available fast food jobs. Many of the protestors would end up unemployed rather than 7-8$ a hour wealthier. 


I actually think that this is a good thing. Now all of the lazy ass parents will quit their jobs because they "do too much then they get paid" and their kids will get the jobs instead. This will raise a generation that will not be stuck in the "welfare" cycle and won't think that they are "entitled" to stuff like their parents did.
Hollande, the French Obama. He won't do anything about it. Just talk.
It's a good thing ISIS is contained.
These Isis fuckers are stepping it up. The Russian plane, now this. Something tells me this won't be the last (or worst) one.

I don't want war anymore. But these fuckers need to be exterminated. And until then no refugees. 
I bet most of the idiots on FB with their stupid Eiffel Tower peace symbol who 'support France' won't be doing so for much longer.
Please let's get the whole world after ISIS and co, this extremism needs to die.
I am currently in France. Probably the only conservative in the nation lol.  But seriously, I don't get.  Why wait for a tragedy to "do something". They're have already been people killed.  Was he waiting for a specific number? Be merciless before the next tragedy. Everyone knows what the problem is....
I am waiting for someone to actually mean these words
Don't get me wrong this is an utter tragedy.  But let's not make it a catastrophe; lets use it as the worlds wake up call to address a serious problem.

I am very interested to see the response from Hillary, sanders, etc.
Hollande is almost as big of a joke as Obama Rama Ding Dong.  Obama has single handedly won the war on terror and ISIS has been contained.  What a pair of clowns.
When France starts impaling muzzies I'll be impressed. 
Until then I'll be waiting to see how long it is until France loses it's taste for the nastiness of direct conflict with Islam.
I wish more countries recognized isis as the worldwide cancer that it is and united a long time ago to wipe these monsters off the earth. instead it's like everyone waits around and won't get up until something happens to them. This isn't just an attack on France but an attack on free people everywhere.
They can still win the war against ISIS and lose at home due to their immigration policy and lack of assimilation.  They are being slowly boiled like a frog.
In a move to show the nation's willingness to fight he threat, the French National Assembly is taking up a bill to remove the red and blue stripes from the national flag.
The left is gearing up their 'Bush created ISIS' narrative, you watch....
Unless they are going to carpet bomb Raqqa, I'm not sure exactly what they are going to do that's useful.
He was speaking rhetorically, it was pretty obvious from the speech.  Not that I wouldn't support a serious discussion regarding putting boots on the ground and a NATO operation, but this was not meant to be taken at face value.
I don't trust France. This will sputter to a halt in a few weeks, at most.
I kind of want to go to Hell so I can torture these fuckers
[deleted]
I seem to remember reading a while back that it was the Islamic States goal to bring western nations into conflict with them within caliphate controlled territory. Seems like they are working that angle well enough. 
He's just talking smack because he's freaked out about the upcoming elections.  He will not take any steps at all that could be considered politically incorrect to the hard left.
Why do I get the feeling this means that civil liberties are about to disappear? 
Now that it's an act of war, France can officially surrender!
ISIS is only able to operate with the help of Mossad and CIA. I don't think we should really be excited to go fight the war that the warmongers want.
Biggest kicker? HE'S IN PARIS AS HE SAYS IT!"
So South America, Mexico and Africa aren't part of the world now?  Those places are the real bastions of peace and humanity  /s 
I swear he does this on purpose.
How does this man not get booed off the stage during his public appearances? Anybody else spouting this bullshit would be laughed out of the white house.
IsIs is contained lol
Once again, the hypocrisy is just delicious by the president and the hard left in general... "The Paris attacks were not done by people driven by political and religious ideology!  They are just nutcase terrorists!!"

"The abortion clinic shooting was done by someone driven to violence by dangerous rhetoric and political motives, don't hide behind calling him a crazy nutcase!!"

Yes, Obama... When you change what "counts" as a mass shooting to fit your narrative, they never happen anywhere else.  Just like unemployment is down and health care costs are down and the economy is soaring into prosperity.  The world must look so different with those not anchored into reality...
It happened because of Americas toxic policies.if America didn't exist mass shooting would never happen not even in wars.
That wasn't a mass shooting. It was a terrorist attack. They're totally unrelated. /s
[Longer clip for context.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFCnAW27d_c)
Yes, but he also doesn't talk about the things that do happen in these countries. Bombings and mass stabbings happen all the time. 
What an absolute dolt.
he's a fucking idiot 
Obama is delusional. He lives in his own mythical world divorced of all reality. 
Let's say 130 people died in the Paris attacks. France's firearm homicide rate is .22 per 100,000. the US's is 3.55, for a difference of 3.33 per 100,000. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate

With a population of 66 million, that would be an additional 2200 firearm homicides in France, per year, or about 17 Paris attacks a year, which would be one every three weeks. I think it's obvious that the US and France are not comparable by this metric.
Well the Paris events were a shooting, but are a terrorist attack. What we have in America are lone wolf citizens with no political agenda that go on mass shootings. It's clearly different and clearly what Obama was referring to.
Perhaps 'mass shootings' refers to the incidents we have here. Perhaps 'terrorist attack' assumed to be different. 

Certainly the school shooters have a different motivation. To varying degrees, they study one another and iterate. 

Terrorists have an agenda, well beyond seeking attention.
Do you want to call it a mass shooting or a terrorist attack? Stay consistent.

If terrorist attacks can be called mass shootings,  then wouldn't the opposite be true? Wouldn't Columbine, Virgina Tech,  Newtown and the Planned Parenthood shooting all be "terrorist attacks" then? 

I support people being outraged at Obama, but save your fight for the battles that count. 
So, either the planned parenthood shooter is a white, conservative terrorist or you can't equate the Paris terrorist attacks to mass shootings similar to what happens in the US. So are white mass shooters in the US terrorists, or was Obama's statement correct?
To be fair they don't happen in France that often, they happen in America every few months
so you guys agree that mass shootings in the US should be considered terrorism right? 
Canadian here. He's right. You guys are completely misrepresenting the point he is making. Sure, mass shootings happen elsewhere but not on the level of frequency they do in America. That's the point he's making.  Up here in Canada we still have our guns and yet we have regulations on our weapons to make it harder for retards to get them... I don't know why you peeps always correlate "regulation" with "take our guns away" because thats just an ignorant backlash to common sense. Let me be clear: I love my guns. Let me also be clear: just because some of you nay be responsible enough with your weapons so as to not need regulations,  doesn't mean everyone in your country is responsible. 
You people have such a small, short sighted world view it isn't funny.

Try not to nitpick so much anecdotal evidence. You can almost always find a statistical outlier in any data set. 

You should be looking for average numbers, annual rates of shootings, how many victims, etc... Picking out an easy headline from a potential outlier does nothing but further the stereotype that you guys are ignorant.
I'm wary of this. "Right wing" in Europe tends to mean illiberal in terms of personal and economic freedoms, as well as anti American more often than not (IIRC, Marine Le Pen is actually quite pro Putin)
When Europe goes right-wing, they go very far to the right.
as it should be, we can expect a huge swing to the right in both europe and the united states.  libtards will be back on their heels for the next decade at least!
Because the Patriot Act went soooo well for us.
Good to see
Thank God.
No surprises here. People are finally coming to their senses. 
That is destruction, she got destroyed.
I tend not to watch videos on this subreddit and stick to articles.  For those of you who are like me, I highly recommend watching this. Absolutely fantastic reasoning, very logical response.
I could watch that all day long
That was awesome. Thank you for sharing. 
Holy shit! That was a reckoning. 
I'm from Michigan, close to Dearborn. The highest concentration of Islam in America. I now go to college in Texas. Only here have I found one muslim willing to fight radical Islam and not defend his religion for what it has done. It took me 18 years to find someone like this. This is a problem
HAHAHAHA I JUST REALIZED THE GUY ON THE LEFT IS CHRIS PLANTE! I LOVE HIM! His talk show is fucking awesome! 
I would have liked to heard if there was a response to this video from the question asker.
SHUT. DOWN.  

Everybody should see this.
Beautiful
Still, how do we fight an ideology with guns and bombs? Seriously. I have no idea how to do that. These radicals are like a starfish, you cut off a leg, it just grows back. What's the answer to ending it? 
Forget Charlie Hebdo. France needs Charlie Martel.
France has closed it borders. 
Fucking disgusting.
Meanwhile in the US - 
[Obama moves to 'increase and accelerate' admission of Syrian refugees](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/syria-refugees-u-s-centres-1.3308576)
Every time one of these coordinated attacks happen in the name of Allah, I always refer back to Bill Buckley's column that he wrote for National Review following the September 11th attacks. Since these attacks happen often, I could probably retype the whole thing from memory, but I will instead post the passage, as Buckley wrote it, below:

*It is thought to be a sign of toleration to defer to Islam as simply another religion. It isn't that. It is a form of condescension. Carefully selected, there are Koranic preachments that are consistent with civilized life. But on September 11th we were looked in the face by a deed done by Muslims who understood themselves to be acting out Muslim ideals. It is all very well for individual Muslim spokesmen to assert the misjudgment of the terrorist, but the Islamic world is substantially made up of countries that ignore, or countenance, or support terrorist activity. Mustafa Kamal Uddin, a 32-year-old body-and-fender man in Karachi, explained it to a New York Times reporter. You see, he said, holy wars come about only when Allah has no other way to maintain justice, times like now. "That is why Allah took out his sword" on September 11th.*

*We demand to know: Who taught Mustafa Kamal Uddin to reason in that way, and the crowds in Karachi to support such thinking? Pending an answer to the question, and the unmistakable assumption by reputable Muslims of the responsibility to extirpate such misteaching, renounce modern Islam. Either restore the proper Allah — or get ready for a holy war.*
I am so glad I am allowed to conceal carry, and I wish others everywhere could as well. I will not be a helpless victim. I can't imagine being trapped and gunned down one by one.
Remember like 4 hours ago when Obama said he's contained ISIS?  

http://news.yahoo.com/us-contained-islamic-state-group-obama-says-145039270.html
Remember in 2003 when pundits opined if only we were more like the french, then they wouldn't hate us?
AT WHAT POINT will Leftists wake the fuck up?? The RIGHT WING is not your fucking evil enemy! These are the fucking anti-semitic nations that were telling Israel how to defend herself from these Islamist madmen. How about you listen to the Jews for once? For one fucking second listen to the Jewish people. Not the fucking Jewish Leftists in New York and West LA. Listen to the Jews FLEEING Europe the past few years! Listen to the Jews in Israel who have dealt with Islamist neighbors bent on eradicating Jews - THOSE SAME ISLAMISTS WANT TO ELIMINATE YOU AS WELL!!! Your pacifist hippie liberal bullshit does NOTHING in the face of religious fanatics that do not fear death. I'm so fucking sick of this shit. LIBERTY IS SACRED! WHEN WILL PEOPLE WAKE UP?? 

/sorry had to rant... this situation is fucking terrifying 
Religion of Peace. 
This is obviously a tragedy. That should go without saying, but this is the PC world we live in... Nevertheless , I am hoping the good that comes of this is a shock wave across Europe for people to wake up. I'm not talking about the governments, they've proven useless. I'm talking about a grassroots upheaval of mass immigration.
So what video on YouTube is this a reaction to? 
Sounds like workplace violence is overtaking France. 
This evil had better wake western civilization up.
60 reported dead now. 
You have encouraged the influx of unvetted refugees.  Now this happens.  When will the Leftists realize this is not okay?  I wonder what Obama will say about bringing in refugees now...
Poor French bastards, disarmed by their own government, only to be preyed upon by true evil.  RIP to the fallen.
Has it been officially discovered to be an Islamist attack? 
I got the solution guys, we need to have stricter gun laws! /s
The sad thing is that our liberal counterparts will be absolutely baffled as to how something this awful could happen. Their minds simply won't accept the fact that this is EXACTLY what mass immigration nets you. 
#ReligionofPeace
As a Muslim and a Conservative these attacks are deplorable, and the full extent of the law should be used to being the perpetrators to justice. 
Paris with the strictest gun laws ever seen now with over 30 people kill due to shootings... If only the citizens had arms to protect themselves with.
Every time this happens I think that Europeans will finally wake up. Perhaps this time will be the straw that breaks the camel's back. I hate seeing things like this happening and things clearly need to change.
So this maybe dumb but does anyone else get the feeling that France's border shutdown will only be for a little while and will then start up again?  I also don't see any of the other European countries stopping the stream of immigrants either.  I don't believe that Hollande, Merkel, or Obama feel bad enough to stop it.
God damn it guys.  Which one of you posted the YouTube video that triggered these incidents?
&gt;Shep Smith: Man in French custody told police he's Syrian, he came with 2 others, recruited by ISIS, and that this is an ISIS mission WOW
Its problably an isolated incident. Probably workplace violence. 
Over 100 held hostage at the Eagles of Death Metal show at the Bataclan.
The world has been dealing with these fucks for far to long. It's not just ISIS, it's not just Al Qeada, it's all Islamic radicals. All they have done is escalate, well I think it's about time. Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war. Boots on the ground and let them do their job. Remove the limitations and let our military so what they do best.
#ReligionOfPeace
I tire of this bullshit.  This is not the world I care to live in.  Honestly, Islam is the source of one bloody, senseless attack after the next on a weekly basis.  Why are they tolerated on any level whatsoever?  If you preach anything even related to wahhabism Islam you should be ejected from the civilized world back to that desert you call home.
Multiculturalism in action. 

My thoughts and prayers are with France.
The effects of liberal sponsored policies. 

Absolutely enraging. 
Reports are that the terrorists are now executing the hostages and 5 explosions outside the concert hall
Citizens, arm yourselves
[deleted]
What's the new cool hashtag we can use for this one? 

If this doesn't wake Europe up, nothing will. We have been crippled by our openness. END THIS EUROPE. FIGHT BACK BEFORE WE LOSE IT ALL. 
[Report](https://twitter.com/Conflicts/status/665308002027593728)

&gt; - Multiple explosions
&gt; - Multiple shootings
&gt; - 100 hostages
&gt; - Military deployed
&gt; - At least 40 dead
&gt; - At least 60 injured
The problem is I'm sure the Leftists in Europe and the United States have no solution to this, or if they do it will be a PC solution.

So many of us are sick of hearing this sort of news on 9/11, 7/7 and now 11/13.  The hour has been long upon us to end this war of civilizations for once and all.
It's up to 40 now. Hostages taken. Still, religion of peace. 
Breaking:

State of Emergency for all of France. Borders closed.

46 confirmed dead.

100 taken hostage.
Mass deportations and relocations should immediately be enacted.
Article didn't say anything about Islamists. Nonetheless it seems like a safe bet. Good thing it's exceedingly difficult to get a gun in France.

Edit: Fox is reporting the guy who took the hostages yelled "This is for Syria"
Death toll is up to about 150 now. I wonder who is behind it? *scratches head* Maybe those unruly farmers? /s
Firstly, let me say that this attack rocked me to the bone today and my prayers go out to all the people and families affected today. 

We as Americans must remember the losses we suffered on September 11th and take into account that ISIS by doing this has become an even bigger threat to us than Al Qaeda ever was. If they could orchestrate an attack of this magnitude in France, imagine what they will shoot for in New York or LA, or Washington. We must come together and eliminate this threat before these butchers take any more innocent lives. I sincerely hope that our leaders are taking off the gloves right now and tomorrow will absolutely unleash hell-fire from our jets and ships on these crazies. This is only the beginning, if something isn't done who knows what will happen. May God bless America and may he bless our allies and, give us a swift victory.
[Report](https://twitter.com/AFP/status/665305750521167872)

&gt; #BREAKING One of explosions near Paris stadium was suicide attack: several sources
Man I sure bet they love those really strict gun laws about now.  I mean just how helpful is it that no one but the few can own a gun.

I'm talking about those Muslims not the French.  
What we really need to fight this war is a well-meaning hashtag.
[Report](https://twitter.com/Conflicts/status/665315600441307136)

&gt; French TV presenter reports that dismembered bodies found at Bataclan hall, 50 hostages still remain.
Lol, with all of the refugees and the strict gun control, this will become commonplace. 
Forgive me if I sound like a tin-foil hat wearer (I probably am with this statement), but I'd be willing to bet that what happened in Benghazi is indirectly related to this ISIS terrorist attack. We ran guns to Libyan rebels which changed hands to ISIS, and that's why Clinton and company refuse to tell the truth on the issue. 

Fuck ISIS and fuck everyone who directly or indirectly helped them get to be this powerful. 
I'm in tears right now, despite expecting it, despite knowing more of this is going to happen, I'm shocked :(

I wrote [this a couple of days ago here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/3sb51n/with_gates_wide_open_the_collective_suicide_of/cwwtz91?context=3)

&gt;I'm one of the lucky Europeans who managed to get out (recently moved to the US).

&gt;This videos are not exaggerated, there are over 1,000,000 muslims in the city I lived in, 60%+ want sharia law imposed, this is no longer a minority.


&gt;They use the laws and the benefit system to their advantage, women get married under Sharia Law only, that way they can continue collecting benefits as 'single mothers', and since the husband has multiple wives who he lives with in rotations they are entitled to Government Housing.

&gt;Many of the Jihadists who have left for war had their lives founded by the Government.

&gt;My sister had to spend 1 year teaching in a predominant Muslim state school, kids didnt know how to speak English, they were rude to her because she was a woman and wouldn't listen to her, parents even requested for her to cover her head! 

&gt;Like I said, I'm lucky I left! Because they will never leave! cuz that would be racist.


Say it with me: "President Trump"
This is horrific.  Also a lot of people are going to die in payback for this since it's something for NATO and Russia to join forces against.  

Also, this post's title (which is not the title of the article) is an absolute dick move.  You couldn't even wait until the bodies were cold before you tried to make a political point out of a tragedy? Get bent. 
CNN now reporting at least 149 dead.

Edit: Fox now reporting 158.
Now it's about 150 killed.
Where is the outrage from Reddit against Islamic extremist, ISIS, etc? Just look through the France threads on the front page and there is no mention that it had anything to do with Islamic terrorists... 
But really the main question is will the GOP overplay their hand
This makes me unreasonably angry. 2,977 people died on that day, not including the 19 hijackers.

It was an awful, dark, horrible moment in our history and the school refuses to let someone hold a moment of silence for lives and families destroyed because it can be offensive?

They can go fuck themselves. 
Since when did "this is offensive" translate into "this must be censored"? Lots of things offend me. Why should people censor free speech so I don't have to hear offensive things? I'm an adult! 
And they accuse us of whitewashing history. 
People need to stop confusing "freedom of speech" with "freedom from speech"
Remembering the Holocaust is offensive to Germans.
College Students are offensive to Americans.
Maybe we should stop remembering Pearl Harbor Day?  
Fuck them. 9/11 wasn't an attack on just the Christian population of America, it was an attack on all Americans. Even Muslims died in the towers.

It's not offensive, and I wish privileged teenage girls taking women studies classes in a liberal college would quit acting like they talk on the behalf of Muslims. 

Those cunts need to shut the fuck up.
you mean retards, retards say remembering...

a "student" implies some level of intelligence, this kind of bullshit demonstrates no intelligence whatsoever.
I'm not proud of my state.
I keep looking for some sign this was written in The Onion. Please please please be from The Onion. This cannot be real. I refuse to believe we as a people have fallen this low
Then they can leave the fucking country, seriously. It was a national tragedy and we're going to remember it. If they don't like it LEAVE. 
&gt;At-large MSA representative and Director of Diversity and Inclusion David Algadi voiced severe criticism of the resolution.

&gt;Director of Diversity and Inclusion

You've got to be kidding me...
So the implication here is that most muslims support the 9-11 attacks, or are so anti-American they wouldn't care to commemorate the victims? 
Show me, Please, where the right to not be offended comes into play? Legal Precident, Constitutional right, Amendment? I simply can't find it anywhere but in the imagination of incredibly offensive people.
And I assume remembering the holocaust is offensive to Germans? Let's ask them.
God damn it, every time I read a story like this, or see that stupid bitch on TV saying the 1% should pay for her college, I just... Ughhhhh

Makes me embarrassed to admit I am working my way through College. 

These idiotic little pc children are literally ruining the college experience for me by making me feel ashamed for being in college. 

Can I have them shut down and shut out for making me feel feelings?? 
College = becoming a debt slave to go through 4-7 years of commie indoc. 
I'm guessing that remembering Pearl Harbor is offensive to Japanese people?
Well the Polish under John III Sobieski are the ones who saved Europe from the Ottomans in the 17th century. With that kind of history, I could understand them being wary of mass Islamic migration into Europe. 

Sobieski rode in the front lines of the largest cavalry charge in history at the Battle of Vienna. It's basically what the battle from Lord of the Rings: Return of the King is based on. For further reading:
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Vienna
Poland is the Texas of Europe and they sure love their guns. As the only NATO member except the US their defence budget meets the recommended 2% of GDP. Very religious, up to the point where several of the Polish catholic bishops have openly stood up to Pope Francis. Their immigration policy is also fairly  comparable. And I'm petty sure most Poles would support the idea of a wall on the border, but in Poland's case it would be on the eastern one...
I'm glad to see some of Europe starting to push back. When I see Germany get pissed enough to get over their collective guilt for the Holocaust enough to fight back against the Muslims then I'll know Europeans have had enough of this PC bull shit. 

I just hope Americans don't wait that long to start pushing back, as in after we are already being massively invaded by those who do not seek to assimilate to our cultural norms. Though I suppose some would argue it's far too late for that already. 
Cleary they're racists. /s
Being a first generation Pole, this makes me so happy. 
I'd consider emigrating there, except the language is brutal to learn. 
The irony is astounding. 20 years ago the UK was FULL of complaints about the Poles joining the EU and being able to work and live in the UK. 
How do I move to Poland without undermining the reasons why I want to join them
[Poland fights everything.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wars_involving_Poland)That's why they exist.  That's why anyone exists.  

If you destroy the idea of the U.S., you actually destroy the U.S.  
How much a does a plane ticket to Poland cost? US liberal culture is so far out of hand.
Why do the ISIS ships say "USS" (United States Ship)?
Neo Fascism seems to be all the rage these days.
I peek on their YikYak a few times a day now, and just about all the students using the app seem to be against the movement. Posts such as "Blacks can be racist too" and "#stopconcernedstudent1950" get upwards of 100 upvotes. 

Not everyone at Mizzou is as radical, racist, and inflammatory as the protesters. There is hope.
"Safe space for me but NOT for thee."

The blatant stench of hypocrisy.
We have to be careful not to be duped by the media into believing what they're showing us is the full truth. Interview enough kids and you can get them to say anything, but plaster the quote everywhere and it becomes as if every student thinks so. Same for the protesters. 
And they complain that conservatives are neo-fascists.  Take a hard look, liberals.  This is what fascism looks like.
Well, child, perhaps someday your testicles will descend and you will become a man.
We as a nation are heading dangerously close to left wing extremism.
I'm sure it was scary to disagree in the Soviet Union or in the Third Reich as well.
So this is what U of M is molding our kids into?

Fascists and cowards.
*What’s lost is honest dialogue.* Sums it up pretty well.
So we shouldn't be judging all Muslims for the actions of a few then right? Because that's just as dumb as the gun argument.
It's strange that liberals are completely capable of grasping the concept that restrictions and prohibitions dont reduce use or pervasiveness when it comes to drugs and alcohol.  And in many ways things get worse since the market is then controlled by criminals. But whatever sliver of logic exists in their brains starts misfiring when guns are involved in this equation. 

Another issue is that if you look at the data, the gun homicide rate in the US among non-Hispanic whites is extremely similar to that of Western Europe.  The last figures I saw for the US-white gun homicide rate was 0.32 per 100k.  The gun homicide rate in Holland the same year was 0.33, and the overall muder rate of ultra-safe Iceland hovers around 0.30.  The difference between the US and Europe is our diverse population.  US Hispanics commit gun homicides at a rate 20x greater than non-Hispanic US whites, and the rate for US blacks is 40x higher.  So I'm not sure why one would support sweeping restrictions on guns that would disproportionately burden white America, but they wouldn't support laws that specifically target our "at risk" demographics.  Even on a bad year, NYC stop and frisk resulted in the confiscation of 500-600 illegal guns.  Good years were well over 1000.  If one was truly concerned about reducing gun violence, they would be willing to focus efforts on the people actually committing that violence.  But again we see the logic center of the liberal brain start to misfire, this time for perceived "racism".  

So which one is it?  Do we judge groups based on the actions of a few or not?  This meme just demonstrates that humans tend to paint large groups of individuals in broad strokes - the groups and the judgment just vary depending on your political ideology.
Even better example is that they want to punish all police officers for actions of the few.
*Actions
"We want money out of politics!"

"Unless it helps our cause!"
So, how are they getting away with supporting a political candidate with tax dollars? That cannot be legal... Are they separating the government funds they get from funds that they earn?
Good. That way the Republicans will know how much to cut their public funding when they win.
Get money out of politics! Unless I agree with them.
Yeah sorry PP, other womens vaginas are not at the top of my priority list this election. 
they have this kinda of money, but they need subsidies...why? Seems plenty of people want to fund abortion, the fed pitching in would seem unnecessary. 
I'm sorry, but the only government money that goes to planned parenthood is Medicare. Planned parenthood raises money on its own to do the rest of its business. None of this money is from US tax dollars.
This is just another Democrat money laundering scheme. 

(D)s increase Taxpayer funding to PP under the guise of (insert whatever fucking bullshit excuse they create), then PP "scratches their back", by giving the (D)s a portion of that taxpayer money back to their political piggybanks. Like one big corrupt Krebs Cycle. 
The creatures walking upright over at Planned Parenthood should not be confused with normal, tax paying, voting, American human beings.

They aren't lobbying or fighting for one of the several God-given rights which seem to be at play in this, and every, election cycle.

Those ghouls at Planned Parenthood are using money stolen from the American people to lobby for the continued genocide of African-American babies, and the wholesale harvest and sale of organs taken from the corpses of white and Latino babies.

That's it. It is actually as simple as that. It is not a women's rights or women's health issue. That is a lie. 

It is state-funded genocide, wrapped up in eugenics, and these creatures want to shame you into paying for it. 
[deleted]
Deconstructionism is the true disease.  To take the combined knowledge and wisdom of all great minds of the western world throughout history and boil it all down to "a bunch of old rich white guys" is the most sure fire way for our entire civilization to commit suicide.
Hitler was saying something similar about being Jewish too.
No, liberalism is a disease.  I'm so tired of this white apologist movement.  
Critical Race Theory is equivalent to Social Marxism. 

It's a way for the regressive left to attack the power structures of the nations they want to rule. 
The ridiculous goal of equal outcomes.  They have already lied to minorities by telling them that they are "too dumb" to succeed.  Now they need to bring the white population down to the same level.  Everyone equal.  Everyone dumb.  Everyone dependent.  
Can't wait for the college bubble to collapse. These far left-leaning classes will be the first to go. There's no doubt that education has always leaned a bit left, but these social "science" classes and teachers have taken it to a whole new level.

So glad I graduated a couple years ago now. 
Can we get disability then?
Yea... A disease whose side effects include:

-graduating highschool 

-low crime communities 

-respect for the rule of law 

-lower STD rates 

-100 IQ

-passing the SAT 

-graduating college 

-not being responsible for over half of all murders since the 50s 

-colonizing America 

I don't want to cure this disease
&gt;The problem, Matias assures us, is that by “denying race during white childhood via a color-blind ideology,” whites leave “lasting emotional scars, impressions that perpetuate the institutional silencing of race in teacher education.”

What happened to The Dream? Don't we want our children to be judged by the content of their character, and not the color of their skin? Old school liberals even shake their heads at this nonsense. 

Drive a fucking wedge between MLK Jr and these folks. Its clear there is one, just get it over with and say he was a "race denier."
&gt;Urban students of color are made to “endure a racist educational system and daily racial battle fatigue.”


Ok, so let's give them vouchers so they can escape this nightmare. What? You don't want to allow these horribly oppressed people to escape the system that is oppressing them so much? A system run mostly by the left? Racist!!!!

&gt;In “‘Why Do You Make Me Hate Myself?’: Re-teaching Whiteness, Abuse, and Love in Urban Teaching Education,” the author insists that “the racial achievement gap” and other racial disparities are “symptoms” of “the underlying diseases of racism and Whiteness” (italics added). 

I suppose Asian identity is a disease too since Asians outperform all other races academically. 
The disease is continuing to allow these talking scrotums to teach in our universities. 
What a disgusting piece of trash. Ugh. 
Liberal Professor's are closer to a definition of a disease.... more along the lines of parasites.
Diseased and proud.
So, how much of our tax money (yes, white people's tax money) is going to support this tripe and pay the salaries of idiots such as this professor?  This is not an isolated instance.

You have to be an "educated" "progressive" to be this stupid.

P.S.: it is time to take back the language.  "liberal" (lower case l) historically has meant someone who respect and defends free speech and freedom of exchange.
Well I guess I can't be blamed for my "white actions" no more than an aids victim can be blamed for his symptoms. I mean, it's just a disease, right?
I'm offended. LETS GET HER FIRED GUYSSS! /s
Well I guess I'm terminal...DAMN YOU PRIVILEGE! 
Created by the evil jewish scientist in Baghdad named Yakub right?
I feel bad for the child...
You know the world is fucked up when a Bill Maher video has tons of upvotes in a Conservative thread.
Once again, Maher is absolutely correct about Islam.  

I don't understand why so many leftists simply don't 'get it'. 
Not a fan of Maher, but he nailed it here. Even the left can't deny the reality of this situation.
I hate that I agree with him.
I have to say that of all the liberals I can think of in modern media, Bill Maher is the one I think I respect the most. I don't always agree with him, but at least he tends to keep a level head and call a spade a spade.
There is currently a movement to remove references to Woodrow Wilson for views that he held a century before today's politically correct bullshit.  Given that Sharia Law treats women as property, in opposition to our U.S. values, it seems that any Muslim that does not renounce Sharia Law should not be permitted to obtain or retain U.S. Citizenship.
Even if I don't agree with most of his politics, he's correct about Islam. He's also correct about Christianity. 
I see a lot of comments in this thread saying liberals don't "get" why islam is bad, and that may be true for some, but a decent amount of us do see that islam is not something that should be supported or defended. We just see a glaring hypocrisy when the same people who hate islam defend christianity. Yes it's true that you dont see the same level of violence from christians today that you see from muslims, but we all know that  christianity wasn't exactly a beacon of peace hundreds of years ago. You know what the main difference is between them now? The middle east gives islam power by allowing it to set the rules of its countries, much like christianity did back when it was the driving force of war and violence. When we created this country and decided on the seperation of church and state, we forced christianity to follow the rules set by our society and not the other way around. Guess what the majority of the conservative representatives want to do? Make laws that tell people what they can and cant do based on what the bible says. My biggest gripe with the conservative party is that they can not see that this will turn our country into the very thing we hate. I agree, Islam fucking sucks, lets not let our country make the same mistakes the middle east has. Keep our religions private, dont let them dictate our society.
This is the kind of garbage Liberals do to us. No, Liberals don't support the Muslims that want to kill gays, enforce Sharia law, etc. They defend the Muslims that *don't* want these things. This paints with a broad brush of both Liberals and Muslims, disregarding the nuance that this situation deserves. We can be more balanced and nuanced than that.
stop! the cognitive dissonance is too much to handle!
Democrats embrace Islam because most Muslims are non-white and most Muslims vote Democrat.

That's all there is to know.

If Muslims were mostly white and mostly voted Republican, then Democrats would be denouncing them as haters, bigots, and homophobes while trying to keep them out of the country.


I always found it so hilarious that liberals spend an extraordinary amount of time vehemently defending Islam when, quite literally, they are EVERYTHING liberals claim to hate. On almost every single issue. 

But nope! The narrative must be maintained! Muslims are "brown people" therefore we must import them en masse in order to bring down that God-damn white cis-male christian patriarchy! Even if it means letting a few people get their heads sawed off!

Remember: If it weakens, twists, subverts, and/or undermines the foundations of United States......then the American liberal is for it, unequivocally and unconditionally. It is through this lens that ALL their rhetoric and beliefs are formed and maintained. 
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE!!! 
(Supports importing a group people who believe in religion controlling EVERY aspect of their lives, from government, to food, to sex, to TV, to media, to...) 
This kind of crap is the reason why we need to stop classifying ourselves as "left" or "right". Almost every person I know wouldn't agree with any of these points, but I'll just speak for myself.

- Marriage equality is alright, but of course I don't condone murdering gays.
- The constitution can, and has been amended. The founders were fallible. Sharia is based upon the Quran/Hadith.  I am as much against it as I am against a system of laws imposed by the Bible, or the Torah.
- Presidential campaigns are bullshit pandering, nothing on this point.
- I sincerely doubt any "feminist" (after all, that's who would be fighting for women in this country) would support stoning rape victims.

The spin on this is incredible.
In the minds of the liberals we're the evil ones.   On a side note conservatives give more to charitable giving and tend to tip more than liberals.
Who the hell takes their time to create these?  Just seems like people would have other crap to do with their life. 
I never thought the day would come when I would utter the words "Feinstein is right."  Hell must be freezing over.
Well, the old saying about a broken clock certainly applies here. 
Bold move coming out to a lame duck president.  Musty be up for reelection
Nonetheless, Syrian refugees are being welcomed by California....
They call it ISIL as a show of disrespect to Israel right?
If we are to defeat ISIS our soldiers shouldn't have high capacity magazines and shoulder things that go up. /s
Not a fan of hers but it's funny when Democrats do that after announcing their retirement. She has no more campaigns to run and no more crazies to cater to. Now it's just her and her own old school liberalism which didn't completely throw in with the enemy like the New Left. 
Still an asshole!
By "contained" Obama meant that ISIS isn't going to bother Obama or his family anytime soon, and good luck to the rest of you
In the victimhood olympics, silver isn't good enough.
No no, let them keep going! They are destroying their own "movement" better than anyone else ever could!
More black people died in Paris than the Missouri protests. Yet they want to highlight the protests over actual black deaths? Amazing what happens when one is ignorant, naïve, incompetent, and shows signs of cognitive dissonance.
I'd be more embarrassed at how shitty that song is than the content itself.
There is no rap involved..
This is just sick and full of hate. What is wrong with people.
Just come out and say it, protest groups. "White people are racist, punish them."
I hope these protesters know they are not helping solve problems, but rather contributing to them. Instead of bringing people together, they are dividing and attempting to conquer.
It's been obvious for a while now the only "race" these protesters care about is their own blackness.  Any other minority attempting to share the spotlight will be promptly shouted down.  
Martin Luther King Jr said "Don't judge a person by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character."  A pity not one of these assholes are following King's advice.  Instead they only judge by color.  
This "safe space" doesn't feel so "safe."  If this is the next generation in charge of corporate America, it's going to be very unwelcoming to a lot of people.
I grew up in this city, and let me just tell you that it is a city filled with a ton of liberals who want nothing more than to protest anything conservative. At these very colleges we had a teacher key her own car and then go to the media claiming it was a hate crime, and this is before it was vogue. 

http://articles.latimes.com/2004/mar/18/local/me-claremont18

I also attended Claremont High, and my senior year my teacher tried forcing everyone to accept gay marriage and reject any form of conservative ethics. A year or two later she was arrested for molestation. 

http://articles.latimes.com/2001/jul/20/local/me-24599

Edit: I would like to add that I have always viewed Claremont as a testing ground for the most liberal insanity that people will put up with, and then it is later introduced to the masses 


Did I hear someone call her a coward? Please tell me I didn't hear that.
These groups need to stop hiding what they really are and just start chanting "Black Power!" already.
Progressive Televangelist.  Perfect term.  
I like how having a realistic concern about something even if it's a bit controversial all of a sudden makes you a xenophobe. ISIS uses innocents as body shields, and hides among them, these are common tactics used in the guerrilla warfare and terrorism world. It's a true concern, and does not mean that somebody who shares that concern has a racist agenda against Arabic people.
The Left is xenophilic. It believes that everything foreign is good, and everything domestic is bad.

Insofar as we allow the rhetoric of "globalism" to continue on unchallenged, we're tacitly endorsing the Left's xeonophilia.

Progressives are so incredibly tone-deaf, which is why they keep championing foreigners who complain about America. Like Mr. Oliver from England, or Mr. Noah [on the *Daily Show*] from South Africa.

It doesn't even occur to them at all that it demonstrates poor taste to move to someone else's country and immediately start complaining about how bad it is. CNN watched their ratings drop when they invited England's Pier Morgan to do that.

Trevor Noah is also presiding over a whopping 37% ratings drop on *The Daily Show*. 

My comment to the utterly embarrassed Mr. Oliver: "If Americans are so inherently icky, why did you come here?" It's a simple question. And there's nothing xenophobic about it.

Why on Earth would someone move to such a terrible place as America? If--as the Left would have us believe--it's the root of all evil, why is it the premiere location for the world's immigrants?

Why aren't they begging to get into, say, Cuba? Or another socialist paradise China?

Mr. Oliver is as unintentionally obnoxious as a house guest who walks into your living room, calls your children ugly, your home a disgrace . . . and wonders why the home-owner thinks he's abused his hospitality.

The Left believes in the Marxist ideal of the workers destroying the nation-state and instituting a new age of internationalism. Thus to them Jon Stewart [an American] should be utterly interchageable with Trevor Noah [a South African]. There should be no difference whatsover in having a critic analyze his own nation versus an outsider heckling a culture that is not his own.

Stewart aspired to be Mark Twain. What Mr. Stewart neglects to understand is that Mr. Twain lived, breathed and died in America. He didn't move to live permanently in Russia to complain about Russian society. 

He was never so tone-deaf and vulgar.

And this leads me to my question to Mr. Oliver: "Does your native UK have talk shows headed up by Americans, calling British culture backward, evil and racist?" I'm just curious.
It is the current year. 
Could anyone link to the evidence that the terrorists were smuggled in with refugees? I've missed the last couple days' news on this.
The premises upon which the Left bases its entire worldview are faulty.  

This is why Progressives are always wrong about everything: It's impossible to predict something correctly when your assumptions are incorrect. Garbage in, garbage out. 
I tried to watch the whole video of him talking, but I just couldn't make it. 
just another loudmouth comedian pretending to be political news.  
And John Oliver was right. [The attackers in Paris were French and Belgian nationals.](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/11/16/world/paris-attacks-suspects-profiles/index.html)
His old show was no different.
That video they posted was infuriating, it was the worst hack liberal interview imaginable.  If you look closely though at the beginning Colbert is visibly scared/nervous, and you see him quickly change into his Daily Show liberal character.  I thought it was apparent there that when he is feeling timid he has to go into a character, but I have never watched his show.
/r/television is in desperation mode trying to come up with excuses as to why his ratings are tanking.  "FALLON AND KIMMELL HAD LOW RATINGS WHEN THEY STARTED!!!"

Uh, no.  Fallon has routinely had high ratings every since he took over the Tonight Show.  He doesn't have an agenda, he just has fun with guests and doesn't over complicate things.  People don't want to be preached to, they want to be entertained.  Say what you want about Fallon but he's very engaging and has a formula that works.  He has on political guests but doesn't make it overtly political, he just wants to know about the person, not the politician.  
It's ratings are also collapsing. I think people are getting bored wi him just complaining about trump every night
Joe Concha at Mediate has a really good take on this as well.  

You definitely get the sense that Colbert is in over his head when it comes to understanding how to appeal to the folks that stay up to watch Late Night, and here's a clue:  They're not same audience as the barking seal, pseudo-intellectuals that guzzled down your shtick at Comedy Central.  


Wait, wasn't it always propaganda? I always thought that his show is basically the same as John 'IT'S CURRENT YEAR' Oliver's show. 
Man that video was awful. The audience sounded like a bunch of hyenas 
Colbert has always been leftist propaganda, the only difference is that now he's destroying an institution of American television to spread that propaganda.
?? 

Colbert has been a stupid leftist asshole the whole time since the Daily Show days.  Why would he stop now?
How this wasn't expected is beyond me.
Boringly predictable.
It's also dropping in the ratings.
Give the show to Craig Ferguson and Geoff Peterson.
Here's my shocked face...
No surprise there,  his old show was ands so was lettermans
When an idiot like Stewart is your mentor, what should we expect?
Shocking.
There are some things that I have come to expect.  That is why I have never watched Colbert's version of "The Late Show".
I'm sad Colbert is just another cucked liberal. I was fooled by his faux patriotism on the Colbert Report, he was way more like John Stewart than he let on. 
Anyone who goes to a comedy channel to hear about politics and should be barred from voting. And that is what has happened to the youth of today
I don't think it's a super damaging brand to conservative values. He seems to make fun of everyone and there's just a way wider field of republicans. That and trump is a side show (not saying he has all bad ideas) and that's going to play into the bashing for sure. 

Where he may be obviously left I think he goes about it in a pretty smart and funny way most of the time. 

Anyway, so far I thought it's been a good show and some good interviews. I like politics so at least someone is talking about the issues instead of doing only personality driven. We need brains in government. 
Every time I see a clip like this I like Ted Cruz a little more. I hate that. He's too much of a characature. But dang, he's bright.
It's a shame because he is very funny when he's not talking politics.
Well, he is a comedian and it is so easy to make fun of republican candidates right now, so...
