Saying nothing of the politics of the film, it's a very compelling documentary. Even if you aren't interested in the subject matter or feel like you might have disagreements with some of the conclusions it draws, give it a shot. It's pretty riveting.
It's cool. Hillary Clinton told them to "cut it out." 
CC Spanish: https://vimeo.com/27159349 CC Portuguese: https://vimeo.com/39018226
CC Greek: https://vimeo.com/39617101 Dubbed Turkish: http://belgeselist.web.tv/video/inside-job-ic-isler__awufnh0co4y
Since the original post this was in response to was rapidly downvoted into oblivion I thought it would be good to re-post this list of factors involved in the crisis, since no one thing is directly to blame:

* The Federal Reserve, which slashed interest rates after the dot-com bubble burst, making credit cheap.

* Home buyers, who took advantage of easy credit to bid up the prices of homes excessively.

* Congress, which continues to support a mortgage tax deduction that gives consumers a tax incentive to buy more expensive houses.

* Real estate agents, most of whom work for the sellers rather than the buyers and who earned higher commissions from selling more expensive homes.

* The Clinton administration, which pushed for less stringent credit and downpayment requirements for working- and middle-class families.

* Mortgage brokers, who offered less-credit-worthy home buyers subprime, adjustable rate loans with low initial payments, but exploding interest rates.

* Former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan, who in 2004, near the peak of the housing bubble, encouraged Americans to take out adjustable rate mortgages.

* Wall Street firms, who paid too little attention to the quality of the risky loans that they bundled into Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS), and issued bonds using those securities as collateral.

* The Bush administration, which failed to provide needed government oversight of the increasingly dicey mortgage-backed securities market.

* An obscure accounting rule called mark-to-market, which can have the paradoxical result of making assets be worth less on paper than they are in reality during times of panic.

* Collective delusion, or a belief on the part of all parties that home prices would keep rising forever, no matter how high or how fast they had already gone up.

[Details here](http://www.factcheck.org/2008/10/who-caused-the-economic-crisis/)
It's amazing we know what was sold and we know that it was fraudulant. We also know who rated it, who sold it at AIG, and the big banks.

WE KNOW it was fraud and we know the small group of men that facilitated it by name. No one is in jail.


His book [Predator Nation](http://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/213722/predator-nation-by-charles-h-ferguson/9780307952561/) expands on the points in the film, and is required reading.

Also watch [this interview with him](http://www.democracynow.org/2012/5/29/inside_job_director_charles_ferguson_wall) on *DemocracyNow*, and also check out Matt Taibbi's book [The Divide](http://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/218631/the-divide-by-matt-taibbi/9780812983630/).
There are six major factors contributing to the global financial crisis:

1. Greenspan put: excessively low interest rates after the dotcom bubble provided banks with 'cheap' money, thus incentivising excessive lending.

2. Financial innovation particularly Credit Default Swaps: "The derivatives genie is now well out of the bottle, and these instruments will almost certainly multiply in
variety and number until some event makes their toxicity clear. Central banks and governments have so
far found no effective way to control, or even monitor, the risks posed by these contracts. In my view,
derivatives are financial weapons of mass destruction, carrying dangers that, while now latent, are
potentially lethal." Warren Buffet, 2001

3. Predatory lending: Mortgages were given to families and individuals with low credit ratings such as NINJAs (no income no job).

4. The originate to distribute business model:
It puts less of a force on lenders to ensure that borrowers can eventually repay their debts and therefore lowers credit standards. Lending shifted to an “originate and distribute” model, where originators retained little risk on the mortgages. 
In addition to its benefits, securitization has two drawbacks. 
The first is that it results in lenders that do not hold the loans they make on their own balance sheets. 
The second problem lies with securitization's distribution of risk among a wider variety of investors. During normal cycles, it is indeed securitization's beneficial, but during times of crisis the distribution of risk also results in more widespread losses than otherwise would have occurred.

6. Financial contagion: For example, diversification became a risk since CDOs that were over and over repackaged were so well mixed that all of them collapsed as a reaction to the mortgage crisis. If they weren’t so interconnected only a few of them would have declined in value. So they became in a sense a systematic risk.

5. Deregulation: Often to maximize the investment banks profits, many of them borrowed money which allowed them to invest more in CDOs. Before 2004 there was however certain regulations stopping the banks from getting too much leverage, as a precaution for what could happen if the country went in a recession. The allowed ratio was 12 to 1. In 2004, the allowed leverage was sharply increased making it possible for the investment banks to higher their leverage. This meant that they could earn bigger profits. The downside of this is that if the country went into a recession the fall would be much bigger for the banks. Compared to its competitors, Lehman Brothers had a much higher leverage level. For every dollar Lehman Brothers earned their leverage was over 30 dollars. The other companies had mid-twenties. Supposedly it was a part of Lehman strategic plan to be more aggressive compared to their competitors in order to conquer market shares. Lehman had invested in CDOs with their borrowed money and due to the fact that they lost all value in 2008, it’s not hard to understand why Lehman went bankrupt. This is the main reason why Lehman Brothers and not the other banks was the first investment bank to collapse. 

(Sorry about my English)
Rotten Tomatoes: http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/inside_job_2010/
IMDb:
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1645089/
Documentary lovers:
http://documentarylovers.com/film/inside-job/
Wikipedia:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inside_Job_(2010_film)
I prefer [Inside Man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0454848/), a documentary about how to rob a bank...
Actually awesome documentary. I took a film studies class last year in which we took a look at the 2008 financial crisis. We analyzed the shit out of this movie. Good watch. Even better when you catch the subtleties of the director. There's a part when he's introducing all of the interviewees that he freeze frames on one guy doing a devious finger pyramid. Too funny.
The takeaway for me was that this is system is all working as designed. 
If you liked this documentary, you'll enjoy [Margin Call](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1615147/). It's a film about the day before the bubble burst

This was fraud. That's it. They are criminals plain and simple.

1. Who were the lenders?

The lenders were the buyers of the "AAA" bonds. The banks only repackaged the toxic assets.

The "lenders" Were in other words the dumb money otherwise known as tax payers and retirees. You know middle America.

The banks didn't lend the money they wouldn't have been so stupid. They just defrauded the purchasers of the bonds.

Banks didn't lend money, they moved it. 

2. Who made the money 

The big winners were the guys buying the subprime garbage.

Cadres of 25-50 guys would buy the subprime mortgages, fraudulently rate them AAA. Then they would sell a credit default swap allowing them to create a second identical shadow bond.
From crap they paid very little for, they could now sell two AAA bonds to retirees or the tax payer.

They made billions. Since they got paid quarterly based on earnings they got rich. Since they knew they were peddling shit, They didn't get decimated like the retirees they stole from, or the companies they knowingly brought to their knees, or the taxpayers they left holding the bag.

They had no skin in the game.

3: why were they doing no doc loans and giving signing bonuses?

Who facilitated it?

Without the schills the fraud's money train would have dried up. The perpetrators knew what was going on, but the "lenders" were such dumb money that they couldn't stop.

There should have been no market! The people were duped so that the guys making the money could keep on defrauding. There was an entire industry built around it. Each level made progressively more money in the fraud.

They needed buyers because they had no skin in the game. No doc loans! No problem! They weren't buying or loaning, just repackaging and moving. And they got a free shadow bond out if it! Two for the price of one! But they needed buyers or the gig was up.

4. How did the banks go bankrupt then?

The banks had it on their books until they could sell it. But the big thing was they were creating shadow bonds through credit default swaps.

Basically they could buy one block of shit, repackage it as AAA bonds through manipulation. Get a credit default swap, which creates a shadow bond, then and sell two AAA securities which they bought as subprime and knowingly misrated to AAA.
Two AAA bonds from shit for the price of one!!!! That makes boatloads for people on the know. And they get bonuses based on income.

The problem was that these groups were operating without capital requirements. Basically they were just promising to pay each other. The bets became so massive that the banks couldn't pay up when the music stopped.

On one hand the groups within the bank doing this were making so much money they had no incentive to stop.

Secondly because of the nature of the fraud, they didn't have to expend much money to gain lots of profit. They basically made promises that may or may not come due, but got paid cash to do so. And their bonuses were based on income.

Finally, the music stopped so fast that the market unwound before the banks could deleverage. In laymens terms that means before they could leave retirees and taxpayers holding the bag rather than themselves.

I think they honestly believed they could get out in time.
I live in Australia, have a Chinese exam tomorrow and should of been studying. Instead, I watched a 2 hour documentary on the highest form of gluttony that controls our world. Not for a second do I feel like I've wasted my time. Absolutely, utterly shocked and disgusted by this documentary, which delivered its message with total precision. Poor Finance is a greater threat to this world than anything else. 
-matt
Can confirm. I worked in Wall Street - still do in a way.

I've been interviewed by the guy that led the whole [ABAQUS shit](http://sevenpillarsinstitute.org/case-studies/goldman-sachs-and-the-abacus-deal) at Goldman Sachs. In my final questions I asked him directly if he could have done any better.  He just shrugged that everyone else was doing it too. I did get an offer but passed on it.
If you guys like this I have a few off the top of my head

Too Big To Fail, 
The last days of Lehman Brothers, 
The fall of Lehman Brothers, 
How the Banks went Bust, 
Meltdown series, 
There are a few more I think.
And yet these bastards get to live the rest of their lives in luxury, with no repercussions or worrying about their personal safety.
The current system is based on profits are private, loses are public.
The most stringent question after watching this doc:
In any situation I would say a"rating-service" has fraud written all over its face...
What idiot(s) allowed the compensation for a rating institution to be based on anything even remotely related to their ratings?
As someone who was in the industry at the time, this is the most accurate detail and easily the most unbiased.
This and Margin Call make a decent double feature. 
Can anyone tell me what's the future of these guys are they Goin to get their dues for their bullshitt
if you want to understand ISIS, the same filmmaker made a movie about the appalling Irak Invasion. 
... and jared fogle got sentenced faster.
Beautiful, thank you.
What's Standard &amp; Poor's role in this?
My social science teacher recommended this documentary last year, it is very well made and interesting, I have watched it twice.
Just watched this in my sociology class this week, was beyond frustrated but it's good that Im taking a class where we watch important videos like this! 
The banks and big corps do what they want no matter who we the people elect! 
This crisis cost me the best job I ever had, destroyed the company I worked for, and embroiled us in almost endless litigation, because of the market destruction.  We were not involved in creating it at all.  I agree with the statements, though.
I love this movie, watch it with HBO's Too Big To Fail.
I've always heard this was a good docu. I've never watched it because it will probably just make me mad at what happened and the fact that nothing was or ever will be done about it.
Why has no one called this what it was: fraud!
This was a scheme that was fraudulent. Because fraud covers the nature of the investment with falsehood, it can't be regulated or uncovered until it has run its course. Think Enron, or Madoff.
Typically you would send people to jail. But for some reason although we know the fraud and who perpetrated it, they are still living in their mansions. Why? This is the question we should be asking. And this or a similar sentiment should be the top response.
No

What happened was that instead of deregulating the mortgage industry, the Bush administration neutered the regulatory bodies that oversaw them. The key player was a man named James "Chainsaw" Gilleran who headed the Office of Thrift Supervision. This agency was made after the savings and loan crisis which was a smaller regional version of the same mortgage fraud scheme. 

The OTS referred mortgage origination fraud to the FBI, under Chainsaw those referrals dropped to zero. The word spread in the origination businesses (the companies that do the actual loan), you can do whatever you want now. 

Subprime mortgages actually have a very predictable default rate, when that rate when up, Wall St banks started looking into the mortgages, found out they were all crap and started to dump them as fast as they could. They also bet against them, but that is another story called AIG.

Not only had the subprime system been affected so had the adjustable rate mortgages, which Allen Greenspan had just said were a good idea. The borrowers were not worth what they said and this is the death nail, the homes were vastly overpriced because of the glut of new buyers who should not be in the market, so if they all default, the home prices crash, the loans are worthless because the homes are worth a fraction of the loans making the banks are insolvent. That happened, we shot a few trillion dollars at the problem, that was not nearly enough. 

Those loans are still on the bank's books because TARP was a cover story to not let people know all major US banks were insolvent.. and still are. We still give banks money just to prop up the balance sheets through the discount window and the plan is to grow out of this through inflation in 8-12 years wiping out nearly an entire generation of growth and savings.

When you hear a politician rail against regulations, remember when lack of regulation enforcement almost made the ATM's stop working. 

Here is a man explaining the whole thing, his name is Bill Black he also was the one who exposed the Keating Five: http://harryshearer.com/duis-id-nulla-et/

Must include that free market policies maintained by the government and a housing bubble (along with poor monopolistic legislation and corporate regulation) caused this
Too big to fail is also good. Its in HBO on demand right now.
Tagged for later.
EVERYONE should watch this movie. If everyone in the country understood the true extent of Wall-Street's crimes, there would be a revolution tomorrow.
These sociopaths pulled off the biggest scam in history and just exactly how many went to jail?
Try writing three or four checks on an empty bank account sometime and see where it get you.
When the US brought Tim Geithner on board to run the Treasury after he profited handsomely from the collapses (via Bear Stearns), anyone with half a brain should have figured that the entire game was rigged.
His name is Henry Paulson!
His book Predator Nation expands on the points in the subject matter or feel like you might have disagreements with some of the interviewees that he freeze frames on one guy doing a devious finger pyramid.
LEL implying home buyers where not at all to blame. 
Fantastic documentary. Highly recommended
The big short does a much better job of describing the absolute insanity. 

Basically it was a con job so lucrative that everyone involved was corrupted by the money. From moodies, to the loan originators, to the major insurer AIG. They all new the stuff was toxic as hell. They were doubling its toxicity with credit default swaps, then selling it to pension holders and retirees in tranches that they rated AAA. 
They stole a generations retirement money. And they knew. They knew what shit they were peddling. 

This is why it is so dangerous to allow short term profits. Everyone was getting paid out on the quarter while the rest of us pay in years.
I've heard so many good things about this, yet I always just click family guy on Netflix. Thank ya. 
What could ever be done to prevent the entire filled ladder from beneath from simply climbing up the next rung when the top was removed?

It seems like no one wants to call out innate default setting instinct of insatiable lust for greed and power that plagues most of our species as the cause of this.  

Unless we are willing to alter the reptilian brain base foundation that our human mind is built upon, I fail to ever see being able to teach every human to control and master the desire to hoard vast amounts of wealth and reign power over other humans through social status, political rank, military rank, publicity through popularity in celebrity status, etc. 

You are fighting instinct like it was a criminal act.

it takes an incredible amount of willpower to put a stranglehold on the greed that exists inside the majority of us. And you must maintain constant vigilance over it. 

How do you think this could ever be accomplished for the majority of humans aside from restructuring our brains? 


But I thought it was Bush's fault? 
The best part is how the u.s. created 700 billion out of thin air,  and no one has a clue if any of it was " paid back",  of other than the top notch "proof" of a Wikipedia page,  or pixels on a screen, shaped into letters and words.
Gotta love the ending credits song. [MGMT - Congratulations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB7IAXrCkO8)
It happens about every 10 years.
Might want to consider GSE's in the game and their implications in the resulting crisis. AIG &amp; Fannie Mae providing swaps without hedging their positions... All thanks to policy pushed at the time to push mortgages for economic growth. Assuming this was a move perpetrated by companies alone is quite a narrow scope of a worldwide economic crisis. This was done by people, of all positions and backgrounds. 
Now they're the ones financing the Presidential campaigns.

I'm sure everything will be fine

its not your fault there's nothing you can do its just the way it is

its not your fault there's nothing you can do its just the way it is

its not your fault there's nothing you can do its just the way it is

its not your fault there's nothing you can do its just the way it is
The downside of this in the best interest of the glut of new buyers who should not be in the resulting crisis.
What
The Community Reinvestment Act may have been vastly smaller and the price the better.
"Caused" and "Were the cause of" are two VERY different things.... just saying...
The downside of this movie.
corruption can't live with it, can't live without it
I think they honestly believed they could transmute the worst of the investment banks profits, many of them would have dried up.
dis on netflix. 
bush did 911
Terrible, low information film. It's the left-wing version of mainstream Republican narratives.
Edit: I'm a harsh critic, I should try not to be too negative, or at least things more politely, it turns people off from ideas. Realistically though, it's not gonna give you the level of understanding of a good academic book and is filled with bad information. Definitely not saying the banks were saints or faultless.

This, and many other subjects, are far more complex than you're going to get out of a film.

For example, Glass-Steagall was never repealed, and it had nothing to do with the crisis: www.google.com/search?q=glass+steagall+myth

Someone brought up before that searching for "glass steagall myth" isn't a very good way to research it because you'll only get one side of the argument, but the reason I'm doing this is because most people have already gotten one side of the argument, it's just the one that's in line with their biases. If you read them it shows conclusively how misunderstood this issue is.

This is my favorite book on the subject, it's actually relatively short and easy to get through, even for a layperson, contains a host of fascinating information. One of the most interesting parts is how nearly every mainstream narrative, regardless of ideology, turns out to be unsupported; most really surprised me. It seems to have mainly been the basel capital regulations and the recourse rule that were the proximal cause.

http://www.economicthought.net/blog/2012/05/regulating-towards-depression/
And the republicans in congress are trying there hardest to get rules that prevent them doing the same thing revoked, seriously they are and it is amazing that nobody is talking about it.
2010? Please. It's 2015 and we're still trying to figure out exactly what happened. 
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." Edmund Burke

I mean at least in my internet bubble things like the link above become more and more obvious and still things seem to remain the same. The quote above might be an explanation. But maybe Bernie Sanders is a hope once more and this time more than just a hope...
We created this mess by lending money to people who didn't have good credit and defaulted on these payments. 

On one side you got people arguing "Look banks are giving money to help us get a house even though we don't make enough, its a god send someone is helping us realize the american dream"

On the other side you have "Look banks are lending people to get rich by creating fancy financial instruments from our loans!"

The truth is, you shouldn't have taken a mortgage if you can't afford it. Ultimately that's the problem. But we need stricter regulations because people can't manage themselves. Wall St. trusted the american people to pay back money they owed. 
Such a good documentary, I watched it repeatedly on whatever cable network was free that month. Then I bought it for the extras. Not that much extra content, but I still watch it regularly. It's very compelling.
There is nothing to see here. Those financial execs were simply doing the bidding of the global elite.

Bow down and embrace a new world order.
TL;DW: the US government caused it all:

Banks traditionally invest in a bunch of stuff.  High risk investments can give a quick huge return, or alternatively, can lose a ton of money just as fast.  Low risk investments generally make a little bit of money, but usually very slowly.  In theory, they balance this mix out to sometimes capitalize on the risky investments, but hedge that risk with the lower risk/return investments. 

 Enter the government...  They say "hey, we want everyone to be able to get a house, after all, it's the American dream.  If they default on their loans, we'll cover it and pay you back."     

So now, banks know they can get quick money on the risky investments, without the risk.  If they lose on the risky investments, what do they care?  Uncle Sam has their backs!  

It's the same thing that is going on with student loans...  The government backs those loans, no matter what.  So now more people can "afford" higher education.  Schools get the tuition regardless, banks make the loans because they are guaranteed to get their money back.  Again, it's the "American dream" to get a college education, so everyone should be entitled to it!
I feel like this is just subtlety blaming just Republicans for this, for some reason. 
Everyone should watch this film. 
And all those top CEOs should be sent to jail for life.
Its sickening what the greed of a handful of men can do to millions of others. The only candidate that we have a hope of actually STOPPING THE MACHINE is Bernie Sanders. 

Reagan, Bush, Clinton.. it doesn't matter the political party, the corrupt bankers are routinely put into the position to regulate their own industries. Its enraging.. How can ANYONE see this and possibly vote for Hillary or Rubio etc?
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/concentrationofwealth] [Inside Job (2010) – how US financial executives created the 2008 financial crisis, 2011 Best Documentary Oscar winner • \/r\/Documentaries](https://np.reddit.com/r/ConcentrationOfWealth/comments/3tqkus/inside_job_2010_how_us_financial_executives/)

- [/r/shitstatistssay] [Just everything said about this documentary.](https://np.reddit.com/r/Shitstatistssay/comments/3tse0p/just_everything_said_about_this_documentary/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
What pisses me off is that these facts only come out after a minority of people have made millions on screwing millions of people, and will never be brought to justice, because there were no regulations that made what they did illegal.
As fucked as the whole financial crisis was, this movie is just a piece of left wing propaganda.
major gripe:  fact checking is terrible here

4:34 - "American accounting firms, like KPMG" 
          (KPMG is headquartered near Amsterdam)

6:51 - "Paul Vocker, Former Federal Reserve Chairman"
          (his name is Volcker)

7:02 - "Dominque Straus-Kahn"
          (impressive, they got his first AND last name wrong)

need I keep watching?
Whoa, another pro-Socialist documentary which has conveniently won an Oscar...
Don't forget the millions of Americans buying homes they couldn't afford with 0% created it also.

Buying a house you have no way of paying back was not compulsory.


Market crashes happen regularly. They are part of the business cycle. We are consumers play a huge part in how big and how long the recessions last.

Just in case you thought financial executives are the reason this happens - they aren't. They are just one of many equal parts.
Will wait for the Christian Bale version, "I'm Bankman."
My tea party facebook friend says the Fed caused the recession. Is this accurate?
It was a good film, but tried way to hard to be bipartisan about the causes of the crash. There were Dems with shit on their hands, but it was fully a right wing cluster fuck. 
I'm not sure why it's relevant that people in finance bought houses in the Hamptons or allegedly did copious amounts of coke.  This seems like a smear tactic, when the facts should just speak for themselves.  

To me, this just makes the film producers seem biased and undercuts their objective ability to report on the topic.
Inside Job? What is this, another conspiracy theory film? LOL so I guess it talks about how the Federal Reserve is evil and all that... 

Occupy Wall St and down with the big banks! 

You people have no idea how economics and banking works.

Money controls our lives, money controls the world, but to think there are men who control money... now that's crazy talk. 
Thought this would be about something else when I read the title

*loosens tin foil hat* 
.
I despise oversimplification. This documentary trades in oversimplification.
You elected Obama?  We will show you real power...
I don't understand why this is being upvoted. Did nobody see this film when it came out? It was horrifying.
Fire cant melt steel!

Team America ruined Matt Damon for me :(
.
Man I hope he finds his family. 
It's amazing how calm he is with the world. 
Real Question: How hard would it really be to track down his family? 
I've decided... not to stay.

At least he wasn't expecting hoverboards like everyone else
It's interesting how they edited this where at first he sounded uneducated just because of the way he worded things and then as we got closer to the end he sounded more and more wise until he dropped some serious knowledge at the end. Good buildup.
Damn, excelent, excelent little doc
Can't help but think 'what an interesting guy'. 
He was imprisoned in 1971, 44 years of his life gone.  Man that just leaves me in disbelief.
As I sit here and eat my 40 dollar Boston market meal to myself and smoke blunt after blunt feeling sorry for myself for being alone on thanksgiving. Otis made me shed real tears after hearing his story and the last few lines he said about letting go of anger and moving onwards in society... :/
This guy sounds so wise and accepting of all the things that have happened in his life. Like he observed, anger will stagnate your personal development.  
  
I hope he manages to reconnect with his family.
Wow, I've seen this guy out in Riverside Park some mornings. I'll have to stop and say hello next time.
For anyone who is touched by this, I really recommend checking out [writeaprisoner.com](http://writeaprisoner.com/homepage.aspx) and considering writing a letter to an inmate. Some are there for a year, some decades, some on death row. Don't write unless you have a serious intention of building some sort of relationship. 


One of my best friends is a guy who has spent 23 hours/day in a 6x10 cell for over 20 years. He hasn't seen the sunrise or sunset in that long because his window faces north. He is guilty of his crime, but he is kind, thoughtful, caring, intelligent, funny, and wise. His story that led him to prison is heartbreaking. He may never get out, but there's a slight possibility. None of his family talks to him. Not his mother, brothers, daughter, now grandchildren... We've been writing letters for years now. I've been to visit him a few times. We make jokes, talk about books, tell stories, he gives me guidance, and we discuss life. We talk about dreams, hopes, and plans. We play very long games of chess through the mail. Sometimes I send him midget porn because an inmate in a cell near him will pay $5 per picture. He follows sports so I congratulate him when his teams are doing well and give him shit when they don't. 


Most people who have been in prison for a long time have been abandoned by everyone they knew. Eventually family stops writing. Maybe it would take years or decades, but yours probably would too if your life ended up like that. No "Happy Birthday", no "Merry Christmas". No money for the canteen, just the shitty prison food.


Most are guilty of their crime, and some aren't. Most feel remorse and regret. Most are lonely and have very little contact with the outside. Nearly every single one of them could use a friend.
It's a shame, I feel if he could have gotten out 10-15 years ago, he would have so much to look forward to. 69 is just old enough that you can't really start a new life. 
Really puts perspective on long term jail sentences.....Ok, the guy tried to murder a cop, I'm not going to look past that.  But that was FORTY FIVE years ago.  He did it when he was in his youth.  I'm not saying he shouldn't have gone to jail, but for FORTY FIVE YEARS?  He essentially lost his entire life.  The dude's 70 with no money, no assets, no work experience, no job, his fucking clothes probably didn't even fit him anymore when he was released.  Did he really have to lose his entire life for that?
This was absolutely brilliant! Made me full all warm inside.
how does some one go to jail for 44 years for attempted murder but only 20 for actual murder? 
Why is there some mis-information out there?


"In 1970, Otis went away for a crime he admits he committed.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-3333953/Prisoner-jail-44-YEARS-enters-society-left-totally-bewildered-modern-technology-assuming-earbuds-CIA.html

 then in this article, he says he didn't do it....

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/03/his-first-day-out-of-jail-after-40-years-adjusting-to-life-outside.html

Wow, I've seen this guy out in Riverside Park some mornings. I'll have to stop and say hello next time.
It's really sad to see how excited he was over Skippy. It's like the world is exciting but foreign and weird to him so seeing something so familiar, even if it is a jar of peanut butter, makes him all excited and connected.
what did he do to go to prison that long? (can't watch now)
I used to ride a Greyhound bus up and down the east coast of the US a lot that saw a lot of prisoners getting released from federal prisons. I guess they just ask them where they want to go, and get them a ticket, and that's that. 

I once spent 7 hours talking with a guy who spent 10 years locked up (killed a man who killed his sister's baby) and was grilling me about things he had heard about, like "the internet". It was a fascinating conversation.
I love how peaceful he seems, like there`s nothing he would rather do then to simply live. 
Why did I automatically assume his family is dead? 
Him looking at the new things and not knowing reminded me of someone I met who lived in the boonies his whole life and then moved to the city for school. Didn't even know how to use an escalator and was scared to go on elevators. It's hard to believe that there are still people out there who have probably never encountered situations like that, but the way they look and react when you see them really makes you reflect on how far we've come in such a short amount of time. I hope they change the prison systems so that the guys incarcerated for long periods either get shortened sentences or are shown things to keep them up with the times
the story says he went in for attempted murder of a police officer. so he never killed anyone, just attempted?

obviously very serious crime but no parole?
This is the type of person who id love to sit down with and share stories of his life over a cup of coffee. Genuinely interesting short documentary, and the end had me in tears.
Nothing like an overly long sentence to ruin somebody's life. Cases like this should be about rehab and not fucking somebody over until the end of their days. It seems really obvious that this was a scenario that got out of hand and could have been rather easily addressed. But then they wouldn't be able to fuel this prison complex that the country is obsessed with.
Tldr: things changed. People have bluetooths in their ears and peanut butter and jelly comes in the same jar, but good ol skippy pb is still around
Very interesting. Its kind of taboo or maybe dangerous but I wonder if any of these guys need a liaison. Showing oldtimers all the world has to offer is just a great feeling.
The palpable sense of loss is unnerving. Are all the actions attached to the crime, and punishment; indicators of how archaic our system of justice remains? Spare me the cliched B.S. Why don't we do a better job of helping ALL the humans involved in tragedies of such enormous consequence. It would be a better JUSTICE SYSTEM. JMO
I bet he has some interesting things to say. If anything, his voice is terrifically soothing. He should start a youtube channel - Meditate with Otis. 
They should have had a bunch of people dress up as Planet of the Apes characters and meet him when he was released.
44 years for attempted murder!? That is sick.
I really like what he says in the end
Anyone knows if this guy gets a pension or anything from the gvt? I suppose it would be impossible for him to find a job in NY
I wish the best for this guy. I only wish the video was a longer to get to know more about his life and how he's currently living after coming out of prison (that interests me, I've watched so much about while people are in prison, but I've got little to no clue about what happens when they leave). 
I feel like reddit should adopt this guy.  He seems to really want a family.  ...And if we do, we gotta get him to stop eating chemfoods.  He seems to be unknowingly eating horrible shit.
https://youtu.be/zRBl0GPBm4o
[deleted]
Interesting vid, but mentions very little about his experiences coming back into the world after 44 years - they really could have made that quite interesting
Crazy World. Man in peace.
Unless he was in solitary confinement that entire time I find it strange he doesn't know what an iPhone is. They have TV and newspapers and shit in prison, it's not like he stepped out of a time machine 
Damn, excelent, excelent little doc
he was beautifully philosophical.  i imagine it takes a lot to break yourself out of those walls, mentally.
You got me. Shit I feel bad now.
aren't there other people in the prison who would have conveyed atleast some of the things he's flabbergasted by to him while in prison?
This man is a lesson of forgiveness and love. 
Incredible wisdom in the last 15 seconds of this video.
Wow, this is one of the most amazing things I have seen in a while.
Well, if this documentary shows his true face, I would wish anybody to meet a guy like this and try to see the everyday life thought his/her eyes.
I don't know why he acts so surprised. I mean there are cell phones in prison, they're illegal but there are. There are televisions there and he is able to see what people are up to. He is just experiencing it I guess.
That was a strange 6 minutes. You want to see him do well, but somewhere you know his best days have been taken away from him. 

What I did love was his spirit. The way he feels no ill will to his government or thinks society owes him. He just wants to enjoy his freedom. I hope he finds his family and gets some luck with the remainder of his life. 
Surely we could fund a PI in NY to help find his family?
@nightlights , Thank you i really enjoyed this

Please can somebody tell me the name of the song?
Interesting flash at end of video. 
Max sentence in Norway the MAXIMUM penalty is 21 and those are rare.
The difference between a punitive justice system exists to be behind bars.
"you have to move forward. That's how I SURVIVE society."

Fuck man, this has me in tears. As someone who holds on to a lot of justifiable anger this is so moving and so painful. I love this man. More than that, I love is view on life. 
Most people who actually deserve a large sentence, but that is your problem, and your problem alone.
...And if we can do to rehabilitate people or set them on the case, not much out there.
They have cable TV in prison, college courses, newspapers, magazines, libraries, etc. He knows all about the world.
His story that led him to find a job in NY I don't think so.
put the old personality in the new body.. rather hang out with a jolly fat guy than a skinny one that wears shades indoors
That is so weird, I was unaware that they didn't have television, movies, or radio in prison.  Weird that had no magazines either.  I guess he was kept in solitary for 44 years?
He did try to kill a cop so he can find his family.
He seemed most impressed by the peanut butter and jelly in a single jar, even moreso than by iphones.
I really liked what he said about anger and letting it go. Or not feeling owed by society and how that's good for personal growth.. 

I probably shouldn't feel so much empathy for him, he did commit a serious crime in his youth. Though I nearly feel he shouldn't have had to spend so long in prison. He seems like he's been rehabilitated for a long time. Judging by his calm demeanor and wisdom he's been the way he is now for a long time. 

I don't know the whole story about his crime, it's possible he was supposed to serve more than 44 years and he was let off early. Though I nearly wish he could've been given a few more years of freedom.
I hope this man lives a happy and comfortable life now.

Anyone know the name of the song? 
Can anybody clip together the 5:26 to 6:19 of the video? This would be an awesome part to wake up to everyday..
will be saving this for later, but anyone know if this has spanish subs?

Would like to watch it with my wife, but she isn't very good with english!
It's amazing how calm he is with the world. 
"I'm used to being by myself..." I cried. This was heartbreaking.
that usa food shocks me almost as much as it does him.
brings a damn tear to my eye.
This is so crazy for me as a dane. The person who has been jailed for the longest time in Denmark in modern times is Palle Sørensen (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palle_S%C3%B8rensen). He shot and killed four police officers while trying to escape in a car with stole goods after a burglary spree. This was in 1965. He served almost 33 years in prison and was then released in 1998 when he was 71 years old. This is by far the longest sentence in modern history. Usually people serve about 12 years in jail for premeditated murder. 

Great piece though. I'd love to see more like it. 
I'm shocked no one is talking about his technology comments. People staring at their phones while they manuveur through the world and constantly using headphones. It's really depressing when you think how much social interaction has changed in the last 10 years.
Do they not have TV or internet in prisons???

Edit: I checked. [They do allow limited, supervised internet in prisons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_in_prisons)  
And they most certainly have TV. 
This is just so heartbreaking.

You can see just how truly removed from society this man was. The world moved on without him and now he's picking up the pieces with child-like wonder.

I hope my generation finds an alternative to prisons, while they are needed to keep some of us away, it's a medieval and brutal solution.
A big change is actually being able to watch videos of crooked, racist cops committing the same evil, dishonest and violent crimes as they did in his time.  Just like back then they still always get away with it too!
Where is the full version? Why isn't this the priority of this thread?
This is the perfect Jiffy commercial. *coughsponsoredcontentcough*/s
For real people give this man any help you can. What a fucked up situation.  
God bless Mr.Johnson.
It's just so depressing an entire life wasted from a stupid split second decision.
Fuck.
I think everyone is missing the point of this documentary. It's not about what this man has lost it's about him finding peace within himself not from his surroundings. 
Fuck man that was so interesting. It's so hard to wrap your head around the idea of spending over 40 years of your limited time on earth confined to the areas of a prison facility. 

The part about losing contact with his family really cut me deep too, that really sounds horrible and I can't imagine the pain he feels.

Poor guy, what a waste of a life.
"The world went and got itself in a big damn hurry"- Brooks
What does he do for a living?
I love his attitude. No grudges to society or attitude of entitlement. It could be really easy for him to take that attitude too. Having been given everything for the past 44 years. 
The man is 69 years old, but when I look in his eyes and hear him speak about things, I see a man still in his 30s.  More knowledgeable about aspects of himself, but there's something about him that still seems very young, unaffected by the stresses and knowledge that come with living day to day in the real world.
This is really nice for Thanksgiving, it's so cool to see the world in the eyes of someone who respects every little thing.
A stupid young man + violent crime = merciful punishment, education and rehabilitation.
Black guy 40 years ago in US = Bury him for vengeance. Take his life away. An eye for an eye.
His 44 year sentence didn't help him, his community, his victims and their family, or the USA.
That he appears on utube indicates how terrible life could be 40 years ago for people of color in America.
Given what we know about police now with all the video evidences we have seen, a police probably attempted to murder him instead of him attempted to murder the police, but he still got charged and convicted for the attempted murder anyway.﻿
lol @ all the usual reddit circlejerk comments about how hes actually a "great guy and didn't deserve it."
cue the violence - uhh, i mean violins
[deleted]
Over fabricated like hell. 


You can't tell me being in prison put you under a rock 
Actual journalism? What type of sorcery is this? Cnn? No. Fox? No. It's AL Jazeera oddly enough. 
Please send this to Joe Rogan so he can get this dude on his podcast. 
love to see some research on how many people come out of prison more fucked up than they were before they went in.

There are people with serious fucking problems that should never ever be allowed to menstruate on their issues inside the mental illness boiler of a prison.
.
One of the Apes characters and meet him when his teams are doing well and give him shit when they don't.
I know for a fact he is a political prisoner, probably a Black Panther. Who else just tries to murder cops during the 70's and 80's right? 100% Black Panther.
first thing i thought of when watching: this man needs to eat chipotle ASAP
As your heart aches during this endearing feature, remember that Al Jazeera makes this stuff to try and cause inner turmoil in America.
I don't think this was well done at all aside from simply showing he existed. Yes, there are time constraints, but the entirety of the video was trite sound clips of him being amazed with technology, being out of touch with culture, and missing his family. These are all things each person will deal with as they age, which is why this video did little to actually address not only the circumstances of his arrest and prosecution, but also whether the sentence was justified.

It's a video making light of a doddering old man who's out of touch, not a video that has anything serious to say about the failings of the justice system aside from the barest information in the video's premise.
Holy shit!

A black person that doesn't believe the white man is responsible for all his problems!?

Must be the fact that he hasn't been exposed to the Israeli/Government Media here in the U.S...

Here in the U.S.

Everyone is the problem but the JEWS!
am I supposed to care about a con??
Serve dog slice and pick the absurdity. 
One thing I learned from fallout 4 is that everyone is a human being just like you underneath. As terrible as they may seem to have been.
[deleted]
When da fuck dey make all dese kool-aid flavors "dawg"?
Maybe if the moron wouldn't of attempted to kill a cop his life wouldn't be shit!
are we supposed to care about a convict?
Of course he's black
This man is elderly. Can't stop thinking that there's the possibility one day the penguin might return and not find him...

:(

edit: That man is younger than I thought, isn't he...
I want a penguin bff  
  
edit: Today I am officially announcing my candidacy for US President on the Penguin platform. Under my administration Penguin ownership will be mandatory and subsidized by tax breaks for all Penguin owners and breeders. My first action as President will be to introduce multiple Penguin colonies in the northern states seeing as all known Penguins are native to the southern hemisphere. This will be a vital first step in jump starting our Penguin based economy.
The Penguin News Headline: "Local flock member's beach house found to be occupied by same human every holiday."

*"So there I was, all oiled up, working on my tan, scoping out the local talent... and out of nowhere this nice human picks me up, gives me a bubble bath, feeds me a primo sardine dinner...  So I figure, sure, why not?  I owe him some couch surfing time...   Four. Years. Later..."* 

 
I want a shanty near the ocean
That narrator is super excited
[deleted]
x-post from /r/videos credit to /u/mrcapgras

This animal remembers a helping hand more than most humans do.
Now I want a penguin friend
Penguins, like many birds, imprint. So this penguin might have either filially imprinted or sexually imprinted on the guy. 

This is why researchers who deal with birds/penguins are careful not to have these animals imprint on them. Once a penguin/bird imprints, you can't undo it. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imprinting_(psychology)


Here's a video of ducklings that filially imprinted on a human.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJMof_HX1uU


Here's a video of a chick that filially imprinted on a tortoise.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aws4bWH1CQM


Here's a video of a hawk that sexually imprinted on a human.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9PbYxVqN1w

I wonder if the Penguin has bonded with the guy and think it's his/her mate and expected to get babies. Or maybe it really likes sardines. And a man who gives them. 
Im all MGTOP now

men getting their own penguin
My spirit animal is a penguin, what's yours?
Shortest Documentary, seems like a informational video?
Something about rescuing a broken animal always leads to loyalty. 
I thought this would be about Cobblepot visiting Gordon.
I wonder why so many dislikes on youtube...
That was very touching. I better log off the internet before I see something depressing.
The fact that this wasn't some forced and biased "ANIMALS ARE LIKE PEOPLE" click bait made me find it endearing. 
Other videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3rvelb?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Penguins of Madagascar TRAILER 2 (2014) Benedict Cumberbatch Animated Movie HD](https://youtube.com/watch?v=retX8Wj7JdM)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rvelb/_/cwrqytz?context=10#cwrqytz) -  I doubt the first penguin told the other penguins where this guys lives, that he&amp;#39;s nice enough to rub heads with, and that they should only ever go one at a time for about 8 months.   Penguins can be pretty crafty... 
[Senkveld: Truls Svendsen intervjuer Elijah Wood, Happy Feet](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ve79ULJPUYw&amp;t=37s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rvelb/_/cwrqj6s?context=10#cwrqj6s) - It is not &amp;quot;penguins&amp;quot;.. it is called a &amp;quot;pøngvin&amp;quot; 
[Jurrasic Bark Ending.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=AK3PWHxoT_E&amp;t=66s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rvelb/_/cwrq82s?context=10#cwrq82s) - The feels... 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Jingjing swims 1000's of miles away and returns every couple months. I still use my GPS to get to work.
Why don't we eat penguins?
Pen^2 !
Was anyone else more amazed by the fact that Brazil has penguins than the friendship between this particular penguin and his retired bricklayer man-friend? My mind was blown.
Dolphins are smarter than humans. 
Oh god that's cute
so sweet..
tfw when no penguin friend :(
so cute!
im in love
I met this penguin, he is extremely racist and will openly berate blacks in public.
Any other Gotham fans here? 
as someone who just bought my own place and hate being here by myself, I'm the penguin that visits my parents' place cause I'm lonely. :(
That's adorable
Nice story!
This is only the beginning...all of you have been warned...
Penguins are just awesome. I really love this
http://terravidz.com
That's awesome!
Any other brazilian person out there thought the guy had named the penguin "din din" instead of jinjin, and had a laugh at it? Lmao
*the feels*

 Sorry I can't help but think what would happen if either one of them dies that would be so sad :(
Any other Gotham fans here? 
As one of the youtube comments says, "Maybe he just wants more sardines"
bruh
Not a penguin, but another heart warming reunion : http://tosh.cc.com/video-clips/kavm16/an-emotional-reunion
If you turn up the volume really loud you can pick up that the penguin keeps telling them that he is looking for Mr. Popper. Language barrier is a bitch. What penguin in her right mind would bother learning Portuguese?
x-post from /r/videos credit to /u/mrcapgras

Is that sidney crosby
Penguins, like many birds, imprint. So this penguin might have either filially imprinted or sexually imprinted on the guy. 

This is why researchers who deal with birds/penguins are careful not to have these animals imprint on them. Once a penguin/bird imprints, you can't undo it. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imprinting_(psychology)


Here's a video of ducklings that filially imprinted on a human.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJMof_HX1uU


Here's a video of a chick that filially imprinted on a tortoise.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aws4bWH1CQM


Here's a video of a hawk that sexually imprinted on a human.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9PbYxVqN1w

He should have named him Pen Pen (Pen²)!! I guess Jin Jin is close enough though.
Can I just upvote without comment? I would have preferred that, but here we are.

That was going to be all, but I was told that I was "doing that too much" and that I should try again in 5 minutes. Can't find the reason for the restriction in the sidebar. But with this being my first foray into Reddit, I'll likely learn why in due course.
My heart. So cute. T__T
Bruh
Story seems more like, penguin has lost natural life skills due to pampering by old man so has to keep returning and spending *8 months* (wtf!!) of the year with him.

When the old man dies, the penguin will be in trouble. I hope someone else will feed it.
It's actually kinda cute. Feel bad for the shanty though
How does the penguin or him know when to meet?
Do they WhatsApp?
That's guys feet were gross as fuck had to immediately turn the video off.
He's fucking it.
Original video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6McB0jhPWqs
I didn't see this was /r/Documentaries and thought this was about the show *Gotham*.
He's fucking it.
[deleted]
Mirror?

Edit: [found one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63zubdqM_eQ)
Schwarzenegger and Nye, two completely separate sides of my childhood, now one battling science together. 

My life is now complete. 
I'll just leave this here...
http://i.imgur.com/mkTTtYx.jpg
30:55 no way that's whiskey, Randy. That's friggin iced tea.
so how much weight does the 2030 prediction carry?
why did that one guy say no nuclear? It is clean isn't?
De ice cops ahh melttinggg! GET TO DYA  CHYOPPAAH H H H !
[deleted]
In an attempt to head off some of the misinformation in this thread here is a piece that gives a pretty good summary of what we now know about the human impact on global temperature:

[http://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2015-whats-warming-the-world/](http://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2015-whats-warming-the-world/)

Earth's long term temperature changes over time due to its tilt and orbit(milankovitch cycles), but the current measured temperature change is happening far too fast for this to be the cause. The sun's measured energy output has not varied enough to account to any change. Volcanic activity has not risen enough to account for a change. The only thing that strongly correlates with the rise in temperature is the rise in greenhouse gas emissions. There is no other cause that comes close to the explaining the current temperature increase. 


Arnold on climate change : "IT'S NOT A RUMOUR!"
This doc turned me around on the subject. I wouldn't say I was ever a denier, I have always accepted that the earth is getting warmer. I, like the Florida guy, assumed this was part of the Earth's and the Sun's natural cycle and not due to human activity. I have finally had it explained to why I was wrong. On one side I am very happy to have it right in my head now, on the other-side I am extremely angry that there is so much misinformation out there and that I was on the wrong side of the debate for so long. Thanks for sharing.  

Note: While I was wrong on the cause of climate change, I have always been on the side of green energy and waste reduction, as I really hate the mess we are making on this planet.
These two people will be cool forever by not even trying while there are yearly recycled celebrities that strive for the amount of mentioning these folks get.
The scene with Mike Hill made me so angry.  Bill asks him about what would happen if all people living on Florida's coast no longer had a place to live, and he said "they would move inland, so what."  It's honestly a disgrace that someone who knows nothing about the issue, and doesn't care for his state's people gets elected to public office.  

Edit: Please research climate change and see the thousands upon thousands of scientific studies reaching consensus before believing the one article you found on facebook. 
One complaint is that guy who said we'd all be dead in 15 years. I agree that climate change is a huge issue facing the world, but saying we're all going to die in 15 years is a blatent scare tactic. All the right-wing news outlets are going to take that clip of him and use it to try and discredit the entire green movement. They shouldn't have given him as much time as they did.
&gt;""Bill Nye's Global Meltdown..." This video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by National Geographic Channel. 
I love how the politician denying climate change goes:

earth always gone through cooling and warming cycles, so it's normal

And then he asks "but who kept the historical records back then?"

So how exactly does he know about the cooling and warming cycles??? Cherry picking/ignorance in a nutshell
Guys! It's a trick! I watched the whole 43 minutes and not once did Bill Nye have a meltdown!
I had to research this for a speech. What really made me sad is that, according to NASA, even if all greenhouse gas production stopped, the Earth would continue to get warmer for another multiple decades, even possibly centuries. We've essentially already fucked the Earth.
...Compelling argument for disbelievers. Horror show for those who already believed...
ITT: Climate change deniers
I clicked on it...saw 2 secs and thaught....I have to watch this a bit later with maximum attention....check it out 2 hours later....and now.....copyright bullshitt...
New link

https://youtu.be/63zubdqM_eQ
This doc scared the shit out of me.

Source:
I live in Florida
/r/conspiracy is leaking... I can't believe how many people are taking umbrage with something as basic as bloody climate change. 
Two people i love and respect. 

The only downside to this is their short-sighted vision on *who* should tackle climate change. Its obvious letting Government be the ones to push this great narrative, is an absolute mistake. Love these guys though. 
He came to UIC last week on Wednesday. He spoke about climate change and urged us to... Dare I say it.... CHANGE THE WORLD! 


Nye was just at my school last week and gave an awesome presentation about climate change. go UIC
No humans on Earth by 2030, yea no. Giving that man a voice hurts the video. 
ITT: Why we will never find a solution to climate change. The world is full of far too many morons.
Thank you Dr. Schwarzenegger.
Schwarzenegger made the civilian Hummer happen, and loves to drive tanks. Definitely the right one for this job.
I'm a fan of Arnold, really, but I hate being told about climate change by people who fly around in private jets and drive enormous cars.  And he's far from the only one.
Billarnold Shwarzenyeger.
Regardless of your perspective, it's ironic to watch someone campaign against climate change by visiting dozens of cities and getting great video from helicopters. Any solution to CO2 has to have at least an element of demand side constraint. As long as consumers are using 94 million barrels a day, it doesn't matter if the oil is from the oil sands, the gulf, saudi or anywhere else - the oil is being burned. 

Why is reddit so close minded about discussing climate change? 

I agree something needs to be done but the vitriol spewed at anyone who dares not follow the narrative put forward is silly.

Also propaganda you agree with is still propaganda. Decent piece anyway I guess. Not sure who they're pandering to though, all their followers are all in already. 
Maybe we should stop building by the beach. They took 62 billion after hurricane Sandy and where did the rebuild? Yep, that's right, right back on the beach where it was. I guess the federal government really isn't concerned. We'll be fine as long as you're 20 feet above sea level. My homes are at 6700 feet in Show Low and 1400 feet in Phoenix. I think I'll be OK.﻿
The vast majority of so-called 'deniers' believe the science of the greenhouse effect. That's not really a political issue. The idea that the greenhouse effect is a political issue is a convenient lie told by people who really want Climate Change to be used as a reason to enact policies that are only weakly connected to Climate Change, if at all. 


This may not be popular, but I thought Arnold Schwarzenegger was one of the best Governors California has had in a long time. He was much better than any of the other candidates and much better than the mostly terrible California legislature. 
i stopped watching at "97 percent of scientists say human co2 are causing climaye change, everyone ekse is a denier".. (or words to that effect) 

as i recall, this statement is an inaccurate summary of the "97% consensus" study of peer reviewed papers. even the most outspoken climate change skeptics are happy to agree that human co2 emissions are at least partly (or more) to blame here

not eveey skeptic is a "denier", and  setting up the tone of this show that way just alienated me...
Why would it matter if the planet has no more sensible people that live on it? Priorities, lets check that 
I read the first half of the title and immediately had a little internal panic attack. My brain went, "Global meltdown? Oh God, no... No, not Bill Nye, please don't let Bill Nye end up blasted all across social media with a tantrum or a screaming fit or something.

Oh thank GOD, they mean Global Warming. PHEW!"
No one else is surprised to see Bill smoking in this?! I mean I get he's going through his 'depression phase', but c'mon! 
This is not about some trivial thing like the outcome of an election--it's about the possible **self-extinction of our species**.

If you do not accept the science behind global, humanity-annihilating climate change, then you are taking the ultimate risk for your "political" beliefs. If you're wrong--our species is annihilated and all non-bacterialogical life will be extinct on this planet.
We seriously need to stop giving tax breaks to oil companies while providing no incentives for Solar. 
I love that Bill Nye is still out there being awesome.  I wasn't allowed to watch him as a kid because he taught evolution.  As an adult I'm trying read and watch docs to learn about science.  I never took biology or chemistry in school so have a lot to catch up on.

edit:  If anyone has suggestions please share!
"by 2030 half of the people will be underwater and [dead](https://youtu.be/ra1M7XyyIDA?t=29m15s)." This reminds me of the fear mongering put forth by Al Gore.
21 minutes in and now I'm depressed
Arnold and Bill off to kill climate change "this time it's personal"
Does anyone know where I can read more about the study Bill spoke about at 8:58?

When speaking with the climate change denier, Bill made reference to a study in Greenland about a long slab of ice, and how it records temperature fluctuation over time.
I wasnt sure if it was going to be ISIS or Climate Change that killed me but then i turned off my television and now everything is better.
Where's the righties in this comment thread, declaring how all the docs in this subreddit have a leftest bias'? 
in
That is the most unexpected name I have everseen at the end of a science documentary description.
So I just watched all of this.....was only gonna watch a few min.....
Well, I guess we can say that Nye has gotten out of Ellen's dream.....
title made me think Nye was going to lose his shit on camera and cuss out a bunch of people in a beautiful fashion.
Who carss about the cooling and warming cycles from oxygen isotopes preserved within ice layers.
I wonder if anyone watching this changed their habits (like stop driving cars, taking many airplane trips, recycling rather than trash...etc.)..
There are no subtitles for this documentary, only automatic subtitles.
Bill Nye AND Arnold Schwarzenegger?!? No more needs to be said. I have to see it. 
You had me at Bill Nye and Arnold Shwarzenegger. 
I can't handle 360p for a whole documentary, can I stream it or buy it in HD elsewhere?
Everything is better with the Arnold
Why is 360p considered OK quality to share?  Anyone have an HD link?
I think that climate change is man-made. But there's a lot of misinformation in this documentary. 
Bill Nye trying to lecture me while smoking a cigarette. lol
I am really excited about this doc, but usually documentaries like these leave me very depressed.
So I thought I'd post in the comments here to ask if it made you sad before I go all in.
I'll just leave this here...
http://i.imgur.com/mkTTtYx.jpg
mirror please?
Mirror?
I really don't think Arnold should be anywhere NEAR a video about climate change.  WHY?  Let me explain...

I was born and raised in California.  Around 1998 California began to experience brown-outs and blackouts when electricity usage increased during the summer.  A lot was made about the possible scam being made by power companies, as plants would suspiciously go under "maintainance" at just the right time.

The anger many states had over this was so bad that Bush/Cheney went on national TV and said that there was no issue that they could see.  Just good ol' oil business, that's all.  Aww Shucks!

We eventually lost our Governor to a recall, and voted in a Republican (Arnold) who (surprise surprise) forced the state to sign very bad energy contracts.

Fast forward one year and we find out ENRON was fixing the energy market by buying and selling from themselves and manufacturing the whole energy crisis.

We lost our governor, we got screwed by the contracts, the White House distanced themselves while ENRON went down in flames and Arnold did the Republican thing and probably slept like a baby on a mattress stuffed with money.

Unless Bill Nye used an effigy of Arnold to beat with a bat and set afire, Arnold should be no where near any documentary about the environment or energy related subject.
Warning: please check peoples comments before responding to them, I'm seeing a lot of Chinese plant's on this page.
Link got taken down 
For those arguing that China is not feeling the effects of climate change (of which bee stress is a symptom):  https://www.chinadialogue.net/article/show/single/en/5193-Decline-of-bees-forces-China-s-apple-farmers-to-pollinate-by-hand
Wow, came back to watch this and it's taken down. I thought National Geographic was better than that.
If Canada's tar sands are the biggest contributor in the world, why is the air quality in Fort McMurray, Alberta's largest tar sand producer, not nearly as bad as it is in most Chinese or US major cities?

Did I misunderstand that part of the video or something?
I think a more reliable source in my (minimally climate educated) opinion is Randall Carlson.

Want information on climate change?
Heres' 3 hours of R.C. on Joe rogans podcast looking at climate change on a Large millennial scale. Its not boring and pretty casual, they go into some great discussions.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0Cp7DrvNLQ 
The guy who said were all dead in 15 yers creeped me out....what if hes right?
Wow - explained the Alberta oil sands and Keystone XL pipeline issue amazingly clearly - [See 12:03]( https://youtu.be/ra1M7XyyIDA?t=723)
#GET TO DA DOPPLER
Ask GreenPeace how much it costs to start up that  helicopter? There was quite a bit of air travel going on in this documentary, again fossil fuels. 
I just watched one of Bill's old episodes in my Physical Science class today.....^guys ^I'm ^in ^college
Before watching this, do they talk about animal agriculture..?
minute 2:22 "science got us into this mess, maybe science can get us out" is an ignorant statement. science did not get us into this mess. greed, gluttony, sloth, and politicians got us into this mess. science was just the vehicle that was used. 
I couldn't watch after he microwaved the water.
We must overthrow capitalism.
Bill Nye has a bachelors degree in mechanical engineering...and that's it. 
Bill Nye and Arnold Schwarzenegger? This is heaven.
[Schwarzenegger owes the State and People of California 9 billion dollars](http://www.democracynow.org/2003/10/6/schwarzenegger_accused_of_involvement_in_9b) that he and his greasy friends, Ken Lay and Michael "Junk Bonds" Milken conspired to steal from us in 2000.


You can't argue with a retard. It's simple as that.  
All these people who don't believe in what happening around them, are just as fucking dumb as the people whom follow religions...   
Very mainstream - simple to follow - easy to understand - presented both sides and simple scenarios. 
from someone who is keeping an open mind and still 'on the fence' regarding this issue I feel that this documentary was somewhat unconvincing overall. although, it did have some thought-provoking material. the work done by prof. Guy McPherson was quite alarming. prof. mark Jacobson's approach was quite refreshing. 
Damn. Becoming a default sub has ruined this subreddit. The top comment is a barely funny quip devoid of cleverness, and most of the rest is climate deniers bickering. Time to unsubscribe.
Forget about demonstrating any real science that might support what he is talking about. 

This documentary is just a bunch of useless fluff. 

I'm all for having debates on the science of climate change...but this is...crap. 
I just keep seeing Arnold driving around in his tank and HumVee.  Doesn't quite make for a believable climate-change spokesman.
Damn Canada. You're a dirty emission whore!
[&gt; with Bill Nye and Arnold Schwarzenegger](http://media.giphy.com/media/qhURwEDavrGQE/giphy.gif)
Whoa whoa whoa whoa...

Arnold "Gas Guzzler" Schwarzenegger is in a documentary with Bill Nye about Global Warming...

This I've gotta see!
"Science guys". 
Bill Nye's Global Meltdown sounds like the dopest mixtape of 2015
Looks like bill nye has found his religion, global warming. ISIS members have also found religion, it isn't global warming.

Both groups consider the "science" settled. Although ISIS won't change the name of their religion to suite their agenda.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, as in the guy who helped ENRON? Jesus, do we forget everything?
After reading through these posts and looking at the voting I am more convinced now than ever AGW is a religion of the left.  You lemmings just downvote any view point that even slightly questions your religion no matter how reasoned even though you have no real facts or data to refute them.  You people are worse than any religious fundamentalists.

To all of you that suggest you will just force your view on the non-believers I can only say; I look forward to meeting you on the battlefield.  I hope you're willing to sacrifice blood and treasure for your cause, this won't be keyboard battle from your mothers basement.
Why is bill nye the new authority on climate change? The guys an electrical engineer, what does he know??
Well, the satellite data is showing no warming for the last 18+ years, and CO2 has climbed quickly during this time.
If the AGW theory were true, there would have been warming.
When the observations don't agree with the theory, we usually discard they theory. With climate change, a "settled science", we just don't do that.
The proper response then is to "adjust" the land data, ignore the satellite data, and ignore proper science.
The theory of "global warming" will go down in history as the biggest misuse of science, including the Inquisitions and Galileo.
I wonder if it is ever mentioned in this doc that Bill Nye is a failed comedian that turned into a children's entertainer as a last resort. And now, in order to remain relevant (like Al Gore), he has resorted to climate change propaganda.
"I'll be back." - Bill Nye
I'm gonna be honest here but when two clowns like Bill Nye and Arnold Schwarzenegger are the proponents of climate change, it makes me want to light a propane grill, grill some meat. Screw you, earth. 
... and Arnold Schwarzenegger. Because Arnold Schwarzenegger.
"In psychology there are 5 stages of grief."

- No. Psychology is a science and the 5 stages of grief are not scientifically found.
"In psychology there are 5 stages of grief."

- No. Psychology is a science and the 5 stages of grief are not scientifically found.
A couple of my childhood heroes, unfortunate that they're participating in this pony show now. 
And another one 

https://youtu.be/Fe8enxF6ip0
Its been taken down for copyright infringement. :( Anyone have a mirror?
Whats with the hardon for Bill Nye on reddit? Can you all relate to being dorks? (Yes he's cool now, but you never were).
Worth it for the Tar Sands portion of the show. It was pretty jarring seeing the man-made devastation.

But of course there was no mention of how our dietary decisions are affecting the earth. Cutting down (or even better eliminating) our consumption of meat and animal products would have an enormous effect on the global environment.

But fuck it, people want there cheeseburgers and that's all that matters. So fuck it.
Bill Nye is a disgusting piece of shit who brainwashes children with disinfo. Investigate NASA fraud and flat Earth.
When the Global Meltdown doesn't happen, can we please burn Nye at the stake?

So embarrassing to watch these snake oil salesmen repeatedly get egg on their face with their doom and gloom that doesn't come to pass despite carbon emissions increasing.

It's sad that the media gives them a pass.
nice propaganda.  if we shouldnt listen to actors on vaccines, why parade them around for climate change?  oh ya, they tow the line.
                                                                                                                                                                   




.
`
Why did we stop calling it global warming?
it makes me sad that people on Reddit have actually tried to convince me that China is going to go green and will destroy it's coal factories.  It's like they have no education.
The one thing keeping me from accepting everything about climate change (besides blatant lies to convince people) is the line:

" I can't imagine there will be a human alive in 2030 "

Come on. We aren't watching the tides rise a foot a month, there is no possibility everyone is toast by 2030
K. I understand climate change is an issue. But spending 15 minutes on the oil sands and briefly mentioning China and their environmental standards is completely misleading. China and the US, especially coal mining, trumps the oil sands in CO2 emissions. http://www.financialpost.com/m/wp/blog.html?b=business.financialpost.com//news/coal-worse-than-oil-sands-study
Is Bill Nye a scientologist?
Do they talk about the Ice Caps growing? 
The approximate surface area of all the world's oceans is 3.57 x 10^7 km^2. If the average sea level were to rise by 1mm, it would mean a volumetric increase of 357000 km^3. The combined volume of ice above sea level for both polar ice caps at their maximum growth during both respective winter seasons is 28000 km^3. By these two estimations, if the polar ice caps were to melt completely, it would raise the sea level 0.0784 mm. I'll leave it up to the global warming, *ahem*, "Climate Change" cult if they want to be worried about this.
/r/propaganda
Schwarzenegger? He's [super right wing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKbHA76-Hi0). Good luck fixing the environment with unrestrained capitalism, that's been going great so far. Fuck him.

Bill's pretty cool though.
But.. he's not a scientist. That's what they say. 

College professors aren't scientists either.
The Global Warming Cult is a complete joke at this point.  Whats sad is all the money and resources being consumed by these fanatics.

Fuck them 
What's the point even if are usage go's down china's will keep going up, and there using fuel.
Bachelor degree Bill's liberal shtick is old
Want to stop climate change? Kill celebrities who exclusively use private jets. Quit raping the forests. Stop pumping millions of gallons of water into the ground to get extremely poor quality oil. Work on cleaner cargo ship technology. 

Just saw a climate change commercial attacking an energy provider. It was sensible and didn't exaggerate.
Actually the earth is entering a cooling period that is going to leave a mountain of crow for the global warming nut jobs to eat in a few years.
Oh good. A doc on the most dangerous cult today.
Well its got Bill Nye, and its about climate change.. So I know it will be full of lies, and fools.. 
A documentary about a washed up children's television show host successfully profiting off of a trendy subject that he's no credible expert of, because the young adults that grew up watching him host said children's show are unreasonably zealous about said subject?  Tell me more...
Global warming is a myth. They said all of the polar bears would be dead. There are still lots of polar bears....
As an Indian, this case will never quite leave my mind. The sheer hate of this crime and the evil, twisted rationalization of the lawyers and the rapists still astound me. But I hope you realize that this is not the norm in India. In a country of 1.21 billion, exceptions also tend to run in higher numbers. Please understand that for every monster, there are a million people crying and fighting and protesting with the victim. Do not view India with a bias. Yes India is still developing, but we, as a whole are not uneducated, extremely poor or culturally backward. 
We are a power to be reckoned with. 
I see these comments, and I hope that one day you will understand that most of us are well spoken, highly educated and most of all kind good people. 
Every country has its monsters like USA with their regularl headlines of shootings and hate crimes. 
While we struggle with our issues I implore you not to demean or condemn us but to stand by us. God knows humanity cannot handle much more division
I watched this a few months ago, and it's the only thing I've ever watched to make me sick to my stomach. Such a fantastic documentary.
I think a little context is needed. The incident happened on December 2012. It blew up on social media, and over the next few days people thronged the Raisina hill. Parliament session had been going on and opposition leaders demanded action. Riot police was unleashed and water cannons were used (all ASEAN heads of government were visiting at the time for India-ASEAN summit). People from as far as Nagaland and South India held vigils for her. Protests continued for days. The government airlifted her to Singapore. It was speculated that if she died here things might spiral out of control. When she died her body was repatriated secretly and outside media scrutiny. The PM himself went to the airport to console the family, and the area was cordoned off. Within a month a commmittee (Justice Verma) was appointed and more than a dozen amendments were made in laws. 

This was "outrage and protests". We were shocked and it exposed the weak underbelly of our L&amp;O system, the fact that women felt insecure, that criminals could go around brazenly, and against patriarchal attitudes. 

The "outrage and protests" against this documentary, if you can call it that, was completely different. It was mostly against a narrative that was being constructed, as shown by allegations that the woman tutored the rapist to say what he did, etc. One of the things I remember - she followed British laws of not identifying the juvenile, but didn't follow Indian laws (that she had agreed to) of not naming the victim. 

From someone more eloquent than me - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kd8cPiRKlGM

Co-producer speaks out - http://shankhnaad.net/india/item/212-anjali-bhushan-co-producer-indias-daughter-statement

The friend (co-victim, left alongside to die) who was with her that night speaks out - http://www.ibnlive.com/news/india/nirbhayas-friend-who-was-with-her-on-the-fateful-night-calls-indias-daughter-a-fake-film-972447.html

About the banning, it hasn't been "banned" - http://www.thehindu.com/opinion/lead/indias-daughters-the-ban-that-actually-isnt/article6975342.ece

--------------

I have seen the documentary. I agree with a lot of the stuff presented, but perhaps as an Indian I cannot help but sense that there is, somewhere, an insincere attempt to milk a tragedy and make it fit a predefined narrative. Overall a decent watch, I'd recommend it. Thought it'd be helpful to provide some context from the Indian side.
As the top comment on the thread points out, a little context is needed. So, will try to give my perspective as someone who was 18 at that time and whose college is a stone's throw from where the incident happened. 

The primary reasons for the ban of the documentary were two fold. 
1) Watching a documentary about a brutal rape case could "influence" teenagers and the not so educated people in ways that aren't desirable.
2) Nationality of the director. Leslie Udwin is a British national (?), and many here felt that she had come down to milk a tragedy and make a movie about an incident that shocked the entire conscience of this nation to its core. They called it another attempt to further how India is viewed in the Western world, as the OP pointed out, a country beset with "extreme poverty".

The victim, who was given the moniker 'Nirbhaya' (the one without fear), by the media, for how she fought on for dear life in the hospital, post this, died 15 days later, the most gruesome death imaginable. 

But to say that it didn't affect this " extremely poor" country would be unfair. The case shocked the nation like never before. Never before had India seen such vociferous outrage about the state of women in this country, their safety, and basically, men's attitude towards them. There were large scale protests, candlelight marches, and debates. A panel was sat to suggest changes to the extremely lenient rape laws of this country. Tinted windows were banned from vehicles (officially). The entire nation was glued to its television sets in the aftermath of the incident to check on how Nirbhaya was doing. And a billion hearts sunk when her incredible strength gave in and she passed away.

Apart from the emotional side of it, politically, the state government of the Capital (Delhi), where the incident took place, lost out in the elections, with many pointing to this as being a major reason.

On the positive side of things, the sheer public outpouring of grief fast tracked the courts like never before. In a country where 20-25 year old cases lie without a verdict, the perpetrators of this heinous crime were sentenced within a year. 5 were awarded the death penalty, 1 of them, who was 17 at the time, and the most violent one (he inserted a rod in her vagina and allegedly pulled her insides out), was awarded 3 years in a 'juvenile home'. Yep, you read that right.

But, castration and death to rapists was discussed seriously for the first time in India. People like some self styled Godmen, the lawyer in the documentary who claim that the girl had it coming for roaming around at night with a "male friend" were universally and unabashedly condemned.

The incident lives on in public memory serves as a reminder that those who do not learn from the past, are condemned to relive it.

I saw this movie a few months back and the thing I remember most were the interviews with the defendants' lawyers. They (the lawyers)  are among the most despicable humans ever interviewed. Some of the shit they say was shocking to me.
India isn't beset by extreme poverty, India is beset with an extremely unequal distribution of wealth. 
Banned in India because it broke Indian law.  And only that.  
This woman I believe was attacked brutally with a pipe but survived for a few days. The bastards that did this should be assaulted in the same manner.
The reason people even know about this is because Indians in enormous numbers (almost the entire country of a billion+ people) took to the streets, rioting, to demand justice and changes in attitudes and laws.  Laws were changed, old attitudes are being vehemently challenged and changed. 

Yet westerners want to take this event as an opportunity to malign a country of people speaking out against this and changing for the better.
There's no way you can ban anything in India, especially if it's downloadable.
While the documentary is shocking, I do feel that it was created with an intentional shock value in mind. It was created to sell the story, not to create awareness. It taught me nothing new as an Indian. It did give me an amazing insight into how rapists tend to rationalize, something that happens all over the world with almost every rape ever. Sadly, it has fueled a lot of negative stereotypes against Indians, and manifested in horrible ways. Take that case of a German prof denying admission to Indian students because she was against India's *rape culture*.

Udwin asked a brutal rapist what his opinions are about women. The rapist fucked his victim with an iron rod and beat her and her guy friend nearly to death, and Udwin asked for his opinions. I can bet my life that if brutal rapist-killers all over the world, even in America and Europe, are questioned, they will give similar answers. They will blame the women in the most deplorable fashion while maintaining themselves to be saints. Even the most enlightened societies will have these fuckers. 

India has 1.26 billion people. This case happened 3 years ago and generated public protests. This case made thousands of armchair activists label India as 'the rape capital' and it continues to be remembered fondly whenever India needs to be berated. You know shit has hit the fan when hundreds of thousands of people walk to the streets demanding for a chance. Americans see police brutality nearly every week now, and yet there seems no possibility of people actually walking to the streets protesting it anytime soon. Truth is that public outrage is an extremely difficult thing to attain because of the huge social inertia. Indians would not have cared so much had the entire culture been fucked up. It isn't. It is yearning for a change. It has a powerful constitution as a foundation. I feel optimistic when I remember that America 50 years ago was fucked up, but today it is an excellent society, all because there was the spark to change.

The documentary was banned, but that was partly because Udwin circumnavigated many laws. She gave the rapists a voice while the trial was going on, she disclosed the name of the girl, these are in contempt of the Indian judiciary, which should be respected. The same judiciary handed out sentences to all rapists, while giving the juvenile special consideration because of his age, even when he was the most brutal rapist of them all. At the end of the day, I find that to be a pretty mature decision, regardless of what emotional reactions would want me to say. At the end of the day, the system worked. 
&gt;On 10 January, one of their lawyers, Manohar Lal Sharma, said in a media interview that the victims were responsible for the assault because they should not have been using public transportation and, as an unmarried couple, they should not have been on the streets at night. He went on to say: "Until today I have not seen a single incident or example of rape with a respected lady. Even an underworld don would not like to touch a girl with respect." He also called the male victim "wholly responsible" for the incident because he "failed in his duty to protect the woman".

What an idiotic moron this man is. He should be disbarred because his beliefs are so twisted I can't even fathom.
Sad.
The most shocking movie/doc I've ever seen, but absolutely necessary. Prepare to be rattled.
Amazing documentary...and absolutely chilling.
Between comments on India's space programme and the ones here, it is clear that Indians need to be rightfully suspicious of western people and mindset. Nothing much changed since end of colonization.
People need to watch this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kd8cPiRKlGM
Banned in India because there was a court order to stay the release of the film because it did not have the necessary approvals, and BBC went forward with the broadcast anyway.
How can they ban a documentary? India's constitution is explicit in the right to free expression. 
Now how about that one of the american soldiers raping that 14 year old iraqi girl and killing her fanily and burning her alive
&gt; a country beset by poverty and gender inequality

The fuck? That's a huge overstatement. You're talking like we're some extremely underdeveloped orthodox country. 
humans can be such monsters  =(
It was banned for violating Indian laws (not allowed to interview prisoners- in most countries). Not because we're all a bunch of barbarians like the op and rest of the media says.


It's like an Indian journalist coming to the US making a documentary about school shooters titled "children of America" and then complaining about it for being banned in the US.
[Slightly shabby but really insightful blog post about this documentary.](https://asiamediaandglobalization.wordpress.com/2015/03/11/india-the-different-languages-of-the-rape-conversation/)
!!
Apparently it's banned anywhere out of the USA with this link.... 
This is probably going to get buried. If anyone has not watched this documentary, I urge you to do so. I have read many comments about how this documentary is 'scripted' and made for 'shock value' and how it shows India in a 'bad light'. This may be true, but allow me to share my perspective - as an Indian woman.  We can argue about the ulterior motives, numbers and statistics all we want, but the fact is that the world needs to see is documentary, even if it means that we hurt a few patriotic Indian mens' pride. Existing as a woman in India and a country like US are two very different experiences, I know this. The fact is that what happened to Jyoti could have happened to any woman in India. The fact is that the misogyny is not prevalent merely in small sections of the country, but in fact, subscribed to by a large portion of the country albeit at different degrees. It starts small - a girl child is born - the family starts setting aside a dowry. Pretty soon that child is reduced to just that - *something* to marry off as quickly as possible. Soon she has no value of her own, no identity. Continued oppression of women is disguised as 'preserving indian culture'. Be meek, be humble, be modest, they say to a woman. Cover your body, because 'men will be men'. Don't walk alone at night - do you want people to think you are *that* type of woman? Don't spend time ith a guy alone- what will the world think? They focus on blaming revealing clothes, or dark alleys on moonless nights. Anything else to blame but themselves. The horrifying acts committed by the perpetrators are not isolated or unheard of incidents. In every major city, there is a news article about at least one horrible crime against women everyday. Women are burned, they have acid thrown on them or even killed just to 'preserve' some man's sense of 'honor', whether a father, brother or husband. These men think, by some warped reasoning, that their 'smudged honor' deserves to be 'restored'. Their 'honor' is more important that a woman's life. This 'shaming' is not limited to victims of rape, I shudder to think of the fate of a girl who is caught having consensual sex or gets pregnant. What are the consequences for a man? Maybe a certain backlash, but nothing similar to what a woman would be subjected to. If I may speak candidly, it is my opinion that this almost puritanical view of sex has complicated the status of women in India. A woman's entire worth is equated to her 'virtue', whatever that means. If she is seen as anything less than 'virtuous', then she *deserves* to be treated like a slut. India takes victim blaming to whole new level. Something as innocent as going to get coffee with a male friend is seen as 'besmirching the family honor'. And it is always the girl who gets the blame - she won't be marriageable, she is dishonoring the family. The guy gets away because most likely the family lets him do what he wants. His actIons are not under constant scrutiny. He is not asked - where are you going, why, with whom, for how long, are you sure you want to wear *that*? every time he leaves the house. The problem is that the more *enlightened*people in India really believe that treating their sons and daughters with this disparity is necessary and out of love - the girls do need to be more careful, do they not? But if you asked your son where he was going, and what he was doing as often as you asked your daughters, maybe less girls will have to endure catcalls on the streets. Afterall, those guys are somebody's sons. Of course, this is not true of everyone in India; some of my examples are a bit extreme. The reasons why so many protested in the aftermath of this tragedy are complex but many India are crying out for a change. I have tried to share my limited perspective with you, I hope it helps. 
It's a domestic crime,  however this film promotes racism 
It was scripted and inaccurate. If it made you sick to your stomach than it was because the script wanted to make you sick to your stomach.

The lack of accuracy and fake sensationalism made the Govt ban it. 

Here is a link to what the boyfriend thought of the "documentary".

Link:

http://www.dailyo.in/politics/indias-daughter-fake-leslee-udwin-bbc-jyoti-singh-nirbhaya-avanindra-pandey/story/1/2496.html

Edit: What the hell reddit. These are the facts. So why the negative vote.
Not available in Canada.
Pretty certain I posted this same documentary a day or two ago.
Does a ban like this actually stop folks in India from watching it? Serious question, cause my first thought was... Well.... Internet. 
It was actually banned in India because of the rapists' perspectives
I love documentaries, but I just can't get myself to watch this one. Fuck us humans. We are monsters
While this was a seriously horrific incident, it is not the worst of rapes that have been buried in history. I remember reading up on this Russian rapist of the Soviet era who used to target young women and children. He used to get off while torturing them to death. He ended up killing about 45 people before he was apprehended. 

The media was pivotal in bringing to light and even blowing this incident out of proportion. 
To be honest, if you ever look at Indian media, it has the tendency to dramatise every fucking issue. 
India, a country beset by extreme poverty........wtf??!!!??
many others have chimed in with details on the horrific incident so let me give more details on the political side of this documentary.

the documentary maker paid the rape convict 440 pounds (roughly Rs.40,000 which is a very substantial amount for him) into saying what she wanted... in other words to read from her script. the lawyer was also paid. why people think this is any kind of credible documentary is beyond my understanding. this is nothing but showing India and hinduism in a poor light while India ranks 102nd in world crime ranking of rapes at 1.7rapes per 100,000 people. while US is at 27 and UK is at 28. we have our problems but the concerted effort to potray India as some rape capital is sickening and unethical. all christian NGOs are well funded to defame India in the world stage just when we are giving visa-on arrivals to 400+ countries to boost tourism.

how these british filmakers have any moral standing ground to preach India while nothing happened in their own backyard when 1400 women mostly children were molested and raped by islamist grooming gangs in rothertam and some other place.
BBC and NYtimes always bend their backs for islamists and show their bravado towards hindus and India.

can anyone answer me why the principal convict, a muslim, named Mohammed Afroz's name does not even get a mention in this so-called documentary, leave alone featuring him? and why visuals of hindu gods frequently appear during the gruesome narration by the convict?

this is not a documentary just some white supremacist trash which is evident when the documentary maker calls India a 'sick society'. can we call the entire british society as sick due to the paedophile gangs? atleast we are hanging the rapist after a judicial trial.
The stated cause of the ban was that the documentary maker had flouted local laws, and honestly, I don't really care to speculate about the hidden causes. This documentary, as shocking as it may be for the neophyte, barely delves into the belly of the beast and is ultimately far far less than what we deserve. 

Take, for example, this recent moment our proud history: [Salwa Judum and state sponsored terror is India](http://www.hrln.org/hrln/defend-the-defenders/pils-a-cases/1511-a-landmark-judgment-in-salwa-judum-case.html) While declared unconstitutional in 2011, this paramilitary group formed by a state government in 2005, had emptied 650 villages, with all the attendant rapes and murders. This is no better than what happened in Sudan, though of course few are going to air that comparison.
Some of the comments on this thread really get my goat. Yes, this documentary is sensationalist and not entirely "impartial" in the true definition of the word, but in the end, does it really matter? 
What happened that day was truly shocking and what's even scarier is that the only reason this is shocking is because of the way Jyoti was raped. If she had just been gang-raped by 4 guys on a bus, her story wouldn't have been much more than a blip in a newspaper somewhere. Sure, there would be some outrage, but none at the level that we experienced in India that day (and the weeks following).

And please, stop throwing around stats. I'm sure the US might have more rapes than in India but that's again not the fucking point. How the hell do you justify rape in any form, or any other similar crime for that matter? "I'm not a bad person, I only strangle one baby a day, but my neighbour, he strangles 10; so it's all good."

Yes, the documentary is sensationalist, yes it might even be classified as "propoganda", but most of what was shown there was true and it got the world talking about rape in India and it got the government and the people to start seriously doing something about it and to that end, the ends definitely justify the means.

To anyone watching the documentary who's not Indian, know that this documentary does not represent India as a whole, but it does represent an attitude that is very strong and prevalent among a large section of the country. People might say that the lawyer's words were taken out of context, but that's an attitude that I have personally experienced even among my own, large, supposedly well educated family and is nothing new.

India, like every country, has it's darker side and we are, usually, blind to our own faults. I think I can safely say that I'm as terrified of getting shot by a cop in the US as I think an American would be of getting raped in India (though to be honest, we do tend to treat most "white" tourists in quite an execrable way).
I want to watch this now knowing that it's been banned by a government. I'm actually going to tell my friends about this so more people can watch this. Fuck censorship especially if its trying to expose violence against a class of people deemed second class. 
Worse than the horrific nature of the crime is the mindset that some of the people have on women
Remind me of something I read the other day about the France attacks.

Preface: What I say below is cold, callous, and it comes across as extremely racist. I work for large company and we hire a lot of "contractors" which is a politically correct way to say hire a lot of Indian programmers. One of my great friends at work is from Madurai. His wife is lovely and his kids are hilarious. That sounds a lot like saying "I'm not racist, I have a friend who is black!" but it's the best I can do.

Americans don't care about the violence in India because we don't respect your country. We don't consider you an equal. To us, you are just like Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, Syria, and their lot: backwards, undeveloped, and behind the times. To us, you are a lower tier of humans.
France is a civilized country. Americans can go there and feel safe and comfortable. They have laws similar to ours, a government we can respect and (for the most part) trust. We don't fear being detained randomly by French police for doing something that no western-born person would consider against the laws.
India is poor. Dirt poor, literally. Your government is known to be corrupt, and your culture is an embarrassment to human rights. It seems that every week or so there is a story in /r/worldnews about women being raped, having acid thrown on them, and/or beaten. Not to mention the fact that the caste system is still strong as ever.
Americans don't care about India because India is a ghetto of a country. It's uncivilized barbarians attacking more uncivilized barbarians. It's the exact same reason that we don't care about violence on the south side of Chicago.
Until you "look like us" and start to act "like us" you will never be a culture we particularly care about. We care about our own, and you aren't one of us.
After the incident their was a Kickstarter for Nirbhaya, a reactionary type of play. When it was funded and finally came to your in NYC I saw it. 

This is is the only thing so far that caused me, as a male, to *really check myself. To really check my biases and my learned behavior and ideas of manhood and being a man. 

One line that I always remember: there was a scene on a crowded bus, where a young woman enters, being surreptitiously (and not so surreptitiously) groped. 
She says to the audience "if you're a woman in New Delhi, when you leave your home, you leave your body behind". 

That struck me so hard. 
I highly highly recommend you guys check out Satyamev Jayate, a talk show made by the bold and beautiful Aamir Khan. He tackles issues like violence against women in India (including stories worse than this woman's), how fucked the Indian medical system is, LGBT rights, how religious institutions take advantage of people, and much more. It's raw and real and high quality and informative.
[deleted]
This was basically an attempt at capitalising on the rape debacle. It was a poorly made movie which isn't really fair. India is nowhere close to US and UK in terms of number of rapes, considering the population we have. You're actually much more likely to get raped in the US or UK. India is actually very protective of women. Even being in contact with a woman who's not your wife or your sister can have huge consequences with the mobs. 
Every time someone tells me about how India will soon become a dominant global superpower and leader in world culture, I just remember

\&gt;rapes per second

and

\&gt;designated shitting streets
Why is everyone arguing about generalizing when in fact the amount of rape warrants investigation, or downvoting people for expressing their hatred specifically towards rapists? I feel like this thread is being invaded by bought accounts tbh.
Doesnt work in my region. Link.
I mean... I can sort of understand why they banned it. Countries tend to ban things that cause riots. 
Most of the Indians raised such a hue and cry over this documentary because they felt that the BBC has some hidden agenda to malign India's image, particularly Indian males'. There were a few isolated incidents too, such as [this](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/second-indian-student-rejected-by-german-professor-because-of-indias-rape-problem-10103373.html) where Indian students' application were rejected in German institutions citing a horrendously ridiculous logic, that probably indicate the prejudice that could be attributed to such one-sided portrayal. 

I don't find that claim very credible though, as BBC is the same channel that once sent [Michael Wood](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Wood_%28historian%29) to document one of the [most endearing portrayals](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1333053/?ref_=nm_flmg_wr_5) of India and Indian people.
Ugh. The mindset and values shown in this make me dumbfounded.  I couldn't try to hide the awe in my face during the interviews. 
Wait...they ripped out her intestines and she was still alive at the hospital?
That's nothing. Did you hear about that UN meeting on how people are disagreeing with feminists on Twitter? Now that's an imperative issue to tackle.
And the video in the link won't play in the UK, guess that's been banned too.  Ban all the things!
Not available in my area. -- not indian. 
If it is so beset by gender inequality, why was there so much it rage and protest?

This is like saying America is a rape culture, when it is literally considered one of the most heinous crimes and you can't even joke about it and even just the slightest rumor about someone without evidence can ruin their lives. 
ITT: People who live in western countries that think they're experts on Indian society. 
"India, a country beset by extreme poverty and gender inequality."  Really?
People need to watch this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kd8cPiRKlGM
Well it's no surprise, Indian men love to gang rape and eat curry without taking showers. And they're SO mysogynistic 
This seriously needs to be watched for many reasons. I deal with Indian Nationals seeking to emigrate to the U.S.. And I also deal with Indian women pursuing divorce in Florida (I'm a lawyer and I also handle divorce). The things people will tell you is beyond insane and what will come out of peoples' mouths (especially soon to be ex-husbands) is sickening. 

I have one Indian man who is a widower (his wife died of cancer) emigrating to the U.S. so his three daughters don't have to worry about being attacked. He moved them to Australia to go to private school and he tried to emigrate there but was denied for some reason.

He's now here in the U.S. on a visa and has opened a couple of businesses and is working on getting naturalized so his daughters can move to the U.S.. Australia will let his daughters stay there as long as he keeps paying the private school tuition. He's one of the lucky ones who comes from a rich family. But he'll tell you they are corrupt and many engage in criminal activity. 

India is a country in need of safety nets, modernization, public amenities and so much else. This documentary lightly touches on that, but I think it's a big part of how these young men reach this state of apathy and cruelty. Besides from the one rapists, it doesn't look like the news bits were scripted in any way. So some parts may be, but it looks like most parts aren't. 

I'd say watch it anyways. 
Not just extreme poverty and gender inequality, but also racism.  The Caste System is institutionalized racism. 
18 minutes in and I could hardly stand to watch the rest. Fucking fuck India's misogynist culture, I desperately hope their equality movement is successful as it deserves to be.
Very good documentary, I hope that a lot of Indians are able to watch this and not just them but as many people with a brain.  Such an attitude and mentality like that of the men of India is so archaic, time to grow up and change.
Of course they banned it. To control the masses they keep them igniting by suppressing the truth.
Oh, time to milk this again for the producers? 

I'm having trouble seeing this. I watched it on PBS this morning but every place I try to watch it on the internet is either blocked or so crowded by viewers it won't play. But that includes youtube, which never is blocked for that reason. So I wonder if it's being deliberately blocked by Indian hackers. It is pretty horrible. But if it's the truth, and it seems to be, we should be able to watch it. 

[YouTube Blocks Controversial BBC Documentary India's Daughter](http://www.huffingtonpost.in/2015/03/05/youtube-blocks-bbc-docume_n_6806958.html)

I thought the internet wasn't supposed to allow this kind of censorship. 
Just watched this. This is incredibly horrific but the documentary itself was so eye opening about the issues that face the destitute poor of India and the women. It was hard to feel bad for the rapists and their families but I  realize it's a systemic problem and the extremely poor are basically living a life that has few opportunities and see most of the violence while seeing others have extreme wealth. Man. I hope India gets its shit together soon.
Worse than the horrific nature of the crime is the mindset that some of the people have on women
Fucking savage culture....that was a punishment?? wtf.
There are a few movies that are banned in India, but not for reason you'd think. Indian movies are all musicals. Every one must contain at least one dance scene.
This is one of those "nut job conspiracy theories" proven true, after the fact.
Freaking India! Always acting like sexist monsters!
Going to be a superpower they say.. Surpass China they say.... 
The documentary had a lot of facts messed up intentionally, I like facts not sympathy mooching videos from feminists.

most of what the parent's said was bs. Their daughter couldn't have possibly talked to them while being in the ICU nor could she have possibly said "I'm sorry" right before she died next to her mom .

They lied about her having a part time job in a call center &amp; being a medical student , that's down right stereotyping . Most Medical &amp; engineering  universities  take written stamp Bonds from the student that they will not work for any company until the course is completed . Nor is it possible for a medical student to be able to work in night shifts , the sheer work load is too much . She either worked for a month or so during the term  break or she didn't at all . 

They claim she went to watch the movie life of pi. On the  day she was raped , seriously  life of fucking pi , which was a month old since the rape incidebt. 

The documentary is biased , and uses common reeling techniques used in reality shows .they took bunch of one line statements from bunch of assholes and mashed it for the maximum impact.

Police blocking delhi gate blocked was bullshit, it was perfectly peaceful until the crowds grew violent , some groups wanted to march to the streets ,  thus was after unreleated groups started protesting in front of diplomats houses . Government permission is needed for any march or protest like in any country , what were the cops supposed to do let a bunch of angry mob of thousands run wild in the economy hub of the city ?

So to sum it up , feminist director with a lady boner +  movie script. +  false facts +  culture is bad drama 

= British media 



I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/india] [\[NP\] India again on the front page. This time on r\/documentaries for India's Daughter.](https://np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/3tj4kt/np_india_again_on_the_front_page_this_time_on/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
There's an amazing play based on this story also called Nirbhaya (think that the right spelling) saw it at the pavilion in Dublin and it's well worth a view and is on a world tour now. bring tissues tho. 
We're sorry, but this video is not available in your region due to right restrictions.

I'm in Europe

probably banned in india because they don't consider themselves beset by extreme poverty or gender inequality, depending on who you ask.

In the more remote rural areas this is true, except that living in a remote area as a farmer doesn't necessarily make you poor. Lots of those farmers and craftsmen are doing quite well for themselves. But yeah, gender inequality is a huge issue in those areas.

In Urban areas of India though, it's a relatively modern country. Certainly not "beset by extreme poverty". They do have a ways to go in gender equality though.

I haven't watched it, but I'm pretty sure it's grossly exaggerated. The gang rape of this girl was horrifying enough without turning it into a piece of propaganda.
It's India, where cows are worshipped and women are raped. 
 I agree the situation is bad in India when it comes to these things but NOT AS BAD AS THIS POOPAGANDIST SHOWS. So please don't fall for this BBC propaganda shit. The documentary maker Udwin sensationalized this for personal gains.Infact she even coached the rapist, Mukesh- the centerpiece of documentary. Plus the lawyers who make absolutely bullshit comments neither represent the views of the govt. nor the public.  Moreover the co-producer and co-director Anjali Bhushan has filed a criminal complaint against Leslee Udwin in a Delhi court to know why click on the link. www.thenewsminute.com/article/exclusive-leslee-udwin-coached-mukesh-rapist-says-indian-film-maker-anjali-bhushan-35506)
Is raping with your buddies the dude version of kissing a girl when you're drunk?
**THIS FILM PROMOTES RACISM**
I wonder if they have designated raping streets besides designated shitting streets.

not suprised since, india is known for the rape capital of the world
What a backward shithole
Unzipping...
So why is it that if I spread my legs too wide on a subway, I get my picture taken and posted to a Tumblr blog to be labeled a rapist, when actual rapists are walking free in India? It seems like feminists should either relocate to a country where gender inequality is a legitimate issue, or keep their thoughts to themselves.
I'm very familiar with allen. If it weren't for him, the days I was searching for a job would've been much more difficult.

To take it a step further, the gentleman 4:09 wad so amazing. I wish I knew his name. 

When I arrived at 1010 Currie street, Minneapolis mn (the address for the salvation army primarily featured here, in case anyone is feeling charitable, they really do help people.) I had nothing. I knew no one. He made sure every night that I not only a bed...but he made sure I had toiletries, and clean professional clothing for interviews.

He also made sure that the bed that I had also had an outlet for my phone charger, which, if you've never been homeless...I'd with its utter weight in gold. that right there is a tremendous boost in me being able to get a job. To keep in touch with people, and not feel so alone those late nights.

He told me he didn't want to see me in 90 days. I was gone in less time than that. 

I owe these gentleman (and Mary Jo's, another great resource for the improvised in the twin cities) more  than words could ever describe.  I had no idea that this video existed. Absolute tears.

Thanks,  op. I needed this reminder today. I really did. 

Tl;dr: can confirm, allen law is a fucking saint.


Edit: words, tons of feels rn, my bad.
I know Allan personally, my company handles all his printing. He is a great, extremely nice guy who gets very little for how much he does for our community. Take notes people, the world needs more like him. 
You can donate to his foundation here: http://363days.org/donate.html
Glad to know this man personally!
Sat next to him while I was at a wedding in 2005. His Niece was marrying my cousin.

* If you're in MN and [have some time to make sandwiches, go here to help out](http://mrdinc.org/index.html)!

* If you want to [contribute for food expenses you can here](http://mrdinc.org/donate.html).
Math:

1424 sandwiches per day

178 sandwiches per hour (presuming 8 hours of sandwich handing)

3 sandwiches per minute

One sandwich constructed and distributed every 20 seconds

Someone give this guy a medal, or a hug, or something. This man is a great human being. 
Has he been recognized nationally?  If not, he needs to be!  People like him do slowly change our world.
All those religious people are going to be really embarrassed when they find out that Jesus has already came back and is just delivering sandwiches and helping people.
Check out his associations website here:  http://www.363days.org/
With &lt;3, South Mpls.
Friend does this EVERY Thursday with group of about 20.  I can't imagine the stamina to do it every night.  Bless him.  
Great now I got some crumbs in my eye. 
No matter how little is left, this is proof that there is some good left in this world.
The crazy part is that in some places in the USA today this would be considered a crime. 
This is a real superhero!
in case anyone else was oddly curious: he's handing out **balogna and cheese sandwiches**.
how does he fund this ?
Which is now illegal in cities like Houston and NYC as of a couple years ago. They changed it so if you hand out more than 5 meals, you're required to get an expensive and complicated food license. It's really dumb. 
This man is a saint . Thanks for the the post .
Da real MVP
Nice title
So people CAN give out food to the poor all out of the good will towards man. Not so they can simply get views on their shitty videos.
sandwiches are good
And boy are his arms tired.
Thank you so much for sharing this.  I've lived in Minneapolis and the surrounding area for 26 years and have NEVER heard of this person or his organization.  I will find out the process to volunteer and engage my company to donate services.

There's a philosophy that claims this man is selfish. He does good things because it makes him feel better. Personal gain. Psh. ;)
I worked at a local gas station in Minneapolis and we gave him the "stale" sandwiches for the longest time.  Than corporate told us we were not allowed. So I'd wait to "throw" them away until he came by and would conveniently not be able to get them in the can. 

Then I got in trouble for that...fuck that gas station
Inspiring, what a guy
Love what this man is doing and the dedication he has to continue each and every night!
Real life Santa Clause. Good man.
So glad to see positive things being posted when there is so much negativity out there lately. 
"He exemplifies for everyone else this is what we are supposed to do to help, to share, to care, to love."
Dont worry guys, I did the math, thats 10K sandwiches per week. 
i will never be able to afford myself 520,000 sandwiches...
Man, he has a lot of dedication to hand out 1,424 sandwhiches/day.
I keep thinking about doing something like this. Just making 50 bag lunches or giving out socks and gloves. 

But I have crushing anxiety about what happens when the 51st homeless guy shows up...
Warms my heart to hear this and know good things are happening right in my backyard. I would love to be a part of something like this.
&gt;Man hands out $520,000 sandwiches
  
Made me do a double take
You can tell that caring so much negativity out there lately.
Its a prank bro! Its a prank!
For those interested, it looks like this is the full documentary:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnQF3ttSQlE
This guy is awesome. But when I first read the title, I was like, omg, I got a free sandwich in Minneapolis once!  But that was a day when my roommate and I played hookey from work and a guy from Jimmy Johns walked by and threw sample sandwiches up to us on our 2nd floor balcony. Best day ever.



Teared up whenever I see something like this. It's just so special.

Allan, you might not lurk in Reddit though you inspire me to be a much better person.

Faith in humanity restored by a little.
I live in MPLS *and* work for Target but I haven't heard of volunteering opportunities through work.  I'd love to get involved personally but if there's a way I could get the Target higher-ups to sign our store up for volunteering, someone let me know.
I sense an influx of donations and an AMA from The Sandwich Saint.
Target! Socks!
Seeing as no one yet has posted a top level [Minnesota Karma Train](https://i.imgur.com/oWnva.gif), here you go.
Man, that's real fuckin neato.
What an amazing individual, an inspiration to us all.  Faith restored
Clicked to see if there was the classic crappy piano music. I wasn't disappointed.
why are they all black?
All aboard!

http://i.imgur.com/6WtgGQx.gif
There is a GoFundMe page now setup for the Minneapolis Recreation Development!
[GoFundMe Campaign](http://gofundme.com/9cd8wtj8)
I met Allan when was high as fuck at a gas station. Incredibly nice dude. He was super informative and I was I would've been able to carry a better convo with him. 
I would love to be in this world.
Well....wheres my samich? I never got one. 
I wish I was this good of a person.
I am proud to say that I helped him make sandwiches on 2 occasions and that guy is a great human being! Very dedicated to his noble cause. 
not that there's anything wrong with well deserved praise, but instead of penning hagiographies, go help your local [FNB](http://foodnotbombs.net/) or church or something... it'll do more good
In some places it is illegal to feed the homeless.
Definitely a diamond in the rough, good for this guy a medal, or a hug, or something.
Anyone else just get super depressed that 99% of the world ( Including myself) simply isn't like this and this is something weird :(
If you enjoyed htis you might also find this intresting:

[The Violent Gangs Leading New Zealand Community Projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrlVN4H8ZmI)

Gang Members prepare over 300 sandwiches a day to give to the schools in their community where parents can't afford to give their child food.  
This makes me feel like a selfish piece of shit.
Holy fuck, his wife is quick at preparing food
isn't this illegal? 
What the fuck's up with you and sandwiches?
He hands out 80 sandwiches an hour, 16 hours a day, 365 days a year?

Let's say he needs 4 hours to prep 1,425 sandwiches per day... and he maybe sleeps another 4 hours...

I don't see how he's not dead?

Seems...impossible.
My church used to feed the homeless on Saturdays, lunch and dinner at 2 locations.  It was a ton of work for 5 people and we didn't come close to that number
Where does the money come from?
I went to a local high school in the Minneapolis area, and this man actually came in before school one day in winter a couple years back. Probably a group of 75 students volunteered and we all made about 300 sandwiches IIRC in about 20 minutes. 

He talked about how he sleeps so little and basically lives out of his van. He really is making a large impact and it is amazing to see how he isn't doing it for any sort of personal gain or to gain attention. Very touching. 
blessings on him and all who suffer...
Stuff like this is what deserves Kickstarters.
I assume not to one person
~~That is literally impossible.~~

Edit: I mathed wrong.
Does the documentary show how he carried 520 000 sandwiches at once?
I made sandwiches for this guy often.
The best is the guy who says:

&gt; Egg salad?  Thanks but I'd rather just go hungry.

Classic!
Sounds like what the damn Red Cross does when they show up at natural disasters. 
God bless m8
We need more people like him, this world is in bad shape.
You know what's the saddest part? He might pass away in a few years and there is a high chance that NO ONE will do the same thing he's doing now. Not in the place where he is at least. 

Jesus can set an example. But almost no one would sacrifice their lives for many.
My team at work has made a couple thousand sandwiches for him as part of give back to the community campaigns.
There is easily half a million homeless in America. If we simply put together a 'Get off the street package' of $10,000 which included everything one needs to get back on your feet it would only cost us $5 billion dollars. That seems like a ton of money, but the LHM F-35 fighter jet program costed an estimated 1.3 Trillion dollars... You could give every homeless person 2 million dollars with that. Sometimes I just want to put a gun in my mouth.
All those religious people are going to be really embarrassed when they find out that Jesus has already came back and is just delivering sandwiches and helping people.
I have often offered homeless people free food.  They instead want money.  

You make your own conclusions.
Give a man a fish... and so on.
Surprised that he hasn't been charged with a felony somehow?
My good friend (and master pervert and sandwich maker) Salam Kahil from Vancouver, British Columbia handed out ~36,000 sandwiches (that he hand made with his volunteers! (and I'm not talking about a little two slice of meat sandwich, these things are fucking huge)) last year/this year and has been doing this for as long as I've known him. It's a small drop in the bucket, but you should check him out. Just google Salam Kahil.

I bet a few of you redditors know him. Bless his heart, if there were just more people in the world like Salam.
FUCKING SPAM FROM TARGET
And of course he had to have a video to show how a good philanthropist he is.
Id bet my bottom dollar this man is a follower of Christ.
[deleted]
This guys doing it wrong, should have made a youtube channel showing him handing them out to the tune of some sad music, would have made millions.
He would make an interesting House M.D case. 
He stopped as he developed a repetitive stress injury from all the handing out?
Give a man a fish... and so on.
Complete fucking bullshit!
Don't you go to prison in the US for feeding the homeless??
*Sigh.*

[Alright, let's get this over with.](http://i.imgur.com/oWnva.gif)
An awful city
[deleted]
I remember a woman who came in talking on her cell phone in North Minneapolis to a place I was working at. She couldn't understand why they would give the homeless people wine during service. Trust me Minnesotans are more like that woman than this guy in my experience. Definitely a diamond in the rough, good for this guy.  
Thats a sandwich a minute, 24/7/365. Somehow i doubt it
Here is a real documentary on how Isis was formed:

http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/rise-of-isis/
The USA wanted to get rid of Al-Assad way before the Arab Spring as the video states. [Here](http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/10/12/alassad.transcript/) is a CNN interview in 2005 with Christian Ammanpour is which this exchange happened:
- AMANPOUR: Mr. President, you know the rhetoric of regime change is headed towards you from the United States. They are actively looking for a new Syrian leader. They're granting visas and visits to Syrian opposition politicians. They're talking about isolating your diplomatically and, perhaps, a coup d'etat or your regime crumbling. What are you thinking about that?

ASSAD: I feel very confident for one reason. Because I was made in Syria, I wasn't made in the United States. So I'm not worried. This is Syrian decision. It should be made by the Syrian people, nobody else in this world. So we don't discuss it in Syria.
Good background but it downplays how the brutality of the regimes in both Iraq and Syria helped create ISIS. Both regimes massacred thousands of civilians to silence protests.



...
Caspian Report is great stuff. He does a lot of excellent videos 
[deleted]
One of the top comments on this video, made one year ago today....
''CaspianReport 1 year ago
 +Mark McAllister I think the best solution is to let the regional countries sort it out. ISIS is not a threat to the American or European homelands.﻿''

Oh how wrong was that statement... :/
Anyone wishing to know more about how american foreign policy since the cold war has sparked (and still is sparking) international terrorism should pick up a copy of Blowback by Chalmers Johnson. It was written not long before 9/11 yet discusses how the DoD and CIA behaves itself abroad always has dramatic, inevitable consequences. 'Blowback' is the term the CIA has coined for incidents like these.
Yes, US foreign policy. Just the US. Not the Saudis. Or the Iranians. Or Britain. Or Russia. Or anyone else who has a special interest in the region. Just the US.
FRONTLINE made a comprehensive documentary on this subject called [losing Iraq](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/losing-iraq/). Defeinitely worth watching.

Plus there is also the [bitter lake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuIu8gSAcvk) documentary that explains the long-term creation of radical islam and how the US helped to create it.

The rise of ISIS is nothing new. It is simply a sunni faction that joins the many other groups fighting in the sunni vs shia sectarian war.
Yes.. If only America hadn't established a Shite Minority government that brutally repressed its Sunni majority for decades, oh wait that was the Syrian government.

American foreign policy didn't make Syria into a state run by a minority ethnic/religious group, tribal politics did. The Alawites have experienced Sunni uprisings of increasing intensity with each generation- as the world becomes more global and able to communicate, people are less inclined to live as serfs in what is supposed to be their country- and this one is merely the latest in a long series of those. 

One might as well say that American policy created the Apartheid state of South Africa, because the parallels between Assad's Alawite government and the South Africa's white government are practically identical. 

If you have a government that treats 75% of its citizens as second class citizens, and has zero qualms about murdering their children for petty acts of resistance- people will turn to anyone who offers them revenge. 

The only thing the United States is guilty of in Syria, is paying lip service to those Syrians who wanted democracy while Assad murdered them in cold blood. 
Does anybody know what the name of the background music is?
Does anybody know what the name of the background music is?
You can thank bushy/cheney and the neocons. The neo cons are  represented well in the clown car for president, vote for someone different. Not just for president, even every office down stream. Nothing will change until we change them all, with people who represent us. Not the military industrial complex. I'm not saying anything new, everyone needs to vote. From the kid who just turned 18, including all reddit ass wipes who are to smart for their own good. To us old fucks, who have seen way to much of the same old shit. Voting every election cycle (every 2 years), and paying attention in between, is the answer. Gotta change the status quo.


lol pretty sure Assad had a lot to do with it--ISIS became radicalized during the brutal Syrian Civil War--If there was no Arab Spring, where one Arab dictatorship after another(Tunisia, Libya, Egypt)fell, except for Syria because Assad said FU, then ISIS wouldn't have been so brutal
Research "Blowback Foreign Policy"
Butthurt Reddit americans clearly can't seem to accept the fact that their countries foreign policy is the reason why ISIS exists now. 
I have never seen or heard such a detailed or succint account in the media.

All I ever hear is ISIS, Al Qaeda blah blah bla "terrorists".

Edit: For those who haven't actually watched the video before downvoting- I am not denying that ISIS or Al Qaeda are terrorist groups, but this video illustrates the complexity of the issue.

This information is relevant to regional and global geopolitics, which is unfortunately never discussed in any mass media forum in the US. 

I had no idea how complex this whole thing was. Thanks for sharing. My question is, what can actually be done to cease all extreme groups? Killing leaders seems to be like cutting off a head, and two more will grow back. Is there any way to fix this?
How adding red lights created the scenario for drivers to run red lights.
Funny how nobody could tell it was inevitable before it happened.
Everyone rightfully criticizes Bush for starting the war in Iraq, but Obama withdrawing troops from Iraq prematurely (an election promise he ran on) is nearly as bad a mistake. All the progress the USA made in stabilizing Iraq in 2007 (and all the progress made during the war I suppose) was nullified, and a humongous power vacuum ensued, inevitably leading to prime conditions for the rise of the Islamic state.
TL;DR Obama fucked up Iraq almost as bad as bush. 
ISIS was NOT inevitable. Now that's actually formed and active, its growth can be retraced and people can make sense of the different elements that CONTRIBUTED to it. 

The USA sure does some awful and stupid shit, but saying ISIS was an inevitability of US actions is a luxury only armchair political spectators can afford after the fact.
here learn somthing "new"

ISIL: The Prodigal Son of Muslim Brotherhood &amp; Salafism 
https://youtu.be/m2kfakNigl0

In reading the comments, it appears the documentary can be summed up into "Bush's fault." Saved myself 10 odd minutes I can now spend on porn. 
Why are they down voting this? 
I can't stand how many Americans want to misdirect people away from the central claim of this documentary - one I whole-heartedly agree with. The USA is directly responsible for the rise in terrorism, following their blundering response to 9/11 and the needless invasion of Iraq. This is what you wanted. This is what voting for Bush did. This is what swallowing the penis of 'Patriotism' while getting railed up the ass by war-profiteers does. 
Typical reddit no matter what happens wherever it is always the fault of the United States.

What an amazing country the United States must be to control every aspect of every person's life .
Sounds legit: "terrorism is the direct result of the USA, with no USA there is no terrorism"


Not inevitable. Just inevitable when Islam is present. I doubt Jains would react similarly. 
let's find a scapegoat... oh wait let's just  blame the US! oh wait... personal/moral responsibity...
Can someone ELI5 just how tangible the US 'creating' ISIS is? Aside from their presence and removal of some middle eastern powers creating a vacuum, what else did they do that *directly* contributed to creating ISIS?


I always see it written, "Well America *made* ISIS" and I immediately think its in part or whole, bullshit. Any info would help.
Seems like the finger is always pointing outward with some people...

If a foreign power were somehow able to de-stabilize America and were left in a power vacuum, and some former U.S. citizens became part of a religious extremist group motivated by greed and some warped sense of revenge, I would be more willing to blame that group of people for their atrocities than I would some foreign de-stabilizing element.

I'm not going to say the U.S. government doesn't have blood on it's hands; it does, as do many Western governments. But I'm not going to sit here and pretend that anybody can force anybody else to pick up a religion, take it to the nth degree, and go Jihad Jackass on the rest of the world. At a certain point, it's on you.

That being said, I would like to see the CIA stop playing loose and fast with the fates of foreign countries. They're playing with fire behind closed doors and there's nothing democratic or even wise about that.
I always through when america dropping into Iraq they brought up all the mercenaries they could and that lead to the conflict.
nan
We change our law and look to technology solution to create a perfect surveillance system.

But our perfect system maybe our threats go further underground and offline undetected. When might been better to poke holes in imperfect system to achieve a better result and proactively detect threats.
Other videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3stqkc?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Bitter Lake](https://youtube.com/watch?v=zuIu8gSAcvk)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3stqkc/_/cx0ggpg?context=10#cx0ggpg) - FRONTLINE made a comprehensive documentary on this subject called losing Iraq. Defeinitely worth watching.  Plus there is also the bitter lake documentary that explains the long-term creation of radical islam and how the US helped to create it.  The ...
[Russia's air strikes in Syria explained](https://youtube.com/watch?v=idHQIMrtB2M)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3stqkc/_/cx0rwvm?context=10#cx0rwvm) - I think he does that in another video:  
[General Wesley Clark: Wars Were Planned - Seven Countries In Five Years](https://youtube.com/watch?v=9RC1Mepk_Sw)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3stqkc/_/cx0r35j?context=10#cx0r35j) -  
[ISIL: The Prodigal Son of Muslim Brotherhood &amp; Salafism](https://youtube.com/watch?v=m2kfakNigl0)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3stqkc/_/cx0gb1p?context=10#cx0gb1p) - here learn somthing &amp;quot;new&amp;quot;  ISIL: The Prodigal Son of Muslim Brotherhood &amp;amp; Salafism   
[Groundskeeper Willie: Damn those Scots](https://youtube.com/watch?v=K5lYXaVkA0U)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3stqkc/_/cx0nqm6?context=10#cx0nqm6) - Agreed that it&amp;#39;s definitely not a black and white issue.  I just get frustrated when people try to semi-justify Islamic terror by saying America somehow caused it.  This crap started wayyyyy before America was every involved in the middle eas...
[Romney In 2007 Predicts What Is Happening In Iraq With Specifics](https://youtube.com/watch?v=W_t-YCnZKg8)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3stqkc/_/cx0m20o?context=10#cx0m20o) - Mitt Romney actually though this would happen:   
[Cheney in 1994 on Iraq](https://youtube.com/watch?v=YENbElb5-xY)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3stqkc/_/cx0jk3k?context=10#cx0jk3k) - Take it from one of the primary architects himself - it&amp;#39;s pretty grievously tragic at the end of the day for the people of Iraq, Syria, Turkey, Iran and now - pretty much everyone else.  
[Former President Bush forewarns Americans about  leaving Iraq](https://youtube.com/watch?v=aDpcbRadvNI)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3stqkc/_/cx0lqux?context=10#cx0lqux) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Save
So can someone ELI5 why these militants are bombing other countries outside of their conflict area? They have to realize that what they are doing isn't sustainable. 
Will the Caspian Report address the real issue, i.e., Sunni vs Shia rift? 
It's partially Bush's fault. But also Isis should have been taken out when it was still a JV team
Im sure there's a youtube documentary on how the US is responsible for everything bad in the world. The US is partially responsible for creating the vacuum that ISIS formed in. We're not responsible for the insane religion or lack of will of any of the surrounding countries to do anything about the crazies.
For anyone wanting more information
this video goes into greater detail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LSIwvE0Nvo
Everything is americas fault, huh?
TLDW: Iraq war
I imagine many people are already aware but Adam Curtis has some great docs on ME in general (Bitter Lake, Power of Nightmares to name a couple)
http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/10/how-isis-started-syria-iraq/412042/
first and foremost the title of this thread is completely wrong. iSIS was created back in the 90s by zarquawi to overthrow the Jordanian Monarchy. These liberal circle jerks does nothing but justify terrorism to the young gullible Muslims.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jama%27at_al-Tawhid_wal-Jihad

I haven't heard any real solutions to the crisis in Syria and Iraq. The guy in the video mentions that we should leave ISIS alone because they are not a threat to the US. His video was made a year ago so that's outdated info. Even if they don't attack the US they will attack other countries. The guy in the video also mentions that getting rid of ISIS just invites another group to take its place. 
     Is there a documentary that talks about the origins of these groups and whether they want to co-exist with the rest of the world? Peace always comes at a price and some countries around the world are already figuring out that diplomacy is better for everyone.  If the rest of the world has accepted diplomacy except for the groups trying to control of Syria and Iraq and these groups are harming other countries then it's time to end all of these groups once and for all. It's survival of the fittest, but complacency or perhaps other hidden agendas have allowed this war to continue.    
It worries me that there are people out there who study these groups for a living and they have not spoken out with their proposed solutions.   What is really going on?
Butthurt Reddit americans clearly can't seem to accept the fact that their countries foreign policy is the reason why ISIS exists now. 
tldr; europeans literally blame all of their problems on the US....
USA Foreign policy + fucked up religion
Saying Islamic fascism is the result of United States foreign policy makes just about as much sense as saying that United States foreign policy is the result of Saddam Hussein's brutality.

Yeah, it does "cause" it.  But from a consequentialist viewpoint the only way to reply to that is, "so what?"  Do you want to stop brutality or do you not?  Leaving it alone doesn't make it go away.  Saying that Islamic fascists wouldn't act this way if "we weren't so mean to them", may be a little bit true only as a butterfly-effect, but rather useless when deciding what to actually do.

Islamic fascists could then claim anything is being "mean" to them - unveiled women, homosexuality, belief in different religions or even worse believing that there is no god at all, freedom of expression, etc.

It is not true to say we are "at war" with them.  THEY declared war on US - becuase they want a religious 1984 imposed on humanity.  That makes them humanity's enemy.  Don't ever forget it, and don't ever make excuses for it.
This is such fucked up logic. Nobody is responsible for what bad people do, aside from the bad people themselves. The "power  Vacuum" didnt make a bunch of good people suddenly evil. 

Lets use this exact same logic in some other scenarios shall we? 

A girl walking home from school alone who was raped is at fault because she left herself in a "safety vacuum."

A bartender stops pouring drinks at closing time so a drunk man decides to get in his car and drive to another bar and kills a family of four on the way. The Bartender is responsible  because he left the drunkard in a "alcohol vacuum."

Stop making excuses and blaming other  for evil people doing evil shit. 
Bush said (back in the initial intervention early 2000s) that if we pulled out too early before the region was stabilized that worse forces of terror would come to power. Obama's dumb ass (and pretty much everyone else) just didn't believe him.
The US invaded several countries in the middle east, their army was not enough so they brought a lot of mercenaries and armed them to the teeth.

The place became a clusterfuck and terrorism flourished, for example there was no terrorism in Irak before 2003, now terrorism is a daily thing.

Also Saudi Arabia dictators are are given a lot of support to Wahhabism funding and promoting madrasas that are the source of extremism in Islam

So Isis is not a natural thing or because Islam is violent there are factors that brought us where we are now


Why does the narrator in this documentary not question and analyze when and why Russia begins to support Assad's regime during Syria's ongoing civil war?
[deleted]
Duh...the conclusions should be obvious to everybody.  Why Americans didn't understand removing Sadam would empower Iran is beyond my comprehension.  Why the Bush administration didn't understand engaging in 2 regional conflicts would empower North Korea is equally unintelligible.  Finally it is hard to understand why the US didn't realize ignoring the UN and it's allies when invading Iraq would reduce its world power demonstrates stupidity about the difference between use and abuse of power.  So naturally the world supported the rise of a power, China, to offset US power.
And the Jews created the Nazis. Sure.
Yup and the cycle is going to continue to repeat itself. How can you expect to defeat an enemy that blows themselves up. Its a losing battle. The only people who win are the defense contractors.
Why do we try so hard to find ways to blame ourselves for all the evil in the world. Does a power vacuum explain al shabob, boko haram or the taliban? Maybe we should consider that they believe it's their duty to conduct jihad and rule through sharia law.
Take it from one of the primary [architects himself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YENbElb5-xY) - it's pretty grievously tragic at the end of the day for the people of Iraq, Syria, Turkey, Iran and now - pretty much everyone else. 
The caliphate was only extinguished for like 80 years we can't be surprised it resurrected since it's last destruction and tbh the other caliphate had longer between each other than the Ottoman caliph who genocide Christians and the Islamic caliphate who well does the same 
CaspianReport is awesome

I love his History of Islam series, and how he presents a Shi'a view mixed with Sunni giving a more neutral overview. 

Almost everything related to Islamic history is ALWAYS Sunni dominated narrative. His stuff is a breath of fresh air. 
Caspian report who? Why does this guy have any credibility? Oh wait, he doesn't, he just supports the same anti-US view as reddit? Thought so. 
Water is wet..... Moving on now.
Which is just how they want it. Endless war. Endless consumption. 

Death to the empire. Long live the people.
The fact that so many want to join a gang of rapists, murderers, beheaders and terrorists is of more concern with me rather than the opportunity for the group to exist. Just because it could doesnt mean it *should*.

What the Quran permits should not be your sole benchmark on right vs wrong.
Short version: USA made ISIS..
My new favorite YouTube channel. There's a real absence of geek out resources regarding the Middle East.
Isis and Muslim extremism apologists...
not surprising. The USA has a history of fucking itself in the ass with its own foreign policy.
Well we did invade a country on a bad premise. WMDs and Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11
This video does nothing but blame the United States and Bush for ISIS. 

It's lazy journalism, at best. 

George Bush was a non-lame duck president **9 years ago.** 

Is it humanly possible to acknowledge that Obama has made awful foreign policy decisions since that time? We're talking about the sitting American president that, **hours before the Paris attack**, declared ISIS "contained."

Obama is the same president that called ISIS the "JV Team" and not worthy of our attention. 

Obama has refused to actively pursue ISIS as they began carving out land for their caliphate. 

ISIS formed as a direct result of Obama's decision to largely remove our presence from the Middle East. The power vacuum we left behind was filled by ISIS. That was a major blunder on the part of Obama Administration. 

Did Bush err in invading Iraq? Possibly. But Obama absolutely and unequivocally made the situation worse and irretrievable by removing our troops and leaving the locals to fend for themselves in a now-lawless land. 

Spread the wealth when criticizing presidents. Blaming Bush is old, tired and inaccurate. After ~8 years of decision making, Obama needs to be scrutinized. 
Yup everything is totally America's fault.  If it wasn't for America, Paris would be all hunky dory right now.  This totally isn't the fault of a bunch of stupid assholes who believe in some shitty ideology and have this same issue in every single country where they're present.  /s
Some people are still blaming the right-wing pro-invasion Hawks for ISIS
Let the denial train of Islamofasicism... commence. 
If we were struck by an asteroid tomorrow, the next day there would be a documentary released exposing how is was the fault of the U.S.
Not the fact the Koran is a piece of pork shit ?
Total bollocks. Regressive bullshit. 
Caspian Border is the best map in Battlefield hell yeah
The US has done nothing but screw up in the region, but how about an honest look at the shitty words of Mohammad and how that contributed to the rise of Isis. These dudes are devout as shit. 
Sigh,

Is there no lengths people won't go to to avoid the fact that this is the nature of Islam and they don't require any help?
The most enlightening report I’ve  seen so far
Im sure glad we never invaded Afghanistan - Russia
"Inevitable" is such a strong word. 
The CIA funneling money to extremist groups isn't necessarily "creating a vacuum," though. Is it? 

I'll give it a watch.
Here is a real documentary on how Isis was formed:

http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/rise-of-isis/
Can we stop victim blaming and taking up for the Muslim extremists please? 
Heinsight 20/20 my friend.
first and foremost the title of this thread is completely wrong. iSIS was created back in the 90s by zarquawi to overthrow the Jordanian Monarchy. 
These liberal circle jerks does nothing but justify terrorism to the young gullible Muslims. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jama%27at_al-Tawhid_wal-Jihad


You can blame the actions of ISIS on the U.S. all you want. No sane and moral person, no matter what has happened to them, would resort to the shit ISIS does.

Quit blaming it on the US, ISIS responsible for their actions quit trying to deflect the consequences of what these Islamic terrorists do back on to the US.
Wait...who is in charge of US foreign policy.  Oh snap the state department, who was in place as SECState when this "vacuum" of power was created. Oh snizzap...Hillary "ham fist" Clinton.  Don't pit it on ole Oak tree face....this one belongs to that dizzy cunt Hilary.  Saul Alinsky'd would be so proud of his little Manchurian candidate if he was still aline to suck Hillarys weiner.  Bong. 
Bullshit.
GUYZZZ SRSLY IT'S AMERICA'S FAULT, FOR REALZ.

Always a victim, always someone else's fault.  Wan't to get a real lesson on the problems that exist in the middle east?  How about look to how EuroAsian powers carved up the Middle East after WW2?  Oh wait, that would actually require research.

Back the fuck off of pointing fingers and find solutions to this bullshit before it infects the world.

Muslim Extremists attacking innocent people in nearly every country they exist in yet it's America's fault.  Right.
Some people are downright Americentric.
This guys apparent anti Armenian stance (the fact that that's an Azerbaijani channel explains why but nevertheless) makes me question his general objectivity though overall seems like a somewhat interesting channel. 
So instead of coming together and making a better life with the opportunity the U.S. handed your people you decide to exterminate each other? And that is somehow the fault of the U.S. government? It's the U.S. governments fault that your entire civilization is fucking garbage? Please. If you mother fuckers gave a shit about your country you would have done something about it long before the U.S. had to get involved. Just face it. The middle east is shit, it's fucking bull shit. Wall that shit off and let them kill each other. That way, atleast, the Western world can sink their treasure into bettering mankind instead of corralling these useless mother fuckers.
I love the paternalistic racism that exists among guilty white people which enables them to deprive brown people of all agency regarding their own actions while simultaneously placing blame on the "powers that be."

It's just as plausible that had the U.S. exercised more control over the transition of power in Iraq these same people would be chastising the U.S. for subverting self-sovereignty.
So violence (invading  countries) begets violence (Isis)?   
What a novel concept! Who could have seen this coming?  Who?!
The US Government is heavily influenced by special interests and corporations. This influence leads to actions that lead to regional instability.  Wanna know why Iran hates America's guts? The CIA overthrew the Democratically elected and secular president of Iran in the 50s after he nationalized the oil fields. They replaced him with a puppet shah who mistreated his people. This emerged a fairly radical anti-western movement beginning in 1979. Watch ARGO for that
A good summary of the political vacuum that the US created in Iraq.

But overall it's too limited. While it mentions Iran in something of an off-hand Iranian attack, it barely touches on US skulduggery and or our shortsighted, principle-less foreign policy.

For example, what about the US arming and training Iraqi Sunni groups? What about the US deliberately inflaming Sunni-Shiite tensions in Iraq?

These US policies of funding and arming Muslim fundamentalists to be used as US proxy soldiers have been US policy for *decades.*

[One author](http://www.counterpunch.org/2015/11/13/the-age-of-despair-reaping-the-whirlwind-of-western-support-for-extremist-violence/) outlined the dynamic and history quite accurately:

&gt; Without the American crime of aggressive war against Iraq — which, by the measurements used by Western governments themselves, left more than a million innocent people dead — there would be no ISIS, no “Al Qaeda in Iraq.” Without the Saudi and Western funding and arming of an amalgam of extremist Sunni groups across the Middle East, used as proxies to strike at Iran and its allies, there would be no ISIS. Let’s go back further. Without the direct, extensive and deliberate creation by the United States and its Saudi ally of a world-wide movement of armed Sunni extremists during the Carter and Reagan administrations, there would have been no “War on Terror” — and no terrorist attacks in Paris tonight.

The video mentions other reports that were done (and that I haven't seen), so the narrator may cover the shortcomings in those reports. As I said above, the report is limited but it's definitely worth watching. I'd give it a B or B+.
We went there for the oil. Why the fuck don't we just take the stinking stone-age countries?  Playing kiddie cop to cave dwellers is pointless.  Let's spread democracy, free the non-radicals, and put ISIS on welfare.
Isis would have happened maybe inevitably anyways? Jihad is apart of there religion and unfortunately they practice holy war as a means to convert and spread there idealogoy. So maybe our leaders of western world recognize this and just made our target a lot easier to see, at least the radical/extremists more targetable, its sad but foreign policy is a slippery slope as we proceed as a spcies and world civilization to advance forward in the best light.
if they existed after we left iraq, they existed while we were in iraq.
So, Obama's fault?
The premature withdraw of US forces was the biggest blow.  Even the Military Generals were telling the President is was the Wrong call.  

Very interesting to hear your point of view.  I thought it was well done. 
r/shitpost 
Creation of a vacuum!? How about straight up funding the bastards.
People who know nothing about the ME etc

Here's the American equivalent of what we did to Iraq:

Imagine the Mexican American border: guns, religion, drug cartels. Now imagine someone invades your country and disbands the military, do you think it would be wise to focus on the label of some abstract group that takes advantage of the resulting power vacuum, in popular discourse (ISIS, Mehdi Army, FSA etc). Or the initial intervention that caused this?


Also  one begs the question where are all the high frequency of Indonesian or Indian Muslim attacks on Western targets? Araabs and ME'ers are a minority of Muslims yet hav ethe highest fequncy of terror attacks against Western targets. 

There is a huge mismatch between reality and discourse in our natoins
So nuke the fuckers, already. Nuke every city with more than 1000 inhabitants.
Great. It's all our fault. 
Bullshit! The us and its allies created ISIS by directly arming training and importing islamsts from all over the world into siria, iraq and libia. You can serve this crap propaganda to americans who dont now shit but the rest of the world knows better.
Jesse Hughes: "I want to be the first band to play in the Bataclan when it opens back up ... because I was there when it went silent for a minute. Our friends went there to see rock and roll and died...I'm going to go back there and live."
All of them are clearly traumatized, but Jesse seems especially shattered. I hope they are able to recover from this.
I never thought about what it would feel like to be these guys, all the people that died were there to see *them*. 

In college I once threw a party and a random showed up and ended up picking a fight with one of my guests and sending him to the hospital. I always felt guilty cause he had never been over before and even though I didn't invite the other guy, he still got in my house.

The band members didn't talk about guilt at all, and obviously this isn't their fault. But I would imagine they must feel something similar to guilt, and you can kind of see it indirectly. One of the band members says he feels like getting on his knees and pledging to give the parents of the victims *anything they need*. So you can tell they have different emotions about this shooting than just a patron. 

At least they can use their music for some good somehow, I am sure they will think of something positive to do with it.  
God that part where Jesse breaks down while taking about how he didn't know if his band mates had made it, I can't imagine....
They absolutely should be the first band to play in the Bataclan. France isn't a stranger to resistance and that would the biggest display to say "you cannot win" that I can think of.The outpouring of support in any form means less could ever be taken from us by similar attacks.
This is going to be a hard watch... But it needs to be done. Thanks.
I met them about 2 weeks before it happened. (They performed on a british TV show called TGI Fridays) I met Jesse and he was just so happy and friendly, goofy and bubbly. 

He just looks like his soul has been sucked clean out of him. Considering what they saw, I think I would be like that as well. 
Out of all of their stories, the sound guy hands down had it the worst. 
"I want to be the first band to play in the Bataclan when it opens back up ... because I was there when it went silent for a minute. Our friends went there to see rock and roll and died...I'm going to go back there and live."

Hoooooooooly shit.  Lost it when he said that.  That's a powerful quote.
Warning: there is at least one video of the actual attack in this documentary.

I lost a friend of mine during this show, so I closed the tab immediatly. I didn't need that right now. I think people should be warned before watching it.
That was really hard to watch. These guys are clearly rocked by this, as are so many. What a powerful statement by Jesse Hughes, though, to say that he can't wait to go back to Paris. They SHOULD be the first band to play the Bataclan when it reopens. That would be a powerful statement, and I hope it happens. My deepest sympathy to all the victims and families. 
"Our friends went there to see rock 'n roll and died. I want to go back there and live."
I was teary eyed for most of this, but when Jesse said that he wants to go back to play Paris and be the 1st band to perform at the Bataclan when it reopens - I lost it. 
I thought maybe he was never going to find Tuesday.
Not the cheapen things or take away from the seriousness of this topic, but I'm glad they chose to do the interview with VICE instead of CNN or NBC or whatever. VICE interviews and reports usually just seem more authentic than the shit we see in the mainstream media. The people at VICE obviously have their biases in some areas but they don't taint every fucking story with their political agenda like major news networks do. If this were a CNN interview every question and response by the interviewer would be carefully orchestrated to achieve a specific objective and, of course, get ratings. VICE made the story about the band's experience, the human element, there's no political bullshit. 

But then again, I guess I'm being a hypocrite because I just used this opportunity to criticize the media. Still though. 
Things I learned    
1. Fuck ISIS  
2. Music is for the people, and the people will never let it stop
This made me choke up. I never thought about the emotional impact of knowing the people that died were there to see you. I wish them all the best in healing. 
Good comment thread going on in the /r/qotsa sub if anyone is interested.
The picture from inside the venue still haunts me. I wish I had never clicked on it, honestly. I can't even begin to imagine how horrific seeing it happen in person must have been. 
I hope they play there again. And i hope its fucking huge. And I hope its the biggest fuck you to isis ever! I honestly think this moment was the dark part before the dawn. Many people are standing together against terrorism and all this evil stuff. I think the rock and roll world, shit the world needs to see EODM play there again! Peace. Love. Death. Metal \m/
I just became a fan.
I'm a big fan of the music of QOTSA and EoDM, but I have never really felt like I've figured out whether or not I like Josh Homme.

When four grown men escape a terror attack and their first response is "call Josh", that's pretty much all I really need to know to decisively put him in the 'pretty damn good dude' category.
This broke my heart a bit more again. Seeing how witnessing something like this can wreck you up emotionally...  Especially Jesse is a broken man. When the sound guy talks how the crowd was happy and having the time of their lives, the way Jesse silently reacts at the thought just hurts.
I don't even know what to say. I'm a grown man, but this takes my voice away. All those young people...
It was kind of heartwarming to see how much they all care for each other. Really difficult but important watch. 
This is really hard to watch. I can't even fathom the thoughts they're trying to process right now. 
Heartbreaking. This event has changed me, and I was thousands of miles away.
I won't ever understand what they feel like.
The survivors guilt that Jesse, Joshua and the boys have is heartbreaking. They are so aware that they get to see their loved ones while so many parents never will see their child again. 

At once I saw the attacks I was reminded again of the Oslo terrorist attacks and how that changed me. Though that change never will be like what the band is going through each and every day. But let's remember what one brave survivor in 2011 said, "if one man can show so much hate think of how much love the world can show." 

Let's show them like the people of France , that we will never let them scare us from living free. Let's drown their hate in love and flowers. Fuck ISIS, and long live Eagles of death metal and silly, happy rock n roll.
I wonder whether it's a good idea to continue with this tour.  The band is clearly shattered.  To have to go up on stage, night after night, may be too much.  They need counseling.  That's just my feeling.
Jesus, that Jesse needs some serious support, he's taken this all the hardest.
It was kind of heartwarming to see how much they all care for each other. Really difficult but important watch. 
more people die from car wrecks everyday. Nothing to fear from terrorists.
Jesus, those stories are going to stick with me, that was brutal to watch. I was at a gig of theirs in Copenhagen and I'm sitting here with sweaty palms after watching this, I can't imagine actually going through it and then having the strength to go through the entire ordeal again for an interview.  
Life will find a way. Fuck those doomsday death cult fanatics.
I think the Tuesday following the attacks Stiff Little Fingers - a lively old Belfast punk band full of heart and soul who've been playing since the 70s - were booked to play in Paris and went through with it (I think a good few bands understandably cancelled). No better band to help a city's music scene find its feet again. Good luck to Paris and EODM. 
I was very sceptical about this interview at first. Didn't like how we had a teaser trailer for this, felt like them milking it for views. 

But from watching this VICE is perhaps the best news outlet in the modern era. 

Ignoring their shitty shitty clickbait fucking shit, their coverage on Syria has been top notch.

Obviously they have their own biasses which will shine through regardless of how they present it, but 95% of the time it's not intrusive.  

Seriously watch their documentary on Al-Nursa, I really like how they let the footage speak for it's self.

Good on you VICE 
I can't even imagine what they feel like. Having such an event happen to them that people will associate with them forever. Seeing people dying infront of them, it's just sad. Seeing them breaks my heart. I won't ever understand what they went through, they must have been through hell.
This 100% broke my heart. 
Watch this interview with Shawn London, it's even more comprehensive and heart-wrenching.

The fact that the police took so long to get there and that the security guards somehow got out before they did (even though they were in the front of the house) is very chilling and fucked up.
The security guards all left right before the firing started.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPb-Xzokink
2am and I'm crying. Thanks for that. 

I had been in Paris just a couple weeks before the attacks and selfishly, the first thing I did when I realised the full extent of what was happening was try and figure out if my friends and I would have been caught up in it, had our trip happened just a couple weeks later than it had (the answer was no). 

Watching the events unfold through the news channels, the thing that hit me most was the sheer amount of deaths coming from the venue that EODM had been playing. The reports of over 100 hostages was scary, but it feels like it's rare that hostages (especially a large number) become victims, so when the news came through that there had been so many people killed inside, that was, for me, when it hit home just how savage these attacks had been. 

To experience that from the inside. I can't even begin to imagine the horror of it all. I'm not a fan of their music, but watching the band talk about their experiences and watching Jesse break down remembering the night. Heartbreaking.
Crazy world we live in.
Crazy world we live in.
It was really hard to watch this
Fuck that is heavy stuff, I simply cannot even imagine
"We have to finish the tour"

Fuck yeah! I'm going!! 
Very heavy.

That was extremely difficult to watch. Especially the part when Jesse called Josh outside. Hope they return to Bataclan and play - get through this. 
That two seconds of footage where Jesse stops playing when you can hear popping noises had me in utter disbelief. The most terrifying two seconds you will probably see. 
Very powerful words and sentences.  Can't start to understand what they went through.
This is going to be a hard watch... But it needs to be done. Thanks.
That was hard to listen to.
It really does put things into perspective, it ws hard watching this, seeing all those guys so shaken up. 3 weeks ago now i actually saw these guys play in Southampton UK, and it was one of the most energetic and up beat show's I've been to, hell i even spoke to Nick at the merch stand, he was such a cool dude, he swapped my girlfriends shirt for me as she got the wrong size. I feel so bad for these guys, and just hope they continue doing what they do. Peace. Love. Death Metal
Very powerful words and sentences.  Can't start to understand what they went through.
Goddamn.
Jesse seems like such a sweet, lovable person. I'm glad he's got a ton of support to help him through this.
god bless
Other videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3u9non?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[The Redemption of the Devil - Official Trailer [HD]](https://youtube.com/watch?v=7cy0l6gjoYs)|[18](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3u9non/_/cxdcwj7?context=10#cxdcwj7) - He&amp;#39;s probably talking about The Redemption of the Devil, also a documentary from Vice.  
[Horrible, This Idea](https://youtube.com/watch?v=xlA9bNk3b5Q)|[6](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3u9non/_/cxdifi4?context=10#cxdifi4) - Sure thing 
[Exclusive Interview with Shawn London, FOH Audio for Eagles of Death Metal - Le Bataclan Survivor](https://youtube.com/watch?v=PPb-Xzokink)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3u9non/_/cxddq5r?context=10#cxddq5r) - Watch this interview with Shawn London, it&amp;#39;s even more comprehensive and heart-wrenching.  The fact that the police took so long to get there and that the security guards somehow got out before they did (even though they were in the front of ...
[NEW Paris Attacks Video (16 Nov 15): Muslims Threaten Bataclan Café Staff in 2008! PLEASE SHARE!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=mOC51vBqPYY)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3u9non/_/cxdmvy8?context=10#cxdmvy8) - heres the video 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
damn, holy shit  
omg EODM is one of my favorite bands, i've been trying to avoid any footage of the incident, so i wasnt aware that it was them playing at the theater at the time of the attack.  

i was already distraught by the whole ordeal, but now it hits even closer to home, that could have been me at one of their shows.  

i'm not trying to make a remark on the value of lives, all lives matter, it's already sad all the individual humans lives we've lost over this, which has been having me feel kinda low lately, but to think on top of that, that it could have also taken one of my favorite bands, it makes me feel kinda shitty to say it, i'm not valuing them over anyone else, but i gotta say it somehow, it gives it a more familiar face to the tragedy that i can relate even more closely to.  

poor Jessie, he's such a sweet man with a kind heart, i cant imagine what's going through, the outrage, the anger, the sadness, the joy of being alive, and the guilt of surviving, the impotence.  
if anyone not familiar with them is misled by their name, this is not a hardcore heavy metal band, light fun rock band with a semi-sarcastic name, but i hope they crank it to 11, push the pedal, jam out in honor of all our lost friends, spit in the face of evil hatred, and rock the socks off these bigoted assholes with some awesome riffs!  

rock on my friends, rock on 
I never knew how bad the attack was till this video it really shed some light. All the people that died and got hurt or lost someone you all have my condolences. I just can't understand why people would do a terrible thing like this.
I didnt see Josh Homme on any of the concert pictures. Was he there and if so,  where was he? 
After watching this (and I didn't get all the way through it), I really think these poor guys need a lot more time to process and recover from this experience before going on camera to talk about it. They are going to need therapy and will most likely suffer from PTSD for a good long while as a result of that night. My heart kept breaking all over the place every time I heard their voices quiver and break from trying to hold it together.
I wish I could stare at the ground and pretend to cry
A friend of my house mate kept me updated.
It's always hard to see a grown man cry.  
Holy shit, Vice is amazing. They consistently pump out extremely interesting and relevant documentaries. It's wild to me, I don't know where they're getting paid enough for their amazing work.
[deleted]
If you guys go on Vices' Instagram there are people posting who believe Paris was a False Flag Operation
Does anybody have a link to the video they showed near the beginning with the band's initial reaction to the gunfire? 
[deleted]
[deleted]
The big message that I WISH they had said at the end - is that we really hope that people don't conflate Islam with the events of last weekend. The real tragedy would be for the Muslim people to be further tarnished with the  absolutely fucked up behaviour of a cult of death - using the name of islam to justify harrowing and evil cruelty. Love is the answer.
Watch this interview with Shawn London, it's even more comprehensive and heart-wrenching.

The fact that the police took so long to get there and that the security guards somehow got out before they did (even though they were in the front of the house) is very chilling and fucked up.
The security guards all left right before the firing started.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPb-Xzokink
Does anybody have a link to the video they showed near the beginning with the band's initial reaction to the gunfire? 
god bless
Yawn
pfft...its like they didnt even *try* to stop it with the power of rock.  smh
I liked this group *before* the terror attack.
The twist: Most elaborate PR stunt a band has ever done.
Vice documentaries are the worst kind of garbage
Anyone else find it strange that they didn't talk about their merch manager that died?
Anyone see the deleted [scenes?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0)
These should be the individuals that get to make Islam immigration policies. These guys lived through it and know the horror that can come from allowing Muslims into our peaceful countries. There is no reasoning with an unreasonable religion. 
Don't tolerate Islam. I'm glad a ton of hippie pussies that opened up their boarders and think it's cool get shot. FUCK THAT SHIT. WISEN UP.
Sucky band. 
[deleted]
Naming your self eagles of death metal. And when death stares you in the face, you run like pussies. Oh the irony 
Why put the thumbnail as that vice? Looking for more ad revenue for those clicks? Disgusting cunts.
I worked with a few people in Japan. I was pretty convinced that they lived and slept at work
Can confirm to a certain extent, I'm a Japanese guy living in California who surfs on 2chan (summary blogs, not the actual forum) often, and I hear people complain about pretty much everything that's displayed in this video, particularly the extreme working hours the first guy talks about.

Absurd amounts of unpaid overtime work are often what people there call the "service overtime labor" (サービス残業).
The Labor Standards Law in Japan states that an employee must not work over 45 hours in overtime per month, which is roughly around 11 hours a week.
However, from what I read on 2chan, it seems like 60 to 80 hours of monthly overtime is pretty common for an "average white-collar worker", with a few people banting about 100+ hours occasionally as well.
The worst part? When I say unpaid, I mean the ENTIRE 60~100 HOURS are UNPAID. It's not the illegal 15~55 hours, but the WHOLE GODDAMN THING.

"Well fuck, they must be retarded or are actually a whole bunch of hardcore masochists who love a slow and painful death! Why won't they just quit and be settled with an easier job?"
That brings us back to what the first guy said in the video. In the modern Japanese society, getting released from a full-time position ANYWHERE pretty much signals the end of the person's work career.
The fact is, when you get laid off in Japan, it's treated almost the same as getting fired when you go job-hunting. As a result, it's nearly impossible to find a new full-time job with the same wage as your previous one...if you can find one at all.

EDIT: A follow up on some of the responses I got:

When I say 2chan I mean "Ni Chan-neru", everything in Japanese texts. My first language is Japanese, and I probably spend three times as much time I spend reading reddit on those blogs on a semi-daily basis, so I'm pretty sure its still an ongoing problem.

Yes, I understand that its pretty normal for people in many other countries to work massive OT, especially those raking in the big banks. But I'm talking about low-end to high-end "average" jobs, that pays you anywhere ranging from a very rough estimate of 140,000 yen to 1,000,000+ yen (≈$1.4k to $10k+) a month.
As /u/dsaasddsaasd addressed, companies with these working conditions are called "black" companies. From numerous polls I've read over the years, it seems like about 25 to 40% of the companies in Japan are employing people under "black" conditions, but I think there are a lot more out there from personal experiences of going out late night with my buddies whenever I have a chance to go back to my home country.
I do understand that Japan is not the only country where many people have working conditions like this. I just find it funny how many people seem to have the idea that with all this advanced technology and hyper-organized infrastructure, people in Japan just have a chillax time. The reality is quite the contrary, and this combined with the dwindling reproduction rate, are two of the many issues that plague Japan today.

I'm pretty sure the textbook definition of "laid-off" means there's a sliiiim chance of re-hiring + it usually happens because of downsizing so you're not entirely responsible for losing your job, but in this case it also includes all the other reasons like illness (physical/mental), being harassed by coworkers, family issues, etc., which you have no to little control of. I should have clarified that, my bad.
Wow - that hit's close to home. 

I worked 8.30am to between 8.30pm &amp; 2am plus most weekends at a bank (head office). Coupled with illnesses of two close family members I cracked; ended up with massive anxiety attacks and depression. Getting out of bed each morning was my Everest. 

Fortunately my boss had been through it too and was super supportive - I took a week off, the bank paid for an excellent psychologist to see regularly. I'd say it takes years to recover though. 

But the hours got worse and around 9 months later I was headhunted by another bank with a 40% payrise. My old boss countered with another role and more money, but I said it was too little too late; I wasn't happy with the hours, I'd asked for more staff and tools to increase productivity countless times. 

My replacement had to take extended stress leave and the team of 3 staff I had, increased to a team of 5 within 3 months. 

Now I work 8.30am to 6.30pm, rarely work weekends, love my job, travel to amazing places for work and feel guilty with the hours I do. 

I'm a Chartered Accountant if anyone's wondering. 
I was an expat in Japan for a large international technical firm. Mostly projects (project teams of over 50 employees). 

It nearly destroyed me. I was managing about 30 Japanese engineers,  10 Americans and about 10 Europeans at the time. The average workday was 14 hours. 

Productive hours?  Not more than 8. I tried to change the mentality,  by asking and later nearly by force.  You'd think they would appreciate it. You'd be wrong. Our team stopping after 8-10 hours was seen by hundreds of other as height slackers. Even though our project was ahead of schedule,  under budget and above expectation,  while others struggled. 

It's a very fucked up work culture and I'm not willing to work in it again. 
One of the most surreal moments during a few visits to Japan all had to do with 'salarymen' as they are called. I remember visiting a salary man bar with friends at 11pm and seeing fully suited up men still out having drinks with their boss. Around 12:30 am on our way back to our hotel in Shinjuku we spotted salarymen, fully suited and with briefcases in hand asleep on the street because they'd missed the last train or collapsed from exhaustion..this happened every night and blew my mind every time.
Japan does have labor laws, it is extremely hard to fire full time 'regular' employees. People can, though few do, simply go home when they should be leaving, request the holidays they are owed and refuse to work as much as demanded. 
I have experience working with white collar salarymen in Japan. The whole 90 hours a week is mostly theater and just part of their "honor-based" culture. They value the perception of hard work  more than productivity. 

Projects are always behind schedule and the average person over there will spend two hours solving a simple issue that their American counterparts would have wrapped up in 15 minutes. 
This isn't just a problem in Japan. People are being overworked all over. Here's one example from Silicon Valley:

http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/12/the-silicon-valley-suicides/413140/

You hear the same things from these kids that you do from the Japanese salarymen, "I didn't want to disappoint".
I have been working for a Japanese company in Tokyo for more than a year now.
No matter how many times my boss asks me to try and put in some overtime. I do not do it unless I have a deadline to meet.
I mean fuck that shit I do what I am asked to do almost always on time.
 What's the point in overtime?
 
This guy is right. Some people might do this, I know way overworked people here personally, but it's certainly not everyone or even the majority.
Japan is an economic ticking time bomb. Their national debt is twice their gdp (about 10 trillion USD). They have a  rapidly shrinking and aging population and are also anti-immigration. They have a culture that discourages startups and new business ventures. I forsee that in the next 20 to 30 years they're going to hit a major recession
Overworking / workaholism is a form of laziness.  One hides out from the real work of life, which is exploring / finding meaning and growth.

That, and there's no trophy for masochism.  No one will be there with ribbons and balloons if one collects the most self-harm.

It's sad.  They should just... stop.  
That was incredibly sad. 
But look at how competitive they are. Arent you impressed? Its all about being competitive and nothing else matters. Forget quality of life, The Donald says we have to be competitive. I'm filled with pride when I know US companies are more profitable than other companies, it doesn't matter that the average person is getting less. If we ask for more they'll leave. Better kiss that ass. 

:(
This makes me really happy that I live in a country dominated by unions 
Former employee of a Japanese company.  I was local (Canadian working in Canada) so the cultural aspect didn’t apply to me, but saw some really strange behaviour coming out of the Japanese nationals (Salarymen).  

There is brutal inefficiency in Japan.  The biggest contributor to this was the cultural ideology.  
1.	You don’t leave before the boss.  
2.	You work until you leave  

So if the President leaves at 6, the rest of the VPs leave at 6:30, Senior Directors at 7, eventually at 9, the Jr. Analyst gets to leave.  President has a meeting until 7?  Everyone stays an hour later.  

The other half was that at some point people started filling up time with inefficient tasks so they could *look* like they were working until 9.  One instance stands out in particular where a replenishment analyst had the most brutally inefficient spreadsheet imaginable to do his job.  I offered him some help, even an excel guru to build a macro but he steadfastly refused.  Took a while to figure why, but then it struck me.  This tool he built was able to deliver the numbers he needed while making him look very busy *and* he could point to the complexity he “owned” to look good to management.  

The alternative for him was to have a more efficient tool built that would turn a 3 hour task into a 30 minute one, but now he’d have to explain what he was doing for the extra 2.5 hours to the bosses.  

There were lots of cultural differences which got me (family, drinking, golf) but the work ideology struck me most.   

That closing shot was hauntingly beautiful.
How is this legal?
This makes me feel a lot better about our "productivity crisis" in the UK that the government is trying to "solve" by destroying workers rights
here is a youtube link for those that don't use vimeo:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Qe6fQfVI3E

the video says 9 minutes, 35 seconds long.
Why don't foreign companies flood their market, steal all the good workers, offer them a Western style work environment and make bank off of their increased productivity and competitiveness?
wow, and here I sit reading reddit at work.
"We want to expose these companies"

Apple anyone?
These types of documentaries always make it out like literally everyone in Japan works insane unpaid overtime hours, has no life outside of work and ultimately kills themselves out of despair. Take a minute to understand that the country would have collapsed if that was the case.
My wife and I just went to Japan for our five year anniversary. I will say almost everyone we saw in the city looked tired and worn down. most of the businessmen would fall asleep on the subway holding their briefcase. Literally everyone was nice the entire time but you could see the general wear on the people there from their busy lives. It really mad me appreciate my slower paced job and life.   
Naoya committed “karojishi” or suicide triggered by overworking in **2006**.

Kinmi Ohashi, 60, lost her husband, Hitoshi, from suicide in **2009**.

The article is copy-pasted 2 times, speaks about only two cases that happened 8 and 5 years ago **BUT** is time stamped **2014**.

Was it so hard to find recent data, or is it that to talk about the same *fascinating stories* every year is that enjoyable?


The situation has already changed in Japan, the times were being a full time regular employee was all that counted, is over.

People focus much more on part-time jobs where you won't be asked to do overtime, sometimes working at two different places at the same time to earn more. Then they can save time for their private life and families, and as they also get full social cover over a certain number of work hours, they lose nearly nothing.
The fact that the part-time hourly wages are getting better and better paid only accelerates the process.

**Japan’s regular wages increase for a seventh straight month**

*Base pay climbed 0.4 percent in September from a year earlier, the labor ministry said Monday. Overall labor cash earnings, which include overtime and special payments, increased by 0.6 percent and wages adjusted for inflation advanced 0.5 percent.*

http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2015/11/09/business/economy-business/japans-regular-wages-increase-for-a-seventh-straight-month/#.VlRUal7Zcbg


I think this is really symptomatic of the new working paradigm. It's escalated to an awful level in Japan and the US is right behind it. The ubiquity of technology and the desire to stand out amongst colleagues is literally killing workers in the digital age. 
On a related note, there's an actual place in Japan called "Suicide Forest", where many people like those in the video end up going to die.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aokigahara
Their government is worried about the declining population for a reason, more babies means more future workers. Their success driven culture has many positive attributes but unfortunately it has gone too far and they face rebellion in the future if they don't change. That has always been the flaw of Japanese government, denial and lack of reform. 
This was depressing AF
That's insane.

At my job, I'm practically first to leave. The minute the clock hits the hour work is over, I'm out before it's a minute after :00. If I get to work early, I browse the web and do no work till work starts.

Of course I'm pursuing my own entreprenurial ambitions so I work harder for that, but I didn't sign an agreement with myself to work within a specific period of time.(I'll work my best during those hours, but don't ask me to stay longer for "the team" because I won't give a crap anymore)
Keep in mind that only a very small portion of the Japanese working population are affected with the "Overwork culture". Although most companies might expect you to put in some overtime (paid/unpaid), many places won't judge you for leaving when your shift ends.

The tide is slowly turning on this issue thankfully, with the new generation opting out of traditional full-time career jobs and finding jobs which give them more freedom and pursue what they want to do in their own time. 
With fewer young generation to replace the older working generation, companies are looking at alternatives to the traditional "One company, one career" mentality and started offering part-time options and other flexible options. 
There is still a huge discrepancies between the salaries of full-time vs part-time but I think those things would be ironed out in the near future as Japan can no longer be picky about the choices employees make with the huge reduction in the working population.

here is a youtube link for those that don't use vimeo:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Qe6fQfVI3E

the video says 9 minutes, 35 seconds long.
I work for an Aerospace company in California and many people work 50-60 hour work weeks consistently. I guarantee almost everyone who is doing that is working efficiently for that entire 50-60 hour work period. 

Not saying anyone should have to work that much, but it's definitely possibly to work 30% more hours and get 30% more work done.
Not just japan korea and other asian nation are being overworked. When i went to korea it was pretty normal to see the trains over packed at 11-12pm from all the late night workers. 
Overworking is becoming common in Engineering everywhere.  If you want promoted you work as many hours as you possibly can; at least in the U.S. we are generally allowed to do some of that from home; but working 60-80hrs a week is not uncommon.  Not at all.
Is it just me or is the documentary in Japanese? 
Any chance the hikkikumori problem/situation is a response to this?

I often have heard it as people crumpling under extreme pressure but could it also be '*I do not want to piss my life away in blind service to go to a family i will never see because i am always at work*'?
I work in Japan and the culture here is very different than what it is compared to western countries. Here work comes first over anything. Personal life is irrelevant and you are not allowed to say no to your superiors. 

I had a colleague work from 3am to 8pm 6 days a week for just under a month. I have no idea where he slept.
[A week in the life of a Tokyo salary man.](https://youtu.be/po8IPh64rVM)
Part of me feels like a terrible person for practically screaming: "YES! Someone fucking finally posted some inhumane dirt on other developed countries and took the U.S. out of the spotlight, if only for a moment. That's a victory in my book."
What are some solutions that could be acted upon on small scales within the office?
if overwork and service overwork is restricted, many company would be forced to bunkrupt.
if overwork and service overwork is restricted, many company would be forced to bunkrupt.
It's funny how this country is both so advanced and so behind at the same time
I'm surprised that nobody has mentioned the [karoshi games](http://www.karoshigame.com) (two of them are flash games that you can play in your browser).
Bookmarked
That was incredibly sad. 
Is anyone aware of a video like this that analyses other countries in a similar way?  Mainly looking for Peru it other South American countries. 
I feel this is relevant  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9zThcMJzQU
The being label disposable hit me pretty damn hard.
I mean, if they are disposable... whats the issue? 
If you think Japanese companies treat japanese employees like trash what about the foreigners? Japan always always been relative closed for immigration, but that doesn't stop them from "importing" thousands of "interns" who were promised of a skill who were then put into the labor force. Just wait until the olympic construction begins, its gona be a foggy line from slavery. 
I'm from Brazil (my English sucks, sorry) and the same shit is happening here. Its not like the terrible Japanese situation but things are getting worse everyday.

If you work on a big company on an administrative position (IT, HR ...) you have to do at least two unpaid overtime hours every single day. 

I think this is happening because working (and socializing at work too) is taking a major and abusive part of our life. All your happiness is connected to have more money and more power, your social life is based on fucking networking (I hate the network thing) ... so, why leaving on time ?

So, when you have this "office based life" you don't want to consider other people having other kind of social life, needs or life styles. When someone leave the office on time he will automatically be someone you don't respect, someone you call lazy...
&gt;Railway companies charge the families of Suicide victims and Building management charges a "cleanup fee".

What the motherfuck? They're family member committed suicide and they're charging them money because of it? What heartless bastards do that?
http://www.karoshigame.com/karoshi-flash.php
I thought Japanese work all day, don't get much done, productivity is low, they are bad consumers, they are bad investors, savings rates are too high, everything is too expensive. I was reading about Hoffstedes cultural analysis and Japan is the most masculine society in the world http://www.clearlycultural.com/geert-hofstede-cultural-dimensions/masculinity/ I thought it would be one of the most feminine ones, not that success oriented, everyone has equal pay and men have given up on sex with women, but maybe they make up on other areas. Men work all day long and if they go to dentist they don't get painkillers.
Is there still a culture of men being the providers in Japanese culture, or do both men and women generally work? I ask because it only seemed to be men that were talked about in the film. I suppose that could be explained by the fact men generally go for more high-pressure work.
After scrolling through the comments looking for someone like me that really did want to watch that, but TIL I'm the only one who doesn't speak Japanese as a second (or first) language here.
This kind of labour regime is utter bullshit. It amounts to wage slavery, and I judge the management behind it to be psychopaths.

I work 40 hours a week, perhaps 45 if there are deadlines that need it. Beyond that, go fuck yourself. There are more important things in my life than enriching some shareholder with my time.
Beautiful but sad documentary. 
They say a every train driver eventually has to face the fact that a person WILL commit suicide in front of their train. Maybe every 10-15 years or so... apparently its just a an unavoidable aspect of the job.

I wonder if in Japan, how often that is for the average train conductor. Do you think that they are having a suicide happen on the job like yearly or every 5 years instead of every 10-15?
Does  every who watched this understand Japanese 
The title should read: Japan's Disposable MEN!

Also, I find it quite fascinating that the main focus of the video was on the pain of the women left behind, rather than what led to these men committing suicide i.e. the enormous amount of pressure put on them by the society (or perhaps the women in their lives) to provide. 
It's weird.  I work a dedicated 8 hours at 100% productivity.  I can tell that other people don't work as hard as I'll be given a month to do a project that takes me 2-5 business days, meanwhile everyone else takes the full time.  I can't imagine what it would be like to be in Japan where the same thing happens only everyone is in the office 2-3 times as long.
This led to me replaying that Karoshi flash game
Imagine how productive those companies could be if they had an inspired workforce work a regular 7-8 hour day.
Pretty somber.
Another intersting doc from these series:
https://vimeo.com/121705174

Japan's Disposable Workers: Net Cafe Refugees
Sounds like my life when i started off in investment banking... 
Interesting documentary and comments on the system in Japan. I'm working with 3 Japanese but we are researchers and  besides being very nice and polite they work (hard) like regular people. I mean we don't compete to stay the longer, when we're done we just leave.

I wondered. It says train companies or building management charges families if one of them kills himself. Anyone has an idea of what kind of money it is ?
worked in a few bigger asian cities and from what i can tell, these "over-hours" are seen as sort of a bonding medium among Asian workers. You earn an acceptance when they see you sacrificing the same amount of social life hours as them. however, productivity is typically disregarded, and sometimes even seen as a threat to their own job positions, among the lower ranking echelon. 
Well this video really puts my bitching about working into perspective.
I have an exam in 10 fucking minutes, why the fuck i'm sitting here crying..

fuck u op, fuck that company

RIP for that guy
They are competing with China while trying to maintain a higher standard of living but the truth is that they cannot win.  Working longer and longer hours for the same pay? until you break down?
I won't share my secret. but I make 150k/year and I work about 2 hours per day, this after my job with Chase as an engineer was outsourced to Mumbai. They expected me to work overtime every day since I was salaried and my bonus would be based on overtime. Calculating the hours, that bonus was a rip off because I was actually working for something barely above minimum wage to get enough hours in for a bonus. Anyway, they did me a favor.  Took a few years to get where I am but I will never go back to a job/slave to make some other guy rich.
I just found out vimeo has a roku channel (because of this post). And now I don't have to worry about the dreaded conversation of "I don't know, what do you want to watch" with my husband tonight. It's been getting worse than the what to have for dinner banter we go through every week.
geez if you're gonna work that many hours you might as well pursue a higher paying career than typical corporate work
Japan has a lot of neat aspects to their culture but man the workplace nonsense and the way they treat women is just awful.
Capitalism working as intended. Videos like this show just how far people will bend. It's going to be awhile until something actually breaks and things begin to change.
I dont get why theyre complaining. Outside japan youre a slave for some major corporation too. The only difference is we travel to work. You get to live and sleep atyour workplace? Hell, think of all the money they save on transportation. No insurance, no gas, no traffic, never worrying about arriving late to your job. Fuckin awesome.
COOL. If only I could understand Japanese...
Why is vimeo so goddamn slow?
What a fucking dumb bunch of people. I'm too afraid to leave first hurhur autism too high and I'm a corporate bitch.
The japanese need unions or they could move to another country that will pay for overtime. (nearly all civilized places in the world do. Slave work should be illegal)
Am I an idiot for being surprised that suicide is so looked down upon in Japanese society when it was once a highly ritualized and respectable way of preserving one's honor in their culture in the past?
A race of robots whose only purpose is to produce hot asian women and good food for the white man's pleasure, at his beck and call. What an obedient race of weird emotionless slant eyed midgets 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51nsdObM1Ok
another mirror

newest mirror in HD thanks to a guy below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6e49yfPI7s
If the "sisters" truly believed the nonsense they are spouting, then why don't they take their children and themselves to Syria to join the Caliphate?
&amp;nbsp;

If you're against democracy, why stay in Britain?  Do they honestly think they can bring Sharia law to Britain?
just looking at the womans face when she was preaching at the end, man it was like looking at a child just repeating what the "other brother and sisters" told her to say. She has never had a thought of her own, purely a lemming. I could never beleive anything she says because you can just see in her childlike eyes where she gets those ideas. A real pity. Fighting for nothing and trying to create a void of death, probably afraid of death, living off hand outs from other people's hard work, truly cancer like. 
talk about working against your own interests...
For fucks sakes would someone wipe off whatever's in that guys beard!? 
I live right near where her first meeting took place in that community hall in North London. The government really needs to do more to deal with these assholes.
This should be much higher.  Eye opening.
It would be really great to pair these ISIS recruiters with romance scammers.  
This is how a documentary should be done. I hate how so many US shows make everything an emotional sensation. This show, on the other hand, seems to present the facts accurately but isn't trying to make it all emotional.
I don't even know why UK and other Western nations even bother putting up with this filth. If they don't respect the laws of the land they reside on then they should be kicked out, it's that simple. They have love for sharia and their false khalafat then let them go die their dogs death in places were their extremist views are tolerated, shared and accepted. Men and women supporters of extremists don't deserve the rights and freedoms of the West.    
Muslims working from the inside to root out these people are going to do an awful lot to help lessen bigotry and blanket condemnation of Muslims in British society.
This is so effed-up! Their plan is to make everybody hate the muslims in the western world. They want all muslims to ba hated so they have nowhere to go in the end. I come from a muslim family, my mom prays 5 times a day and i have never been taught to hate other religions. She always said we believe in judaism and christianity too, muslims have been living among other religions in the middle east for a very long time. She sent me to a private school where there was alot of christian kids and actually our teacher was christin and she was my moms best friend. I remember my mom taking me and my sister with her and her christian friend during christmas times to light candles and pray in church and she told us "this is also gods house and you have to respect it as much as the mosque we go to"
Her friend used to fast with my mom during ramadan to show support. 

What happens to people like us? I really dont give a shit about what faith the next man has or what he wants to do with his/her life. I have respect for all life. We are all humans and we all live on this planet together. These terrorists (including world leaders &amp; media) are slowly but surely killing all of us.

Sorry for my misspeling, english is not my main language.
Unwatchable from every source...

How about this one:
http://www.alluc.ee/l/Isis-The-British-Women-Supporters-Unveiled-HDTV-x264-TASTETV-mp4/idi0vd9p
?

Or just: http://www.alluc.ee/stream/Isis%3A+The+British+Women+Supporters+Unveiled
shouldn't they be deported?  or put in jail for terrorism?
[Channel 4 mirror](http://www.channel4.com/programmes/isis-the-british-women-supporters-unveiled) (UK only?)
'Please sign in to view this video' Fuck Off
Worlds easiest organization to infiltrate and literally go *undercover*.
How is she hiding the camera?
4:58, speak to the secret muslim girl in a safe location where no muslims can overhear the conversation... a fried chicken shop in London.

DOH.
Does anyone know if someone like me can help intelligence agencies in Europe with stuff like this? I'm an ex-muslim who speaks fluent arabic and was "educated" in these crazy islamic schools for more than 10 years.
all these people need to be deported. if you hate democracy so much gtfo. WHy bother coming to the west. Or if you were born there, get the fuck out if its so shitty
These people are actively working for a foreign nation at war with the UK.  They deserve nothing less than a blindfold and a bullet.
Oh man... WTF are you waiting for UK?
Stop fucking religious people/stop religious people from fucking...
*Allahupumpkinspice*
Why not imprison them?
This is a documentary presented at least by two Muslim women, both the reporter brought up as a Muslim and her "friend" Assha who we assume is still. And their opinion about the Islamic State is the same opinion that the vast majority of Muslims have in the UK and elsewhere. 

Muslims frankly both immoral and stupid enough to support these belief systems are in a small minority. And you don't have to watch too much of their ineloquent ranting to get an idea how stupid that minority are. When you realise it's obviously a battle against people this dumb, frankly it isn't going to be too hard to win. Let's make sure we include the greater proportion of fair minded and intelligent Muslims in that battle. 
Video is private now. Mirror?
They speak with so much confidence, it's no wonder people will believe them. The way they twist the meaning of some sentences to their own liking is unbelievably worrying and frightening 
tl;dw;
I hope they all had their rubber ducks on
I bet all those women were reporters and spies.
15 years of collateral damage i suspect recruitment can't be that hard 
please tell me these women have been arrested or deported... i cant believe how easy it is to make contact with these ppl.... why isnt twitter automatically blocking such activity
Interesting that both IS supporters and their most fanatical opponents (far-Right in the west) have such disdain for democracy.  
[deleted]
These fucking fucks.  Rid the world of this Scum 
What was in her bag?
I dont want to sound racist, but if we know that some immigrants might have values and belifes that clash with the western ones, why do we keep ignore this issue? Why cant we just accept more people from South America, China, India, etc? 
Why didn't she just.. let her look inside her bag..?
The parable of the "Camel's Nose":

One day an Arab and his camel were crossing the desert. Night came and the temperature became colder. The Arab put up his tent and tied the camel to it. The Arab went to sleep.

The temperature became slightly colder and the camel asked the Arab if he (camel) could just put his nose in the tent to warm up. The Arab agreed that the camel could just put his nose in, because the tent was small and there was no 
room for 2. So the camel's nose became warm and after a while the temperature went down even more.

The camel asked the Arab again, if he (camel) could just put his fore legs in because they were very cold. The Arab reluctantly agreed that the camel could only put his fore legs in and no more. So the camel moved in his fore legs and they became warm. 

After sometime the camel asked the Arab again that he had to put in his hind legs or else he won't be able to make the journey the next morning with frozen legs. So the Arab agreed and once the camel moved his hind legs in, there was no more room in the tent for the Arab and the Arab was kicked out.

The Arab represents those nations who allow extremism in their midst; the extremists are the camel.

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel%27s_nose
Why is this so shocking? [This guy has been fighting this shit for years. Everyone has called him an islmaphobe.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YQ94jFg_4A)
  
These people are like the kkk, but it's politically incorrect to get people to lock them up for supporting an enemy of the UK...
 
This is treason. Treat it as such!
And people want to take MORE immigrants from the middle east?
So was all this provided to the police? are they in jail now?
Is there any good mirror? I'd love to watch this doc.
mirror?
The video is private, anyone else have a different link? The Channel 4 one doesn't work for me.
Video is private?
Linked video went down, appears this is it  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51nsdObM1Ok
I tried to watch it but the video is private.
video is down 
Video is private now. Mirror?
Unveiled. I see what you did there
Other videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3uqhtw?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Isis: The British Women Supporters Unveiled](https://youtube.com/watch?v=51nsdObM1Ok)|[247](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3uqhtw/_/cxh84co?context=10#cxh84co) -  another mirror 
[Tommy Robinson - Main Speech](https://youtube.com/watch?v=_YQ94jFg_4A)|[19](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3uqhtw/_/cxh6c0h?context=10#cxh6c0h) - Why is this so shocking? This guy has been fighting this shit for years. Everyone has called him an islmaphobe.  These people are like the kkk, but it&amp;#39;s politically incorrect to get people to lock them up for supporting an enemy of the UK... ...
[Major Payne's Major Laugh](https://youtube.com/watch?v=7nDOWmZQFmI)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3uqhtw/_/cxhfheh?context=10#cxhfheh) - Extended visual 
[Sonder: The Realization That Everyone Has A Story](https://youtube.com/watch?v=AkoML0_FiV4)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3uqhtw/_/cxhdpv9?context=10#cxhdpv9) - Okay!  Cool stuff. 
[Nuke The Bastards.......](https://youtube.com/watch?v=SNAK21fcVzU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3uqhtw/_/cxhhr4a?context=10#cxhhr4a) - Am I right? 
[ISIS British Women supporters unveiled   Channel 4 UK](https://youtube.com/watch?v=V6e49yfPI7s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3uqhtw/_/cxhhs7s?context=10#cxhhs7s) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
What are the legal reasons that they can't reveal some of the names? 
Any newer mirrors all the links in this thread are dead
Did they at least shut down the recruiting center and arrest those involved? 
Wow very intense piece 
Good documentary. I watched it last week on C4. The girl was incredibly brave throughout, it gets pretty on top at some points. 
Just deport them to their dream land of SHAM(Syria). they will join 72 virgins soon.
any idea who the hate preach is that they cant name for legal reasons?

Anjem Choudary by any chance?
If a journalist can infiltrate, why can't the government kill these people?
Who would downvote this? 
Literally the two places she goes to are Walthamstow, where I live, and Whitechapel, where I study. It's scary to see this shit going on near me all the time
Leave the comment section is full of racista
I tried every possible link they are gone someone help me pls ;/
An eye opening documentary, seeing all those children in these meetings being taught these values really is shocking.
Damn those spoilers throughout the documentary. Great doc, but those spoilers ruin watching it. I suppose it's to keep people stay at their TV, but if you're already intending to watch the full doc it's very annoying.
Why do they have to  dramatized this? Adding spooky music and creating suspense undervalues what they are showing. This looks like another form of propaganda. 
That woman was a terrible orator.  How are her bullshit boring lessons inspiring anyone?  Truly fucking brainless people to believe that horseshit. 
I'm sorry, but these kind of people just be castrated and not allowed to reproduce anymore.
Kill them.

Only solution.
Any woman who wears a full face covering hijab (Burka), is misguided and following the path of ISIS. 

Burqa is not Islamic, it's actually a cultural dress that the Bedouin women used to wear before Islam, it was used to protect their faces from heat and sand storms.
These people should be jailed for 10 years
instead of that couldn't they just infiltrate and... you know... get rid of them?
The irony of this of course lies in the fact that our own intelligence were telling us to support the rise of a Caliphate in 2012, followed by many comments by the Prime Minister that could easily be construed as an attack on Islam. 

It's easy to see how people get so twisted up when they are absorbed in that world. We don't help the situation at all, in fact it seems we fuel it further wherever we can.


Great job at showing how people can be mislead and seduced by these recruiters.

Hilariously awkward stock footage of staring at computers with the reporter and readings of the tweets. I've always wondered what it would be like for a depressed British guy to read Islamic State hate Tweets
These people should be jailed for 10 years
ISIS....something, something......2 girls..... something, something......raped to death...... something, something.......stoned to death...... something, cannot escape....something....
**These fuckers eat and live for free on behalf of the idiotic west while they preach death and destruction on an already destroyed middle east.

These people are worse than any islamist. Maybe it would be good to reconsider your "freedom of religion" it causes more harm to the middle east than anything else, we really don't need even western people to stand AGAINST us. Many people are killed daily and many don't get their whole life half of what these whores get in a month, and these ugly whores have the nerve to talk about how good islamist groups are.

These people should be shot on sight.
**
3:40. BUHHH DATS NOT THE REALLL ISLAM!
The west has only seen the beginning
4 million muslims in uk. and all he found was 3 women, saying mildly controversial things. 
Reminds me of Westboro Baptist Church.
These people should be jailed for 10 years
Execute the ones caught on camera for treason and deport everyone else they so much as shook hands with and ban them from entering the country for life. Fucking pussy Brits. If these pieces of muslim shit are proselytizing like this, then everyone else they know is guilty by association for not turning them in.
So reporters can find them but secret agents can't? That's like the bullshit story of the journalist who interviewed Osama Bin Laden - the whole US military and about a trillion dollars couldn't do what some random person and a camera could.

Why can't people see this for what it is? I mean - have we lost the ability to think and call out bullshit when we see it?
Those videos that are private and therefore unwatchable always make for the best documentaries. 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/howgodworks] [ISIS British Women Supporters Unveiled - Channel 4 UK (2015) - A woman goes undercover to explore the activities of female ISIS recruiters in the UK : Documentaries](https://np.reddit.com/r/HowGodWorks/comments/3usbc7/isis_british_women_supporters_unveiled_channel_4/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
[deleted]
There might be a tiny truth to what they are saying, but they twist it around so much that I have a hard time even trying to understand them. Generally these are ungrateful assholes.

it's these people that make me think that freedom isn't something that should be inherited by citizens unconditionally, but is something to be earned instead

then i realize that is taking a step towards becoming more like these people and therein lies the miserable conundrum... only by allowing these people to take advantage of our system do we remain true to our own path
Saudi Arabian women are scary!
/r/exmuslim
[deleted]
Nuclear option is looking better and better!
What with all these ISIS related posts lately? 
Edit: I'm not trying to take credit here. To avoid confusion I'm adding the attribution to the top. 

**From the Douglas Adams book "Last Chance To See"**
       
"There is in Melbourne a man who probably knows more about poisonous
snakes than anyone else on earth. His name is Dr Struan Sutherland,
and he has devoted his entire life to a study of venom.
'And I'm bored with talking about it,' he said when we went along to
see him the next morning, laden with tape recorders and note books.
'Can't stand all these poisonous creatures, all these snakes and
insects and fish and things. Wretched things, biting everybody. And
then people expect me to tell them what to do about it. I'll tell
them what to do. Don't get bitten in the first place. That's the
answer. I've had enough of telling people all the time. Hydroponics,
now, that's interesting. Talk to you all you like about hydroponics.
Fascinating stuff, growing plants artificially in water, very
interesting technique. We'll need to know all about it if we're going
to go to Mars and places. Where did you say you were going?'

'Komodo.'

'Well, don't get bitten, that's all I can say. And don't come running
to me if you do because you won't get here in time and anyway I've
got enough on my plate. Look at this office. Full of poisonous
animals all over the place. See this tank? It's full of fire ants.
Venomous little creatures, what are we going to do about them?
Anyway, I got some little cakes in in case you were hungry. Would you
like some little cakes? I can't remember where I put them. There's
some tea but it's not very good. Sit down for heaven's sake.
'So, you're going to Komodo. Well, I don't know why you want to do
that, but I suppose you have your reasons. There are fifteen
different types of snake on Komodo, and half of them are poisonous.
The only potentially deadly ones are the Russell's viper, the bamboo
viper and the Indian cobra.


The Indian cobra is the fifteenth deadliest snake in the world, and
all the other fourteen are here in Australia. That's why it's so hard
for me to find time to get on with my hydroponics, with all these
snakes all over the place.


'And spiders. The most poisonous spider is the Sydney funnel web. We
get about five hundred people a year bitten by spiders. A lot of them
used to die, so we had to develop an antidote to stop people
bothering me with it all the time. Took us years. Then we developed
this snake bite detector kit. Not that you need a kit to tell you
when you've been bitten by a snake, you usually know, but the kit is
something that will detect what type you've been bitten by so you can
treat it properly.


'Would you like to see a kit? I've got a couple here in the venom
fridge. Let's have a look. Ah look, the cakes are in here too. Quick,
have one while they're still fresh. Fairy cakes, I baked 'em myself.'
He handed round the snake venom detection kits and his home-baked
fairy cakes and retreated back to his desk, where he beamed at us
cheerfully from behind his curly beard and bow tie. We admired the
kits, which were small, efficient boxes neatly packed with tiny
bottles, a pipette, a syringe and a complicated set of instructions
that I wouldn't want to read for the first time in a panic, and then
we asked him how many of the snakes he had been bitten by himself.
'None of 'em,' he said. 'Another area of expertise I've developed is
that of getting other people to handle the dangerous animals. Won't
do it myself. Don't want to get bitten, do I? 


You know what it says in my book jackets? "Hobbies: gardening -with gloves;
fishing - with boots; travelling - with care." That's the answer. What else? Well,
in addition to the boots wear thick, baggy trousers, and preferably
have half a dozen people tramping along in front of you making as
much noise as possible. The snakes pick up the vibrations and get out
of your way, unless it's a death adder, otherwise known as the deaf
adder, which just lies there. People can walk right past it and over
it and nothing happens. I've heard of twelve people in a line walking
over a death adder and the twelfth person accidentally trod on it and
got bitten. Normally you're quite safe if you're twelfth in line.
You're not eating your cakes. Come on, get them down you, there's
plenty more in the venom fridge.'


We asked, apprehensively, if any of the folk remedies or potions we'd
heard about were any good.


`Well, nine times out of ten they'll work fine for the simple reason
that nine snake bites out of ten the victim doesn't get ill anyway.
It's the last ten per cent that's the problem, and there's a lot of
myths we've had to disentangle about snakes in order to get at the
truth. You need accurate information. People's immediate response to
snake bites is often to overreact and give the poor snake a ritual
beating, which doesn't really help in the identification. If you
don't know which exact snake it was you can't treat the bite
properly.' .


'Well, in that case,' I asked, 'could we perhaps take a snake bite
detector kit with us to Komodo?


'Course you can, course you can. Take as many as you like. Won't do
you a blind bit of good because they're only for Australian snakes.'
'So what do we do if we get bitten by something deadly, then? I
asked.


He blinked at me as if I were stupid.


'Well what do you think you do? he said. 'You die of course. That's
what deadly means.'"

-Douglas Adams, Last Chance to See
As a teenager living in South Africa, one day a boomslang (literal translation: 'tree snake') fell out of a tree onto my shoulder and then went on its merry way. I was a little alarmed but didn't really think twice about it. My mom and brother, however, freaked out having identified it as a boomslang. 

A few years earlier I found a live green mamba in my tent. Not a good situation to find yourself in. We (some adults in our group) killed it with a swingball steak, cut out its venom glands and cooked it on a fire. I don't recall the taste. 

Years later in college I was on a multi day hike with some friends and a Cape Cobra reared its spitting head and struck at my friend who impressively jumped u up with a huge pack on and wacked it with his hiking stick. The cobra went for him a second time but thank the gods was unsuccessful. 

A couple years later on a hike I was swimming in a mountain pond when my friends started yelling at me and pointing. I looked back and saw a small snake swimming towards me. I'm sure it was a perfectly harmless snake but I swam like a crazed maniac to shore. 

tl;dr snakes like me
The premise reminds me of [The Sound of Insects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLdj7QTZCcc), completely stunning documentary which is just a bare-bones reading of the diary kept by an unidentified man who decided to sit down in the forest and just sit there until he died. It was AMAZING.

Is this one equally awesome?

(I just realized that one doesn't seem to have been posted to this sub before, that's super weird!)
Gosh. If he'd gone to the hospital they could have perhaps increased coagulant until the venom was broken down. This is awful. I have to admire the stoicism though.
Wow. Disappointing diary-

"I got bitten by a snake. Feeling a little. Sick"

Sleeps 12 hours
.
.
.
Wakes up

"Still sick"

Dies. 
Some things the video and the title don't mention, probably in order to be more sensational:

Boomslang bites are not normally deadly, and Schmidt thought the small snake who only got him with 1 fang couldn't possibly have delivered him a fatal dose.

This is not the story of a man who knew he was going to die and documented it. This is instead the story of a man who thought he had no chance of dying, so didn't even bother to go to the hospital, decided to document a few ill symptoms, and dropped dead instead. 
"What's a boomslang?"
"Ets a snek"
"Is it dangerous?"
"Not unless you're an ig"
"An ig?"
"Yaw, lives in the grawss, eats birds' iggs"

If anyone has this show on DVD, or a good rip, even, ~~I will pay $50 for it.~~ EDIT: Resolved.

EDIT: It was years since I last searched for this. The situation has changed since then! Some redditor partially delivered (Thank you!) and I have partially paid out the bounty. 
He herped until he derped 
Wow, that's fascinating.  I never heard about this story. 
Very interesting story. Something about the pacing and editing of this video is driving me nuts, though.
Right now I'm in London flying to South Africa to look for snakes to photograph. I'm going to be careful. 
Boomslang skin. Touche severus.
My Dad was in Nam and still to this day fucking hates snakes.
This reminded me of Jon Krakauer's Into the Wild, with the diary and journaled death. Creepy.
Fascinating and sad
Thank you, that gave me chills. I'm someone who'd probably also describe things right until the end. Fascinating and sad.
Other videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3rr5id?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[The Sound of Insects: Record of a Mummy (2009)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=lLdj7QTZCcc)|[24](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rr5id/_/cwqw6jf?context=10#cwqw6jf) - The premise reminds me of The Sound of Insects, completely stunning documentary which is just a bare-bones reading of the diary kept by an unidentified man who decided to sit down in the forest and just sit there until he died. It was AMAZING.  Is th...
[Douglas Adams: Parrots the Universe and Everything](https://youtube.com/watch?v=_ZG8HBuDjgc&amp;t=1079s)|[9](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rr5id/_/cwr3eah?context=10#cwr3eah) - You&amp;#39;re in luck. 
[The Flextrek Whipsnake](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ZAtzN_ScKXY)|[5](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rr5id/_/cwqojje?context=10#cwqojje) - WWHHHHHIIIIIP SNAKE 
[Living Carpet of Snakes!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=VVgReLN2g8k&amp;t=30s)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rr5id/_/cwqve8l?context=10#cwqve8l) - Footage of   in Australia. 
[The wrong way to hold a venomous snake](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Mti4uIdnA3E)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rr5id/_/cwr9b4p?context=10#cwr9b4p) - It doesn&amp;#39;t get much crikeyer than this, folks... 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
This was the most fascinating thing I've watched in a while. O.O
Hey thanks, I heard this mentioned on npr and forgot to look out up 
I did the same thing on one or two LSA/nutmeg trips.
As a scientist, this is the ultimate acceptance--sometimes the scientist is the guinea pig. This is fascinating!
So I went off looking for images of this snake, they're absolutely beautiful looking animals. 

TIL I suppose. 
Plot Twist: He also had a hidden stash of Lacewing Flies, and brewed a batch of Polyjuice potion to fake his own death.
Don't believe the lies, he was clearly trying to make polyjuice potion.
I expected the diary to be more detailed, him being a scientist and all.
Creepy but oddly fascinating.
Boomslang skin. Touche severus.
Why was cutting off the arm immediately or taking a shitton of coagulants at a hospital not an option?
Creepy but oddly fascinating.
Creepy but oddly fascinating.
Boomslang skin. Touche severus.
Fun Fact: The name boomslang is Afrikaans which literally translates to tree (boom) and snake (slang).
Jesus Christ.  Dude’s boss level was off.  The fucking.  Charts.
Reposted last week
I'm extracting venom from one of these for the first time on Tuesday...perfect timing for this video to be posted.
Diary of a moron would be a more fitting title.
Herpetologist, sounds dirty..
Boomslang skin. Touche severus.
Today I learned that the boomslang is not a fantastical creature in the Harry Potter universe used exclusively for Polyjuice Potion.
I'm nominating Dr. Schmidt for the Darwin Awards. 

He could've went to the hospital to at least alleviate the symptoms. According to Wikipedia, there is antivenom for boomslang. As other users has pointed out, they could've also used a coagulant. Instead, he goes home to die.

What I love is when non-South Africans try to pronounce boomslang. Hehe, good times.
Diary of a dumbass. 
I am a 56 year old pilot.  I've seen things that it took me a LONG time to figure out what I was seeing.  Always figured it out, always a completely natural and understandable explanation.  But some of them really had me convinced for a while. 

Example: At cruise in a DC-9 (today called a Super 80) I saw a perfect circle disc of light pacing us off our port wing.  Once I noticed it, I was pretty freaked out at how it held almost perfect formation.  Then, it ABRUPTLY changed altitude.  I mean, in the blink of an eye.  

It continued to hold formation, and occasionally make abrupt changes, for over an hour. 

I finally realized it was the reflection of the full moon on an otherwise almost invisible cloud layer. An extremely thin Cirrus layer.  As the strata of the cloud layer changed, the disc appeared to change altitude. 

Once I saw what it was, via a slightly thicker, slightly visible, patch of cloud, it was hard to see it as anything else but a reflection.  Prior to seeing that, for over an hour, I would have absolutely sworn we were being paced by a circular, lit, something. 

There are quite a few other examples over the years; too long to type. 

tl;dr.  Visuals can be VERY convincing.  Where a crashed one?

"well received", "credible" [citations needed].
[direct link to video] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGMGOdKOPKk)
I thought it was a very well produced documentary but I've always been very skeptical of UFO's.  My main concern is that this is a film produced in 2009 mostly about older sightings.  

We now live in a day and age of where not even a B List celebrity can make an off-color remark without 30 Citizen Journalists posting the incident on Youtube in full High Definition.  And as this type of readily available technology becomes more abundant, reports of UFO's significantly decrease.  

Take the tiny flying saucers that followed all the Pilots around for example.  Where did they go? We didn't stop flying planes.  The Blue Angels came to Baltimore last year, millions of photos were taken, no UFOs. Same thing year after year after year, yet we are suppose to believe that these discs followed every pilot in that day on every flight? Or that it was at least common. 

And I agree with the film that it's not right to immediately discredit those who report sightings a lunatic, but it's also not right to say that just because a particular person is a pilot or a general or high ranking, that he isn't capable of fabricating a story. 
The comments in this post are really surprising to me. A lot of people are boiling this down to people saying, "You see that?! What is that? Must be aliens!" The message I came away with is that a lot of respectable people saw things that they have no explanation for. More importantly, there is a compelling argument that the government is keeping investigations secret. This documentary is more about saying, "We don't know what we saw, but it is annoying for the government to deny investigating this when we have a pretty good idea that they are." All these people want is transparency. They aren't running around yelling "aliens!"
These documentaries would be better if they had some skeptics in between, pumping the brakes. Something like the Rendlesham forest incident has been explained a long time ago. They even show the famous notebook that has been receiving more pages as years go by.

But reasonable analysis would of course deflate the film and take the mystery away.

I guess these are entertaining, but not convincing at all.
at the 58min mark. where you hear the radio contact between pilot and control tower... 

no one on the radio is following standard voice procedure. 

Im betting that was dramatized after the fact. 
Kind of an ironic title.
Take this for what you will, but it's true and I consider myself a pretty rational guy, I can't explain it. About 6 years ago I was driving with a friend to his parent's house. (We were like 19) We were about 1/4 mile from Lake Huron on a deserted backroad, Polly 10 pm in December. Out of nowhere we see 3 blinks of light really low directly above the road. They looked like if someone had swung a burning ember, not radiant but glowing. 

I stop the car and get out, it happens again directly over top of me but this time it's at a different angle,  it became apparent from the angle of blinks and the blotted out stars that it was triangular, low, huge, and absolutely silent. It took up about the visual space of... say a baseball diamond gliding a bit above treetop level, a little bigger. 

I reach into the backseat to grab my camera (I've constantly had an slr in my car since 16) and my friend is holding the dash, looking straight down, terrified. By the time I fumble with iso and shutter speed, the thing glides pretty fast about 1/4 mile, blinks both sides, then it's blinking near the horizon, then gone, maybe 15 to 20 secs from overhead to the horizon. No sound, and we were the only car within hearing distance on a crispy still December night. 

3 years later: My girlfriend and I are sitting down at the deserted beach near her parent's house, like we did maybe 3 nights a week that summer Lake Huron again. It was about 11:30 pm in July. Oddly we're talking on the phone to the guy with whom I saw the aforementioned skything. Right over our heads, at about the same height we see the exact same thing, same 2 sets of blinks same triangle blocking out stars, but this time it's just the beginning of an unexpectedly jarring night.

I tell my friend we've gotta go, and we watch this thing. This time it goes way up fast, blinking all the time, and floats out over the lake. We watch it till it's way out there (I'm not gonna guess distances but it went from huge to looking like a jet that blinks orange) and  It slows down and the blinking becomes a steady orange light, starts looking like a large a orange ball, and kinda starts bouncing through the sky if that makes sense, like dipping near the horizon and back up again. As it's doing this the color slowly changes from reddish to orangish to blueish to greenish to whitish with a green tint and then back again. 

My gf grabs my arm and gasps, over to our right, a little under a mile away visually, another ball is slowly moving offshore in the general direction of the first. It's doing the exact same thing, same floating motion, same color cycle, and the same utter lack of any sound. It continues to approach the first one until they get very close, then things get bizarre. The closer they get to each other, the slower they move, almost as if they were flying through thicker and thicker jello, or like we were watching a video that was having the speed of playback gradually decreased. The color changes, however, increased in speed the closer they got. The same cycle, just faster. One always had the opposite color as the other relative to the cycle, as in if one was red/orange the other was blue/green. 

Once they were very close together they just stopped. I've described it as the utter lack of motion, because that's the best term that I can think of to describe it. They both simply stopped moving with about an inch of visual space between them, near the horizon of the lake. When they "locked" like that, their colors stopped cycling but got much brighter, more white involved. They slowly, very slowly began to "orbit" each-other, like the animation of binary star-systems that you've seen on How the Universe Works or a similar show. There was no variation whatsoever, it looked like they were attached by a solid tether.

As they orbited, my gf and I both saw, at the exact same time, bright flashes of white light intermittently pass between the two balls. It looked like they were shooting very bright camera flashes at each other. This happened occasionally as they spun, and they slowly exchanged colors during the rotation; the reddish one gradually became greenish and vice versa. After they had spun 180 degrees and exchanged colors entirely, they unlocked and floated opposite directions, to the left and the right of us, until they crossed the horizon and disappeared. 

We were awestruck. It was insane, but it was real, there are no two ways about that. 

So given that I saw exactly what I've described, I would love some ideas about what it may have been. I'm not screaming "aliens" but what the hell? What could it have been? Secret govt. aircraft seems unlikely unless they're really trying to make sparkly colorful balls. I just don't know. 

EDIT: After rethinking the whole thing I did some looking for Michigan ufo sightings that are similar to the one I posted, I found this one from Wurtsmith Air Force Base, which is about 40 mins from where we saw those things. (It's been shut down for like 20 years)

http://www.nicap.org/norad4.htm
During the summer of 2007, I was driving on 280 N around 5:15 PM towards home after work. Well, my friend was driving and I was sitting passenger. I became transfixed on the moon which sat about 15 degrees above the horizon straight in front of us. My mind had assigned it this celestial value, but after a couple of seconds I realized I was looking at something much less ordinary (not that the moon isn't awesome). The best description I can give is that it appeared to be an equilateral triangle that was an orange-glow color and remaining perfectly still in the sky. In absolute terms, it's size was close to a half-moon cut in half horizontally through the middle of course this varies on where you are in earth, but its the best way I know to give an approximation. It just sat there and I could not compute what I was looking at. I grabbed the attention of my friend and he looked at it too and acknowledged its presence. Shortly thereafter, it smoothly shrank over the course of 2-3 more seconds and vanished as if it were traveling away very quickly. The steadiness with which it shrank implied we formed a perfect line from our place to the object and its trajectory which seems incredibly unlikely but from his vantage point it also appeared completely steady, and could not have been a reflection on our windshield as we were looking from two distinct points at the same distant point. He and I still wonder what we were actually seeing, was it an optical illusion or something else. Has anyone else seen anything like this or heard credible theories what we might've been seeing? 
"Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.” - Arthur C. Clarke
I once saw a UFO. I was walking home one night and bursting for a piss. Whipped the lad out and pissed up a back alley. Was peeing for ages and I was staring up at the sky. This small faint red dot just slowly moved across the sky. It was curving slightly away from the earth but picking up speed. Then all of a sudden it just changed trajectory and wizzed away so fast. I dunno what the hell it was but nothing man made could change direction that quickly and accelerate so fast. 
I've sent the director a message a link to this thread, he might pop in if anyone has any questions.
The weirdest UFO sighting I have ever seen was in broad daylight. It was about 4 or 5 o' clock.

What I saw was multiple flying and perfectly spherical objects, at least 6 or so, possibly more, and all different colors like red, orange, blue, black, but each one only had one solid color. They looked pretty big as well. They flew like they had one destination, but also had a little life in them, as instead of traveling in a straight line, they curved in different directions many times as they flew, and they flew *fast*. Much faster and much more agile than any fighter jet today. Their motion was completely smooth as they traveled, banking and smoothly changing altitude, etc. and I didn't hear a single sound from them.  

They traveled really close to the mountain in their background at times, like a crazy wingsuiter does, but were able to rapidly navigate.
 
They just kept going and going, past the mountain, and off into the horizon, leaving as quickly as they came...

Any good UFO sighting subreddits?


Edit: Apparently I witnessed something like the UFOs over Nuremberg, albeit a lot less violent.

Eye witness accounts are incredibly inaccurate and unreliable. It has put many innocent people in prison, because the eye and the mind does not work like a camera. But eye witnesses are considered golden testimony because it seems like it makes sense. No, you don't "know what you saw", even if you think you saw spacecrafts from other planets.
It sucks that anybody...literally anybody who sees a ufo or has some kind of paranormal encounter will immediately be thought of as mistaken, dumb, crazy, or something else along those lines(even by people who consider themselves intelligent and open minded). I understand that in many instances, these encounters can be explained, but i believe some are genuinely mysterious and should warrant further investigation.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but haven't these sightings fallen off a cliff with the invention of the camera phone?
Pretty sure I've seen two in my life. Just completely unexplainable flying objects. One looked like a blimp but it was entirely lit up and VERY bright and didn't make a sound. Filmed it and put it on YouTube where it was taken down (go figure) and the other one looked like the old tv antennas that used to be on top of houses. Also lit up like a Christmas tree about the size of a ups truck. Flew lower than a helicopter very slowly, stopped for a minute, then resumed flying. Also no sound. Did I tell anyone? No. Because no one believes in that kinda shit so I forget I even saw those things and moved on. 
I saw one guy saying he took plaster casts of the markings on the craft. Am I mistaken?

If this were true I would find it to be quite incredible. If you have the time to take a plaster cast, why not take a picture? I doubt he just happened to have the plaster with him at the time.
I have an honest, serious question for those with more than a passing interest in UFOs: What difference does it make? 

I mean, suppose we find out that those cigar-shaped things are full of little green men from Mars. How does that change the status quo? 

Is it just curiosity, or do people think that KNOWING THE TRUTH will change anything? 

I mean, IF they're here, well... here we are, with them. IF they don't exist, well.... here we are. 

One guy says it's all bollocks, another guy insists they're from Mars, want to eat us, etc. etc. etc. Either way, the world for both guys is the same. 


My bad, guys. I think we all know what the U in UFO stands for. That description portion of the title should read "documentary on  *arguably* credible accounts of UFO witnesses". I posted this just before passing out last night, I was pretty exhausted.
Here's our first credible eye witness. This is Bob. He's been a Ufo expert for 12 years. He's also written a book on his experience. For only $11 you too can read about his harrowing ordeal. 

Meet our next credible witness. This is Nancy. She's been in and out of mental institutions all her life. We won't mention that in this documentary. She swears aliens have been living in her TV since back in 82.

This is Gerry. Gerry is a medical doctor from Alabama. He has footage of a Ufo that we'll show here. And here it is. To you it might looks like some regular lights in the dark but to the trained eye we swear to God this is real alien footage. 

Did we mention Kennedy saw a Ufo? That's right, he totally did. BAM how's that for solid evidence. Please buy my other documentary, "Bigfoot is real and other stuff" 
Maybe people should watch it before commenting.
Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and reflected the light from Venus.
The absence of evidence is not evidence of aliens. 
I can believe that they believe what they saw, but they can't expect to convince anyone else about it. 
[deleted]
I remember seeing a UFO, but it wasn't like anything others report, and it wasn't really flying, just falling slowly. 
I watched this just the other day, my favourite UFO doc, other than the Disney UFO doc from the 70's or 80's.
When I was about 13 I saw something I still can't totally explain. I was sure even then it was a low flying plane or blimp or something. I was riding my bike and I saw this metallic spherical ellipse thing in the sky. A tree blocked my line of sight for a few seconds and then it's not there again. I looked around, nothing. Circle back to where I was before in case it was an antenna or something. Nothing.

So no, I don't think it was an alien spacecraft but I still have no concrete explanation for what I saw or where it went.
http://crow202.org/2011/plif-107-flying-object.gif

/main level repost so this comic doesn't die in obscurity
I don't think alien intelligent life has visited us, but people may have seen things and been mistaken. If there was alien intelligent life, it obviously doesn't want to get caught or noticed... Therefore they would have carried out the last of their flying saucer research before our image capturing and surveillance techniques evolved. If I believed aliens had visited us, that would be my justification for the recent decline in sitings.

I think there is intelligent life out there, but I'm not so optimistic about it finding us and coming here in any reasonable amount of time.
I think its funny how so many people find it difficult accept ambivalence towards UFO's. Fact, even if it were true we'd be so far behind on every conceivable and inconceivable level that we really would be the ant to the UFO human sized shoe. What I'm getting at is choosing yes or no is not as sufficient as believing "maybe" or "its not possible to decide.".
I watched this today (because of this post) and I was surprised. It wasn't the same old country bumpkin "i seen 'at UFO back'err" garbage that is synonymous with this kind of stuff. Personally, I do believe a significant amount of "sightings" are perfectly explainable things. Others are possibly naturally occurring phenomena that we just don't have answers for yet. I'm also aware that some people are just flat out liars and want attention. However, isn't there just a slim chance that a some of the strange things people supposedly encounter are worth not completely passing off? I mean, are we as a species, so arrogant as to think we know everything? I refuse to believe everything I see and hear from people because skepticism can be good, but at the same time I also refuse to call people liars. There was a time when people "knew" the earth was flat... that was fact to them. And now we remember those people and think, "man they were dumb as hell." I guess I don't fully discount strange things because if/when it ever is proven to be from an outside source I don't want to be who future populations look back and go "they thought they were alone and knew everything? What morons!" Also, on a side note, the few times friends and family have confided in me (even if I didn't believe them) I took their word for it, namely because if they truly believe they saw something weird who am I to tell them they are wrong? That may just confuse and irritate them more. Plus every single assertion regarding the unknown, whether for or against it, is completely speculative. Realistically, believers and non-believers have the same credibility as there is little hard evidence either way. Lastly, for those of you who immediately want to trash me all internet-style, this is so you can attack my personal beliefs rather than just my thoughts on this documentary - I sort of feel there is a reason so many astronauts (you know, those guys who have been to space and have more experience than anyone here regarding anything outside of this planet) write books and speak about UFOs and what not.
Title should be "I'm not crazy! *You're* crazy!"
If they 'know what they saw' then they're not UFO's....
&gt; I know what I saw"

No, per definition you do *not* know what you saw.
Funny how once every person on the planet had a high quality camera on their phones the sightings of just about everything went straight to zero, isn't it?

&gt;I know What I Saw

If  the people think they saw a UFO,  since it is unidentified, they don't actually know what they saw. Weird title
Have the phenomenon in this alleged space shuttle footage ever been properly explained?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8njYpyAkMp8

Everything they record is a flashing orb. You'll notice many of the stories in this thread involve a high speed flashing orb of some sort. I've seen one with a friend at dusk; something circular and translucent appeared over some tall trees but it was not possible to tell really how large or high it was. I shit you not, when I pointed at it, it started moving in an erratic, almost impossible manner and seemed to suddenly be a bright orb high in the sky...as if it was camouflaging itself as a star. Make of it what you will.
On the topic of knowing what you saw, I encourage everyone to check out this blog post by an Air Force veteran. He explains an example where for a brief moment he and everyone in his crew *thought* they observed an unexplained strange phenomena, a UFO sighting if you will, and how it *almost* fooled them.

[It's a bird, it's a plane, it's fooling a veteran air force pilot](http://yankeeskeptic.com/2012/11/11/its-a-bird-its-a-plane-its-fooling-a-veteran-air-force-pilot/)
There's a "stigma" for a reason. People who think they see UFOs are either wrong or nuts.

I think there's life on other planets but no, none of you have seen it.
Considering this documentary is from 2009, can someone point out any of the cases that have since been explained?
its a private theory of mine that most UFOs seen in the States are highly classified test aircraft. The government encourages the mythos around Area 51 and UFOs so as to spread misinformation for foreign agents.
My whole problem with ufo or alien conspiracy theories is first off, why would an advanced species traveling the galaxy with ease give even one hundredth of a shit about humans and our civilization. What do they have to gain by cooperating with our governments in secrecy or hiding themselves from plain sight? What are the chances that they only decided to visit our planet when we had finally established government entities that are capable of covert activities completely outside of public knowledge? Why didnt they land at waterloo and shoot the shit with wellington or napolean? Or caesar? Or genghis khan? I dont think they were just hovering around eating space popcorn waiting for us to finally begin a space program of our own in order make secretive contact. 

Another thing, i personally dont believe that if there are extraterrestrial ships exploring our solar system and planet that they have any aliens on board at all. I mean, whenever humanity decides to probe around space and investigate other planets and possibly other lifeforms, we wont send actual people to do it, instead we will send robots, ones that are autonomous  enough to make their own decisions without need for complete guidance from us, and because we would be terribly apprehensive about exposing organic materials like pathogens, bacteria, etc. to the alien lifeforms that we will view them from very far away or send tiny probes to look closer, but never engaging with them. And if we did decide to poke around upclose with said robot probes, we wouldnt do so in a way convenient to the societal structures of the creatures on the planet, that would be pointless, if they were an advanced enough species to create civilizations of their own, we could learn more than enough by observing and listening in on radio communications and so on...

Alien conspiracy believers or die hard UFO believers are way too optimistic and simplistic about the way we or they would conduct space exploration...
Isn't weird how UFO sightings have gotten less common despite everyone having smartphones on them at all times?

It does not matter how credible the person is...they could have a Nobel prize.  Eye witnessing events is the least credible form of evidence.  
The majority of contrarians in this thread are incredibly narrow minded. Assuming that even a small percentage of the planets recently observed are potentially inhabitable, and have even a small head start on our own technological progress, it is common sense to assume that they have discovered forms of travel far beyond our own knowledge of space and time. Humans like to go on road trips and research expeditions... Why wouldn't other civilizations?
[deleted]
The fact they are pilots or astronauts or ex military does not make them any more believable than anyone else.  
Dopes.
ayy lmao
Yea it was about as much as a documentary as the rest of the 'documentaries' that show on the Discovery or NatGeo channels. 
I've seen 2 UFOs, once in 2012 and ones in 2013. Only told really close friends about it. I don't really want to talk about it to news or anything like that. I don't want to seem crazy. Anyway, I don't believe in aliens, I'm pretty sure it was some reaaally awesome govt aircraft.
I could have an alien ship land in my yard (with security video) have the aliens come into my kitchen for a snack (with selifies) and leave me with a cool bit of alien artwork as a thank you and the best I could do is make the history channel for people to laugh at the sincerity of my delusions. I am not even sure I would tell my kids.

Kids: "Where did the chocolate milk go?"

Me: "Aliens came by and drank it."

Kids: "Yeah, whatever, next time save some."

Wife: "Who made the burn marks in the lawn?"

Me: "Aliens, and they drank all the choco-milk."

Wife: "Well you can burn off the calories while you fix whatever you did to the lawn."

Wife: "Nice art, where did it come from?"
Highland, Illinois. Best as I know, no one's quite explained what the police followed towards Lebanon, Illinois that night.

Logically, it was some sort of early drone tech based out of Scott air force base since Boeing's Phantom Works was so close (And the trajectory leads it right back to Scott), but man that led to a great song by Sufjan Stevens.
watched it and I was shocked with all the high profile folks talking about their experiences. I have never seen anything and dont know that I want to. unless they are ewoks  
Whenever I think of UFOs this Calvin and Hobbes immediately comes into my mind: http://azterixz.blogspot.sg/2015/07/so-pluto-is-back-in-our-geography-text.html


Meh, I don't believe in UFOs still after watching this.
I WANT TO BELIEVE. 
There's a few claims of things being "impossible" in this documentary that can be ruled very possible if you do the math. Especially about the speed of objects. 
Working for the govt doesn't make you a good source lol. Would you ask Kim Davis for marriage advice ? 
I want to be leaf
It'll be interesting to see how things will be looked at now in the age of smart phones. With that said.

The strangest thing I ever saw and never saw anything like it ever again was when I was in a cabin by lake in Colorado. It was early morning. The sun wasn't out yet. Me and me brother were already awake. For some reason we both walked to a window and my brother pulled the curtains open. About three feet in front of us was an object as a bright as the sun but it didn't hurt our eyes to look at it. It was almost formless but it didn't illuminate anything around it. We probably stared at this thing for about 1 to 2 seconds and then shut the curtains immediately out of terror. Later in the day I decided to try to figure out what it was. I looked at the window. There was nothing special about the window. Nothing outside the window. I would deny that this happened had it only happened to me. But my brother saw it as well. It wasn't something we saw out of the corner of our eye nor off in the distance. It was right there point blank in front of our faces. But yeah. I don't bother telling people this stuff in person. They'll just think I'm nuts or stupid.
UFO's are bullshit. Why do all UFO's supposedly have lights all over them? Why would alien vehicles have the same lights we use for identification of our planes? They trying to notify JFK they coming by for a pass?
"I know what I saw"...no, you saw something and you assume it's aliens. Huge difference. 
Ahuh but these are people in professional/official positions who observed objects perform in ways not currently known to human kind and defy our laws of physics as we know it so yea, if its not ours who's is it?! 
Are these ancient Aliens or just regular ones ?.

I only believe in the ancient kind.
Didn't know this was the skeptics sub-reddit. Haha!  Seriously, there are a lot of good points on here. 
I have no doubt many, many people have seen ufos, but I am certain none of them have seen aliens. 
I believe in UFOs 100%. There are absolutely *Unidentified* Flying Objects out there.

Do I believe they are space craft from another world?  No.
I know what I saw is also what my friend who hallucinates says.

Isn't the point of UFO [u]nidentified? IE, you can't definitively know what you saw?


UFOs exist. Alien spacecraft visiting earth, abducting humans, etc... do not.

The biggest blunder the little green men archetype ever made? They have an entirely human form. The differences  (internal genitalia, bigger eyes) are completely superficial. It took 4 billion years in conditions unique to earth to evolve the human form. No alien is going to look identical to us. Basic science fail.
Here's the thing.... literally NOBODY doubts the existence of UFOs. There do, in fact, exist phenomena that appear to be flying objects that are unidentified.

But there is a stigma with discussing these sightings because they're *probably* not extraterrestrial visitors. Most of these sightings have completely reasonable explanations and "UFO-ologists" refuse to accept them. It's absurd to ignore a plausible explanation for the highly unlikely one that aliens are flying around and somehow they haven't been shot down for violating a country's air sovereignty. Turkey shot down a Russian jet that may or may not have been in Turkish airspace for 5-10 seconds; do you really think the Air Force wouldn't be all over a foreign aircraft in US airspace?
If you know what you saw then what you saw wasn't a *U*FO.
Thank you How can you be so sure it was entirely lit up and had no clue what it was.
If you are skeptical of UFO's, come to northern arizona at the beginning of summer and look in the sky on any monday, tuesday, or wednesday. 
I fully believe in the existence of extra-terrestrials, but I highly doubt any of the sightings are such beings. Abduction can be attributed to sleep paralysis. When it comes to sightings, eye-witness testimony is by far some of the most inaccurate due to how easily our eyes can be deceived by light anomalies. 

If E.T.s had the desire to travel to Earth for observation, collection, or other various activities, they clearly don't want to be seen. If they wanted to reveal their selves they could've done so long ago. I believe that if other advanced life exists, it either has no desire to travel to our planet, or is/has been here and is remaining hidden. Besides, any civilization capable of inter-galactic travel could surely produce some sort of stealth technology far more advanced than anything we can imagine.
It's funny. UFO simply means UFO. Not little green men, probing you or eating cow insides. I have seen many things, filmed once or twice, stuff that I have no idea what it is. 
UFO  /= alien

Everyone sees UFOs daily....perfectly normal to not know about everything that one sees
Amusing to watch, but you can't seriously believe these things.
Lots of scary music - must be credible.
Ever notice how it is always Republicans that lie and claim they saw things that don't exist like UFOs or invisible men in the sky.  That invisible thing proves they're liars.  Liars.  How can you see something invisible?  They have 2,000 years of history invested in that house of lies.  House of lies.
[deleted]
We both saw it, it was a craft of some sort, far bigger and far faster than 10,000 miles per hour and make humans believe the universe isn't populated by them?
Funny how once every person on the planet had a high quality camera on their phones the sightings of just about everything went straight to zero, isn't it?

The bigger question is "[where the hell are the other sentients?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox)"  

To actually think that the Earth is plausibly a one off requires being something of an ignoramus.  In that instance, you're basing your estimation off of a sample size of one.  It's the epitome of a "not even wrong" hypothesis.  You'd probably have to be part of some sort of cult to have enough reinforcement needed to tolerate such a skewed view.

Granted, everything in the universe is separated by time as much as they are by distance.  However, unchecked exponential trends have a way of quickly filling in the gaps in fairly short frames of time.  It seems completely normal to me to expect that our little solar mass well is host to numerous examples of Arts not of human origin, perhaps even an intergalactic grad student or two.

I imagine some future generation will look back at us and wonder why we couldn't spot the obvious repeated instances of past resource manipulation on this or that planet, or why a particular spectral line is over-represented in some nearby solar body, or a completely alien biochemical process in the oceans and soils.
The thing is, no, you don't know what you saw.  First I'm not siting anything.  It's been too long since I've look at this.  To start look at "UFO" spotting around the world.  Depending on your region you will see different things.  Europe sightings are usually tall human like aliens, the states you have the grays,  undeveloped smaller third world types have more of a mythological god like beings.  

Looking at it objectively there is still something happening.  I don't believe it has anything to do with aliens.  Just people see shit. 
By definition, everyone who has ever seen something in the sky and failed to correctly identify it, has seen a UFO.

I'm more interested if anyone has correctly identified a flying object from an alien civilization. But we don't call it that, because that would be dishonest. And something that can be ordinarily explained like flares or a simlpe military test wouldn't make us feel special. So instead, we invent a word that implies we saw aliens when in fact we're just being ignorant and proud of it.
The file that awarded John Burrows's benefits is on file with the Ministry of Defence under their freedom of info act FOIA online, as in the Roswell file on the FBI's site and the Kecksburg UFO on NASA's site. France and Brazil already disclosed. Go look for yourself, it's all there.
The problem with these things is that everyone thinks a UFO is an alien aircraft automatically.
Plz post in /r/skeptic and relay results.
If they are UFO's how do they know what they saw? they are unidentified so their for do not know. 
and the fact that all sighting are restricted to the US xDDD
14:47 it may not be aliens, but it's Jim Fucking Lehey.
"Compelling" - Steve Speilberg

probably really means

"Anyone who finds this rubbish to be compelling is an idiot and needs to have their head examined.
So what is next people are going to post documentaries about ancient aliens? This type of post should be moderated, I always enjoyed that the documentaries posted here usually have a standard of quality but if you let aliens and ufos and all that crap pass through you might as well go watch the history channel. 
I saw something when I was 18 with a buddy.  Smoking cigs sitting there then all of a sudden these 2 orbs are sitting side by side in the sky moving at a relatively low speed.  We followed them for about a mile until they vanished.  I'm convinced they were ufo's.  I also had a Boss who was out camping one day, saw some lights in the sky and about 2 mins later about 10 Black Hawks fly by.  He said the lights dropped down to where a lake was and the helicopters just hovered there for a good 20 mins.  I'm convinced aliens are weird and I've had some interesting experiences.  When I was 14, I woke up to what sounded like a massive wind storm in my room and a bright ass light outside my window.  Everything was blowing around in my room like crazy. My blanket was pushed on my body but blowing on the sides where it wasn't covering my body.  All this happened before I had ever tried drugs.... I pulled the covers over my head terrified and fell back asleep.  When I woke up, I thought that my room was going to be a shit storm but it was perfect.  Shit is crazy.  I don't know what else it could've been.  Past life maybe.... But I already know what my past life is, which is very interesting to me... Having a vision of it, getting shot in the back and head during WW2.  Where I was shot in the back is where my birthmark is and where I was shot in the head, is where I have a big scar from when I got as a kid.  I get visions from my past life from time to time and it fucking sucks.....  Btw, when I was sitting outside another day smoking a cig, I noticed a bright white light a pretty low altitude.  As I noticed this, I hear a siren go off.  While sitting there I'm listening to the siren for about 2 mins while watching this light.  As soon as the sirens turned off, this light started moving slowly up in the sky and vanished.  The weird this is though when I heard the sirens turn off, I got the feeling as if someone had just died.  Those are just some of my experiences.  Feel free to PM me or reply if you're interested in hearing the full story of my past life experiences or the other stuff I have seen.
These are the same people in Werner Herzog's "Happy People" who are hired out for menial labor, and discuss the rampant alcohol problem.  Also you may remember they have dolls that are almost like personal household deities.  The one man was very upset his house burned down with his dolls still in it.
Gypsies used to be insular and mysterious, now there are at least two reality shows about gypsy families.

Ket Road Truckers will be along someday.
That, "Siberian Indians," thing kind of made me laugh a little bit. 

I was like, "Don't you mean, "Siberian Native Americans?"
It's good that they never get bored
I'm guessing they have a loud aversion to eating carbs.
Has anyone ever just ask one?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ket_people
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khanty_people

I would not say a complete mystery.

They used to ride elk, so cool! 

Shroud**ed.** They are shrouded in mystery.
The documentary is great but I'd like to slap the narrator for saying every damn sentence like it's some kind of mildly humorous surprise.
Any mirrors? That site refuses to play nice with my Android phone. 
The narrator is annoying.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ket_people
Worst narrator ever. 
So these are the guys I keep hearing about on /r/fitness
And they never eat bread.   
Do they not eat carbs?
/r/keto
I wonder what kind of diet they have.
I'd like to be mysterious.
Чукчи
youtube link for easier chrome casting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjJvAZkFBTM
What kind of sounds do the keto's make............. Ketones 
Thank you for this OP interesting and succinct but where are the recipes?
Why so many Russia Today postings?
Thats funny.. They look like some of my brown cousins. Even the little kids that are also Russian. There are a lot of Natives here in Canada, that look mixed like that. Hell, a lot of Russians are living here in Canada too. Hahaha
And now I'm wondering: Why, if there is so much game to support families, doesn't the population grow?
I'd like to be mysterious.
It seems there's plenty known about them, including their language, culture, religious practices, and lots of their history.
For anyone interested, this is the location of the main village mentioned in the video:  [Google Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kellog,+Krasnoyarsk+Krai,+Russia,+663237/@62.2985478,50.4395468,3z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x4348dc121650009d:0x92716362f5ea58)
There's something really unsettling about how that was narrated.
I wonder what kind of mildly humorous surprise.
Indo-European or Proto-IE language doesn't really have a loud aversion to eating carbs.
I can't get this video to load, or play.  Must be Cyber Monday.
Aluets basically?

TIE-ga The narrator is annoying. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ket_people /r/keto Came here to watch a Keto watsobabi, ama!
lol wouldn't they just be called a Siberian Indigenous group. 
"Their origins including history, language and religous practices are shroud in mystery."

Eerily similar to Vancouver City Hall.
Do they eat carbs? Do they have mad gainz bro?!
Gypsies used to be mysterious.
Damn, it's super hard to watch a Keto Documentary while eating cauliflower.
Cool seeing him make his own bullets.
It sounds like there aren't a lot of Natives here in Canada too.
I imagine that they come out of Africa like everyone else, so it'd only be a few 10,000s of years that aren't accounted for.
It's pretty amazing to think about the various paths humanity has taken. That today we have instant global communication and advancing into space, while there are still groups of people that live the same way today as they did a thousand years ago.
Interested
From the opening description:

"Their way of life has remained the same for hundreds of years. "

The scene captioned over this statement shows them cooking in a factory forged iron pot, with a woman wearing pink fucking Crocs.

Gypsies used to be insular and mysterious, now there are still groups of people that live the same macros because I have a concensus on it's origin, but the most outrageous thing about the various paths humanity has taken.
Really enjoyed that, thanks.
"shroud in mystery" is a fancy way of saying, "they didn't a shitty job of keeping track of things"
The propaganda on RT is insane, I remember why I stopped watching anything Russian; because it comes straight from the Kremlin.
TIE-ga
The narrator is annoying.
Damn, it's super hard to watch shit that is Square now. Especially on 4K Display like this one. 
I don't want to know something else now.....
Do they also never shut the fuck up about their diet?
/r/keto 
Umm, I'm a Keto watsobabi, ama!
Thought this would be about the diet
Now matter how odd their way of life, the most outrageous thing about the Keto remains their infamous diet.
I'm guessing they have a concensus on it's origin, but the most outrageous thing about the Keto remains their infamous diet.
Your nickname is akimboo??? Thats been my ign since 12 years ago @_@ hello twin! 
The part that confuses me most, is why the opposition to being documented.  I thought an important part of big public protests was that they be recorded by the media.  If your cause and grievance is worth protesting for, don't you WANT people to know you did it, and what happened?
"This is a public space"

"Oh that's a really good argument; I'm a communications teacher. You need to get out."

lol weht
A documentary about an event from 2 days ago? 
Very clear. Very well done. A little too long with his own video from MTSU.
[deleted]
/u/treein303 I have a few questions. Having seen protests of this type come and go, it seems like the following are true:

* Protests can come from any side of the political spectrum: the only requirement is getting people to care enough and show up.
* Above a certain size, a protest usually results in "mob mentality", along with all associated behavior: repetition, suppression of personal responsibility, etc.
* However, large protests are sometimes required to get attention to issues, and have often resulted in meaningful positive civil change in this country.

My question: In your opinion, is there any way to get attention to an issue through large group action _without_ accidentally forming a mob that will inflict mob mentality on onlookers, contrary journalists, counter-protesters, etc? What would be the key ingredient to achieving that ideal kind of protest: one that is both impactful and respectful?
The photojournalist in that video had balls of steel.  Mob mentality is a scary thing to experience and quickly spirals out of control.  I applaud his attempts at trying to reason with them but when you get a crowd like that, its futile.

The girls in the front of the wall irk me the most, seemingly standing there for the selfies/#'s/Instagrams...one of them is on her phone for a good portion of the exchange....OMG Katelyn! I need a PSL, like now! #Molotov.
"The IQ of a mob is the IQ of its most stupid member divided by the number of mobsters." -- Terry Pratchett
I had that teacher at Mizzou. AMA!
This is great. I hope that 'mob mentality' becomes the next social media buzzword and raises awareness. We can all benefit from that.
Political clickbait is one of the reasons why I purged my facebook friends recently. And I was mostly seeing views I agreed with. Its just pointless cause its just there to stir up emotion just like this guy's video says. Its really disgusting politics has come down to this. 
Most of the students that manhandled the journalist could be charged with assault. The average person misinterprets "assault" a violent physical attack. Assault is the threat of violence that precedes physical battery. The battery does not need to occur, the reporter definitely had a fear of violence, and the crowd did become physical with him. Then there's the violation of the reporter's 1st Amendment Rights--- by a journalism professor, no less! If these were high school students, in this era of zero tolerance, there would be severe repercussions for their bullying. And certainly the censorious (in every sense of the word) journalism professor should be removed from her position.

http://criminal.findlaw.com/criminal-charges/assault-and-battery-overview.html
Who is the blonde lady with massive sunglasses at 2:25? She looks a little old to be in college. Is she a professor?
That didn't take long.
The Professor who mocked him for saying it's a public space...just....wow. 
I am so glad I went to college when I did. 
This is the most refreshing, intellectual thing ive seen dealing with populations pushing narrtives in.. I dont know *how* long. 


Thank you for this.
[This is so coincidentally relevant.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyUi5-W1s9Q) 

PBS and Neuroscientist, David Eaglmann's show, The Brain, puts teenagers and adults in a shop window and has passers-by gawk at them while measuring their stress response. It's a demonstration, not a proper test. It demonstrates that the teen brain is more sensitive to situations that causes them to think about themselves and the emotional significance to themselves. 

It is measured by measuring the part of brain that becomes active in those situations, called the "Medial Cortex" and it's activity rises through childhood and peaks at around 15. 

So for college age kids this part of the brain is over the hill but has not subsisted to the levels that it will be for adults. This somewhat explains how college kids are so susceptible to protests and mob mentality. The Medial Cortex activity peaks at 15, but in high school kids lack the knowledge and freedom to gather for a cause. Once they're in college their Medial cortex may have slowed down to 90% of peak, but the learned subject matter from college and the media, has the ability to spread uninhibited by curfews and parental guidance. 

To be clear this is not criticism. I was guilty of this mindset as well in college. I'm just proposing a possible explanation.  
I don't understand... why wouldn't the protesters want media coverage?
Death to professional victims! Parasites AND their enabler/nurturers!

If we allow ourselves to be subjugated to the desires of these sorts of useless, toxic, delusional, self absorbed, STUPID, miscreant liabilities we DESERVE hell on earth.
the college students mindless laugh just made me lose all respect for them and their opinions
Regarding the second half of the video, I really hate how the side that's shouting "USA! USA!" and waving the flag is always the ones in favor of a yet another needless war to support the military industrial complex. As if needlessly murdering people overseas for no valid reason at all is always a patriotic thing to do, while being against that is somehow always not patriotic. You never see an anti-war protest use patriotic imagery, and that difference is mind-boggling bullshit.
As a young college student myself, I completely understand the concept of getting caught in mob mentality. I think this video does a good job of pointing it out and making it more obvious. I wish more people would see it just to become more aware. 
related to that faculty member calling for "muscle" to remove the student filming:http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/11/10/missouri-journalism-school-commends-student-tai-reviews-professors-status/75536062/
If you look closely you can see all the girls in the front looking at each other like "am I doing this right?" just as if they have lost their mind and are part of the pack.
&gt;You need to respect the students.

&gt;I am a student.
[It's deeper than that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rE3j_RHkqJc), there is a lot of deeper mechanism going on here
Everyone thinks they're so fucking important these days.
Why is no one talking about the obvious bullshit?

1) This "protest" or whatever the fuck you want to call it, is being run by THREE professors who are in the video. 

2) The hunger striking kid, and almost all the kids, come from families so wealthy that they're richer than 99% of the US population. 

Is this a master class in political agitation? Is this what it's like at rich kid college? Are there any real "students" organizing and leading these things? 
All these college protests seem to be filled with uninformed morons who just wanna stand around and shout, HELP HELP I'M BEING OPPRESSED!
I don't call that a documentary, that's a college spat followed by a one sided rant. 
There are so many cunts with a smile on their face, they aren't there for any real reason, they are there for drama. Good lord...
great respect .. but If I watch parts 1 and 2 and re-re-post this on facebook for the elders aren't I contributing to the clickbate

finished watching 1 .. going on #2 now. nice stuff
Precise, factual and to the point. Something you don't come across much online. A great eye opener.
I recommend reading Gustave Le bon's The Crowd. It has helped me as an individual to recognize the usurpation of one's mental capabilities into primitive spine driven action through the subtleties of propaganda. This is what it taught me. 
Scary
Am currently working on a documentary about how Reddit panned this Documentary. Should be released no later than 10pm Eastern.
The photojournalist in that tone too.
Jesus christ, what a bunch of idiots. And mobs are really scary, because these people might act slightly more sensibly, if they were not in that crowd. 
Very clear. Very well done. A little too long with his own video from MTSU.
"That evil photographer with his hate juice isnt welcome in my safer space."

-Prof. Donkey Punch.
The mighty mighty Thunderf00t's take on this is superb, as usual. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5MPzQnokMU

There are so many cunts with a smile on their face, they aren't there for any real reason, they are there for drama. Good lord...
The juxtaposition between the pro Bush / pro Iraq supporters and the Missouri Protesters were uncanny. 
&gt;The Rise of Political Clickbait 

That's totally a clickbait title
Good video. I agree with everything you have to say, it was well made, and actually used research and evidence. You'd make a terrible journalist.

Although, I'd be inclined to disagree with your theory of "college brain", or at least the causes. Yes, these people are generally young and naïve, but you argue that that contributes to their, shall we say, ignorance. However, the very next scene of the video after you state that shows the member of faculty acting in exactly the same fashion. They also act like children, literally like children, when they say "ok we'll just block you" and start tittering, and push while trying to make it look like they're not, devolving everything into tit-for-tat arguments. That's not the behaviour of young free-thinkers that haven't quite finished developing. That's what 5-year olds do.

Personally, I believe that "college brain", is just "confidence in stupidity". In the western world we've got to a point where if you want to obtain higher education, you can. I think this leads to people that effectively aren't that great at thinking for themselves then grasping at ideas they don't fully understand, either to make themselves feel more intelligent, or because they feel superior to others now that they're in higher education, and have an overwhelming sense of entitlement.

I think it's basically a huge manifestation of the "Dunning-Kruger effect": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect

These people aren't just young, they're so jumped up on their own ideas and opinions and can't stand to be challenged - so they become vindictive. Notice how they bully the photographer to the point of low-level assault, but the cameraman gets into the circle completely unchallenged. That's purely vindictive behaviour, they aren't misguidedly looking out for their principles, they're targeting one person, again as children do.

We see this kind of behaviour in a lot of higher education establishments, the "you have no right to challenge me" attitude. And I really don't think it's as simple as you've described in the video - all college students have always been that age, and higher education has become known as a place of learning and free-thinking up until now. Now it seems that something is changing, and I don't think it's down, even in part, to the biology of the students.
The coverage this is getting is ridiculous and sad. Protesters illegally blocking public space is nothing new. I've been stuck in traffic a couple times due to protesters blocking highways, which has much more serious consequences, but has ironically gotten less coverage and outrage than this event. And things like arm linking or sit-ins or tying themselves to trees or whatnot has a long history in "passive resistance" style protest.

But violate a journalist's "first amendment rights" (which private citizens can't technically do, as the first amendment only restricts the government) by getting in his way of getting a good picture for a couple hours, and the media blows up. The real story about race tensions at UM gets buried under this reactionary outrage, and I can't help but think the desire to downplay the underlying story is at least part of it.

People who are safe and comfortable with the status quo tend to look down upon protesters and other "troublemakers". They are hyper-vigilant to whether the protesters are "playing by the rules" -- even though protests that make absolutely no trouble for anyone are simply ignored. And they try to make a huge issue out of any perceived violation in order to undermine the message and topic of the protest. It's always happened and always will, and I just hope that some people getting outraged at this crowd at least take a moment to analyze their own interests and motivations.

Blocking this guy (and many others -- they had a human wall perimeter set up all around the site) from freely moving on public ground for a couple hours was illegal, sure. So was camping out on public ground for the week beforehand. So was blocking the UM president's car last month (which got basically no press coverage). But no one was hurt. No property was damaged. There were no lingering economic consequences. And no, the fundamental rights which our nation was founded upon were not threatened in any way whatsoever.
Unrelated to this event, but regarding the protests at Mizzou.

http://www.stltoday.com/lifestyles/columns/joe-holleman/mizzou-hunger-strike-figure-from-omaha-son-of-top-railroad/article_20630c03-2a68-5e63-9585-edde16fe05f3.html

Tl;Dr the kid who went on hunger strike comes from a lot of money. Daddy made 8.4 million in 2014, and that's just from his day job.
This man is doing god's work. 
Such privilege and entitlement these students display.  If only they could find a dose of reality.
America... has been raped... and these are the tragic births.
Very little of the coverage of this situation tries to thoughtfully explain the motivations or mindset of the protesters. They might be right or wrong, they might have reacted appropriately or inappropriately, but the discussion should examine their actual justifications, not simply highlight their "rudeness" or obsess over the reporters legal rights (legal rights can be important, but society is also concerned with moral rights that can be beyond or even in conflict with legal rights).

It sounds like the safe space being created was partially in response to a distrust of media coverage. This seems like a reasonable fear - the media are not perfectly neutral observers, they are individuals and organizations with their own agendas and goals. The press can't help but create narratives, and many of their narratives are misleading, and appeal to people's prejudices. Marginalized people are often presented in an unsympathetic light.

Furthermore, citing "mob mentality" and "college brains" is arbitrarily dismissive - such accusations could be leveled at *any* crowd of young protesters. Are the actions and beliefs of *all* such crowds worthy of being dismissed? What makes this particular crowd so "obviously" mindless and irrational, other than that their actions are seen as disagreeable to many people? Passion and righteous outrage almost always seem mindless and irrational to anyone who doesn't agree with you. Saying people are just giving into "mob mentality" is a convenient way to avoid addressing their arguments directly.
What irony.

Anyhow, protests since the inception of humanity have been designed to obviously capture peoples' attention and spread like wildfire. There's nothing different here.
The video is not possible to dissent.
We need a new central ground born out of the few! stealing repeaty Social media buzzwords are analogous to mob mentality. nod.
Can someone explain me why the protestors did now want media present?... Would it not help their cause if they had exposure?
Are there other producers that make videos like these?

"You just touched me." "OMG no I didn't touch you. " "Yes huh you touched my arm. "
This is sums up our society entirely. 
&gt;"First Amendment"

What an idiot.

I didn't know "congress shall make no law regarding" meant "black student activists"...
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLs4w7dTvM8)

When the people of the country have forgotten how to disagree

And the national economy is said to be OK

And the wages that you get will help you to forget

Will you keep your ideologies or throw them all away?


When the system has you beaten

Even now you haven't eaten

Cos you can't afford to eat or drink to keep your brain alive

You blame the system for the weather

but carry on as ever

You go to work at half past eight and come back home at five


You can go blue in the face talking about the human race

How they got to outer space but it never stopped the wars

And how the whole of this humanity is based on greed and vanity

The ones who make decisions are the ones who make the laws

But you're still in this society

So what's your main priority

Remain in the majority who never really cared?

Or cultivate the hate to annihilate the state

****Are you prepared to die for your beliefs or just to dye your hair?****

The anarchist, the nihilist but can you prove that you exist

To apopulation who insist you're just a bunch of fakes

You cannot change the system until you change your own restrictions

Communication and conviction - got to kick until it breaks
This lady is about as cool as AIDS
Omg that second video is so fucking embarrassing, all it shows it two sides of highly uneducated people spitting crappy arguments at each other. Shudder.
The best part was "Don't you put your hands on her!" As the woman is in fact at this point forcefully pressing herself against him.  

I would have gone to jail that day and possibly beat to death by a mob.
Can anyone please explain to me exactly what the hell is going on at that school?  Why is everyone so pissed?  Are they being reasonable about being upset and just displaying it in an unreasonable fashion or is the whole situation unreasonable?
Method: 

i) Have some sort of sit in to bring attention at a local and maybe national level to our just cause. 

ii) Have protesters defend those who are brave enough to participate the sit in. 

This is where it gets hard 

iii) Deny media access....? Because we forgot about step i). This is despite having a communications professor who should be an expert in transmitting messages......

iv) Mob mentality lol 



Results: 

i) International recognition of how we are denying a citizen their constitutional rights. 

ii) Pretty much anyone not at the local level have no idea why we are protesting. 
I still don't understand why they wouldn't want the press there. What's the logic behind that?
The Rise of Political Clickbait...like this "mini-documentary"
The lies in the comments section don't matter. Only REAL news outlets like Buzzfeed will provide the truth! 
You gave them too much leeway when you let gays get married.
Awesome video. As a college student it is hard to tell who is right and wrong during protests/disagreements such as these because people use emotion rather than reason. Its nice to finally see something that isn't politically labeled and makes some sense. 
Has anyone explained why the protesters didn't want journalists there?  It seems pretty shady that they didn't want a record of what they were doing.  After decades of the cops trying to stop bystanders from videotaping them beating, I mean arresting, a "suspect" you'd think most of us would be too embarrassed to try to use muscle to prevent a journalist from doing his or her job.
Is it just me, or are our educated young adults not receiving decent education? Everything that happens around you, In and out of the classroom, is a learning experience. As young adults we look towards the older generation to see the right things to do. How can functioning members of faculty think they can act without law and then teach their students the very same law? If the involved professors expect to gain respect of their students, how can they so blatantly be hypocrites? Tsk tsk, the professor at the end should be ashamed.
"You lost this one bro, you lost this one bro, you lost this one bro" - Standard call of a ignorant thug 
"You the one jump."
Link to the viral video?
I feel a little guilty that I kind of want Trump to win the election just to piss these PC police off. I feel like they would only have themselves to blame. I think they take this thing so far the nation has a reaction in the opposite direction that brings us a candidate like Trump. I just wish these people could see that they are just as insane as Trump but on the opposite side. Moderates unite. 
The real tragedy in all this is in the realization that a generation of what is supposed to be our best and brightest young people are so ignorant of America's civil laws / rights. These professors of a PUBLIC STATE school that are supposed to be leading and teaching the right of dissenting opinions to be heard and a tolerance of differences are brainwashing our kids to be nothing more than followers of mob power based on pure emotions and whim not thought and rigorously developed / challenged intellect. Disgusting.﻿
It's ironic.  This is a video that criticizes "Political Clickbait" yet it is, itself, "Political Clickbait" in the sense that it defines the term to mean any media that serves to promote a specific agenda with a blatant disregard to rational discourse that may discredit its own argument.

The argument was designed to point out the faults in the protesters without even enumerating the tenants of the protests let alone its merits.  It is a blatant attack on the credibility of the protesters  to engender support for their opposition.

The video does not attempt to discredit the strongest (or any) argument against its thesis, and is therefore a straw man, in the most technical sense.






What are they not wanting to be documented/photographed?  Maybe I'm just too much of an old man now...

College protests are the best way to make me disagree with a point. More often than not, they seem to consist primarily of loud shouting and bullying. I don't even know what (these particular individuals) are protesting about, and I already hate them.
   You're dealing with entitled children who've been miseducated their entire lives by super liberal "educators".  Liberals hate freedom of speech unless they agree with with what's being said.  Kids and leftists are vile, mean and destructive while the whole time pointing their fingers at everyone else. Blaming everyone else. Mob mentality is merely a lame excuse for no sense of personal responsibility.  
   I didn't watch more than 2 minutes of the video, fairly predictable. 
 Sadly I'll wager 80% of Redditors fall into a similar demographic. 
I am hopeful, today I realized what the ultra PC culture will lead to.
More freedom! People will either have to take a vow of silence, or it will be a free for all. PC is on life support. Red cups, safe spaces..
It has given us the best South Park season in years. Thanks
I can't watch that without getting frustrated. The protesters' self-righteous anger seems to block their cognitive abilities
I'm worried the student body president lied about being called the n-word on campus in order to capitalize on the hysteria around race issues going on in Missouri. Either way he certainly has notoriety now.
The attention to this incident is misplaced. Something really important is happening at Missouri and this is what we focus on? Perhaps we have reached what some are calling, "The Liberal Limit."

Check this [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2015/11/11/theres-a-good-reason-protesters-at-the-university-of-missouri-didnt-want-the-media-around) article that provides greater clarity to why students asked for photos not to be taken of their tent area: 

&gt; Certainly, Tai – like any journalist – had a legal right to enter the space, given that it was in a public area. But that shouldn’t be the end of this story. We in the media have something important to learn from this unfortunate exchange. The protesters had a legitimate gripe: The black community distrusts the news media because it has failed to cover black pain fairly

The sanctimonious narrative is the actual tragedy here. If someone asks for privacy, even if they're rude about it, you still have to respect them. If it was a public employee acting in an official capacity in a public place, I wouldn't say this. 
Wow. EXCELLENT PIECE! Thank you! 
Wow, that was quick!

I can't figure out why they don't want media there in the first place. Isn't that the whole point?
Good god. I wonder if this guy has any bias.... This is a documentary? Brutal.      
I wonder how everyone feels about Westboro Baptist Church protesting soldiers' funerals?
The thing is when people are in a group they act like nothing is going to happen because they are in that group and they feel secure about doing whatever they want with out any consequences simply because There's more of them than they are of you but if you separate them not one of them is going to say anything
The guy in the black sweater comes in saying "okay then we will just block you" and laughs with the crowd pisses me off so much. He laughs knowing that he's with the crowd and that everyone is going to be on his side. Mob mentality. 
Interesting recap. But I found it funny how he kept bragging about how he was going leave his opinions out of it, then he proceeded to take shot after shot at the protesters.
My god, not everything recorded is a "viral video". 
I would celebrate the death of nearly everyone in that footage.
Oh boy, the white male knights are out in force again. You all whine and complain about media bias until it's biased against black people and women.

Protesters don't want to be photographed by the biased media? Clearly, they're a mob of liars/idiots/cunts/privileged college students.

Why don't you all go back to red pill and circle jerk over there? Scumbags.
 This shit makes me want to vote Trump. 
[deleted]
Liberal mob. Typical.
Isn't there anywhere on this site that I can go to to escape this crap? 
The guy who made this video cherry picks evidence, then uses it to represent his opinions as facts. What a great "documentary". 

First of all: Dismissing the actions or opinions of someone because they are under 25--as if the fact that their brains are still growing means that they cannot effectively plan or reason--is simply ridiculous.

You could just as easily argue that if someone is 60 years old, then their ability to reason effectively has declined due to a decrease in neuroplasticty. Therefore, anything that a 60 year old says or does is likely to be wrong, because their brain no longer functions at its full capacity...right? 

Or...you could make actual arguments about what people trying to achieve and why, rather than dismissing their opinions and actions based upon their age. 

Secondly: Acting in unison to achieve a common goal is not inherently good or bad. Concluding that any instance where the U of M protesters are acting together is the result of "mob mentality" is facile. You could just as well call it solidarity, unity, etc. 

Furthermore, tacking on footage from other protests where people's passions are inflamed does not prove that people at the U of M protest were acting on the same impulses. 

The filmmaker doesn't establish any such connection by using facts; he just claims that both are the result of "mob mentality", as if stating it makes it so. That would only be a reasonable comparison if he examined the motivation behinds the protesters behaviour in both cases. Actions that appear simliar can be motivated by reason, or be unreasonable, in different contexts. The filmaker's conclusions may ultimately be correct, but has has not provided evidence in this video to support those conclusions. 

The filmmaker tries to make it seem as if there is only one reasonable way of interpreting these events: "Freedom of the press is good; some of the protesters were trying to keep someone from the media from taking pictures; therefore, the protesters are unreasonable idiots".

If you think that this conclusion is valid, try asking yourself a few questions: Why do *you* think the U of M protesters were trying to keep media away from their event? If you're having trouble, try imagining people who are *not* idiots coming to the same conclusions as the protesters, and go from there.  

Obviously different people at the event have a varity of motivations for being there. But can you at least imagine a reality in which there *could* be a good reason to keep media away?
You could still disgree with the protesters reasoning, of course (assuming that you have actually considered it). But have you tried examining *your own* reasoning? 

And the protestors depicted here have goals, in spite of the "documentary film maker" repeatedly saying that they don't. Simply *saying* that they don't have goals, and are acting without respect to reason or facts, doesn't make it so. 

You don't have to agree with their goals, or their behaviour. But the entire premise of the video is that the U of M protesters are behaving irriationally; they don't know what they're doing or why they're doing it, they are just lashing out emotionally. How can you make a claim like that without trying to understand how the protesters think and what they are trying to achieve? 
Smug cloud passing overhead...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPaFKpGaiW0
The first half of the video is very good. The end is excellent. The bit about Tennessee was not necessary. 
Thought it was 'cute' to reference the development of the brain... I'd highly support that the protesters were out of line, but it is a under the belt shot to say their brains are underdeveloped until they turn 25.  No idea the age of the video producer, but i imagine someone could poke holes in his macro data on his intelligence/wisdom for whatever.  It's low hanging fruit and sort of shitty when posting a video like this.

Other than that, thought he had some valid points and obviously the protester's were acting like fools.  Sort of interesting that they are in college/uni and having little to grasp on reality.... i guess if the prof is encouraging it?  dunno, can't imagine the people protesting in this video are going to be successful in lives after their 'education'.  who knows.
The mob mentality is strong in the Military. 
I don't want people to take my pictures or videos when I protest. People ought to have a right to not be recorded.
Gotta call bullshit on the first amendment argument. Photog wasn't arrested. Some people didn't want their picture taken. Tough titty.

If I went to a kindergarten playground with a telephoto camera, I don't think anyone would bitch about a crowd not letting me take pictures. Not a first amendment issue.
Hey Look!

Somebody just created some 'Political Clickbait' decrying the creation of 'Political Clickbait'.
tl;dr People in mobs make dumb decisions, media outlets pander to controversial issues for profit.  For some reason I thought this would be insightful.
Good video, but he went full retard by citing the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (which carries no legal weight whatsoever) instead of the United States Constitution.
It annoys me how some white people always seem to take every instance that show black people acting in an unreasonable manner as a knock on the overriding civil rights movement 
"Give bombs a chance." lol
A mini-documentary? You mean a video editorial?
This was so stupid. 
We need moar colleges and moar liberals in this country.
oh goody this thread again!
Reminds me of the James O'Keefe videos.
this video totally takes a side, the side of the mob that is attacking the activists. the media blockage was set in place to protest the corporate medias portrayal of black and other marginalized activist groups. The corporate media weather its MSNBC or Fox tends to show damage to businesses like rite aid instead of the squalor that many segregated communities have to live in. When ever the working class rises up as one to make there voices heard they are immediately attacked as pompous and told to get back in line and suffer like the rest of us. The makers of this video take the side of the corporate media that so many of you ridicule. these individuals through there activities have made some university officials resign. Those officials, by inactivity or propose, allowed a student culture of ridiculing and harassing minority groups to grow. Let us not forget that this whole thing started in Ferguson. That is were we saw how in 21st century america minority groups are segregated and kept in poverty. In the wake of all that has happened earlier this year the AficanAmerican cultural center was covered in cotton by a couple of white kids. the bourgeois plutocrats that control media also control reddit now. Therefore they control all your angry voices. This is classic misdirection perpetrated by the ruling class. Don't let yourselves be food by the believers in the establishment such as the makers of this video!
I get what you are saying, but it wasn't like they were blocking off the entire campus. The students, and professors, blocked off a **small** space so they could feel safe. 

I don't think its out of the question to take a small portion of a massive campus and use it for rehabilitation for a stressful time. 

The reporter could have gone anywhere else on campus and covered the same exact story. If my school was being threatened by violent threats motivated by racial ideas then I would want a similar safe space where I could be with students without having a camera in my face.  
Hey u/semantical they made a video about your opinions and the way you carry yourself. 
We really have gone back to the 60s. We need to throw a few nukes straight up and start all over again.
Scary
Ironically, this video is the epitome of political clickbait in itself. 

Not to say he doesn't have a point. The problem about online political media is that we only wish to reinforce our own beliefs, and thus only click on videos and articles that do exactly that. But to illustrate this, he uses a video about a single incident within a much larger protest, which is already widely proliferated, as he points out himself. What's the point? All he is doing is singling out the worst aspect of the event to make a generalisation about all protesters, just like all the media outlets he decries.  

And as for the 'herd mentality', well, for better or worse that's *the whole point* of demonstrations. It's about standing in unison behind a cause. It's about mass action. If everyone just marched in separate directions and shouted different slogans, it would be a shitty demonstration. 


 

Kind of lost me at the Iraq war protesting part. Screaming at each other shows more composure than blowing each other up. 
We all say the disgusting video with our own eyes and witnessed the hypocrisy and mob mentality of idiots firsthand...why do I need this guy to explain what was already painfully obvious? 
I'm sorry, but I think he should have pulled a gun a fired a couple of rounds in the air, to clear all the morons out. Anyone menacing him after that is fair game.
So when do they start looting and setting fire to everything? Anyone seeing a trend here.
Am I the only one thinking this "documentary" is ridiculous?

Seriously, when he started speaking about vertical video it lost instantly all credibility. And those random subtitles on the guy trying to intimidate the photographer? Seriously ?

And then it goes on quoting one liner from studies...

Everything he says is true but totally useless in information. I mean come on, you don't need a study to know that a group of students can do stupid shit. It has been like this for centuries probably. 

This is just a video from someone surfing on the hype about these protest and hammering facts we all know about.

There is absolutely nothing investigative in this video. And nothing scientific either because of some out of context quotes of scientific studies.
Criminal, from start to finish.

St. Augustine tells the story of a pirate captured by Alexander the Great. The Emperor angrily demanded of him, "How dare you molest the seas?"   
To which the pirate replied, "How dare you molest the whole world? Because I do it with a small boat, I am called a pirate and a thief.   
You, with a great navy, molest the world and are called an emperor."
edit: more stuff
Bush and Cheney will never be tried for war crimes because The Hague is only for poor countries. Once you pay attention it's easy to see why so many people hate America
This is the best documentary I have ever seen. I watch a lot of docs and god damn this one was good. 
L Paul Bremer's 3 policies don't make sense, can anyone please explain or link to something that gives the Bush admnistration rationale for taking this route please.

* Stopping the formation of an interim Iraq Government 
* [De-Ba’athification](https://youtu.be/HmXEIQ80oVQ?t=41m10s)
* [Disbanding the Iraq Military and Inteligence Services](https://youtu.be/HmXEIQ80oVQ?t=43m15s)

A follow up Link: Vox's Video [Syria's War:Who's Fighting Who] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKb9GVU8bHE)
I recently made video online that shows all the terror attacks since 1980's until last Friday. It's a map and a time-lapse of nearly ever attack, It's very relvent for this video.

https://youtu.be/wQJshxuF9zA
It is amazing just how clueless and unprepared the Bush administration was going into Iraq. From Bush to Cheney. From Rumsfeld to Paul Bremer. No understanding of the middle east, and no military experience. 
I remember seeing this on Netflix a few years back, very informative doc. Any Americans who want to know exactly why we failed so horribly in Iraq, WATCH THIS
I remember this pissed me off the first time I saw it.  I guess I shouldn't be surprised, but I found myself grinding my teeth watching it again tonight.  As an American, all I can say is sorry.  Well, I'll say one more thing.  Fuck those assholes; Bush, Cheney, Wolfowitz, Bremer, Rumsfeld, fuck them all.  They deserve to go down in history as the most useless assholes this country ever put in power.
Watching this just makes my blood boil. 
This made my blood boil. So much ineptitude it's so sad.
When we stopped paying off the Iraqi insurgence, thats when ISIL formed.  
A well-made &amp; depressing documentary. 
Can anyone recommend any material to follow up this documentary, covering any of the time between the Iraqi election up til now?
this makes me mad
Agreed that Europeans see protest as a viable way to get what they want where Americans like to think of protest as ugly. But I think that will fade -- like so many ugly features of American political life -- with the passing of the boomers, who, after being defeated by cynicism/assassinations embraced the "I got mine" ethos of the Reagan years. .... We've basically had 6 consecutive Reagan administrations, and we're gonna get one more (Clinton) before all the conventional boomer "wisdom" -- trickle down economics, Cold War foreign policy , etc -- is replaced with an as yet well defined ethos born out of the 911/internet generation. 
Well, dear americans, this is what you elected and keep electing - absolutely moronic politicians.
I think it's no secret that Bush Jr. and his cabinet are war criminals, responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of civilians. But it's good to see more and more concise explanations of exactly *how* and *why*.


But alas, Kim Kardashian's ass captures America's attention and nothing will ever be done about it.

I need to read /r/UpliftingNews while watching this.
Shout out to Charles Ferguson, who's been making killer docs about some of the most complex yet consequential world events of our time. This picture was nominated for an Oscar, and he later won for [Inside Job](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1645089/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1), which is also worth seeing.
Machiavellian thought also predicted the rise of isis. It's happened a lot this past century 
Which is a racket and since the beginning this has all been about Israel's agenda.
L Paul Bremer's 3 policies doesn't make sense, can anyone please explain or link to something that gives the Bush admnistration rationale for taking this route please.

* Stopping the formation of an interim Iraq Government 
* [De-Ba’athification](https://youtu.be/HmXEIQ80oVQ?t=41m10s)
* [Disbanding the Iraq Military and Inteligence Services](https://youtu.be/HmXEIQ80oVQ?t=43m15s)

The actual real life prediction occurs at [1:31.54] (https://youtu.be/HmXEIQ80oVQ?t=5516). It is exactly spot on regarding what happened, and while it was relatively obvious in 2007 still surprisingly poignant.  
Someone has linked to this knowledge in just 6 years?
Someone has linked to this knowledge in just 6 years?
This clusterfuck created a terrorist breeding ground.  
  
It is my hope that the US never tries to "free" my country.
wow, it's really hard to believe anything [L. Paul Bremer says](https://youtu.be/HmXEIQ80oVQ?t=42m9s)
The shear incompetence, willful ignorance and intentional redirection of focus is both infuriating and despairing. And none of those responsible are held to account with all that blood on their souls. 

It was difficult to keep dry eyes watching this.
What an incredibly gut-wrenching documentary. How incredibly incompetent and ignorant the bush-administration was in this regard is beyond comprehension.
Thanks for sharing.
Very infuriating to watch. Wow. 
K
That was a **spectacular** fuckup. Seriously, that's bloody impressive how bad they fucked up.
This doc did not predict isis in iraq. 

[Declaration of an Islamic state in Iraq: 13 October 2006](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_State_of_Iraq_and_the_Levant)


The Iraq war was on a positive trajectory from 2007 onwards until the withdrawal. The debate within the community of historians that studies this part of the war is not whether Iraq got better at this point but why, and how much of that progress can be attributed to the Anbar Awakening, the Surge, and the synergy between the two.  

Bear in mind when going through any content about a war that is still in progress that things are not linear, and in this case, the documentary was produced the very same year Iraq would begin to experience an 85% decrease in sectarian deaths, the loss of ground and political influence by extremist organizations on both sides of the ethnic divide, and the Iraqi parliament was finally passing legislation crucial to getting the new government off the ground after the Sunnis were brought back into the fold. 
Wasn't ISIS around in 2003 before this was made? Or is this documentary stating that a group, any group, will likely rise up in the region and seize significant power?
Utter failures as human beings.
More barack's fault than Bush's
I read this book, http://www.amazon.com/Combat-Swimmer-Memoirs-Navy-SEAL/dp/0451230140, which was written pre 9/11 (by about 5 years). The author was on Seal Team 1, the original badasses that started it all in Vietnam. In his book he predicts that the biggest challenges the world will face in the coming years are drugs and radical Islam. 
What is happening now in this world is no surprise, it is the plan. 
Just remember this when everyone starts crying for boots on the ground in Syria.  
But I doubt anyone will.  
Woowee! look at this video of bombs and planes and shit!
Ah this is what having zionists in charge of your government gets you.
The Democratic-led Senate voted 77-23 for a war powers resolution negotiated between the White House and congressional leaders backing a use a force in Iraq.



Does the documentary forecast that a massive buffoon would elected president in 2008 and for a reason that no one to this day understands pulls the troops out Iraq to win re-election allowing for the rise of Isis?  Then a day before the Paris attacks refers to Isis as contained?

Machiavellian thought also predicted the rise of isis. It's happened a lot this past century 
Sometimes even when you pull out too early you still birth something ugly. 
Predict?  Look up PNAC's report:
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/pdf/RebuildingAmericasDefenses.pdf

From the beginning this has all been about Israel's agenda.
i find it hilarious they they have no qualms blowing themselves up. how you ever gonna win a battle like that? farking iggits. 
Folks, widespread terrorism goes back hundreds of years. Muslims killed non converts from Christianity in Iran and all over the middle east going back centuries. Still blaming Bush are we?  **Geez! Why not go all the way back to IKE and the UN for creating the Jewish state of Israel which is the crux of almost all modern day Muslim anger?**

The fact is, that weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, and the idea that Iraq was ignoring inspection conditions from the cease fire from the 1991 war of have been a concern since 1998. Clinton and his administration actually talks about it. (see youtube for proof). Iraqi generals ADMIT to moving weapons to Syria *where they have been used with impunity*.

While in hindsight, removing dictators that kept tribal mentalities in line may have been a mistake, our involvement in the middle east goes back 70 years. Each president is responsible for his own actions AND failures.  Even yesterday, this president could not face facts that his "JV" assertions about ISIS (and lack of action against them) has led DIRECTLY to their rise. 

The fact that so many liberals choose to ignore is that Obama, against the advice of military leaders, *announced our plans to leave Iraq and Afghanistan which gave the enemy the foundation for their strategy*. His lack of leadership, wishy-washy changes in strategy, and his worldwide apology tour touting his admiration for Muslims and equivocation of our great nation with third world countries has emboldened the enemies of civilization.

Folks, I know you hate conservatives, but when will this president EVER take responsibility for ANY failures of U.S. policy?

I know...NEVER.

quick specific question: Why were they rioting/looting? It just says it began when US troops got there, but why is it the US government's fault that for Iraq's own population destroyed their own stuff?  Yeah, they could have declared martial law and the military could have policed people.  sure that was the right thing to do.  but I just feel it's strange that Iraqis in this video are outraged that the US didn't stop the looting when it was Iraqis that were doing all of it.
Brought to you by the producers of 9-11
If this becomes more widely known, 100% it will become one of those things that people will go around self-diagnosing themselves with, in the same way that every high school kid thinks its cute to have "OCD". Calling it now. Only saying that because everyone gets irritated by noises sometimes.

4D
Hi everyone, I'm the director of "Quiet Please..." and I've had misophonia for 48 years, since I was 7 when a kid in the classroom was sniffling during a test.  This might sound like a ridiculous condition, but it's real and it takes a toll on a person and those around them.  This trailer doesn't contain 1/10 of what I've shot for the actual film in the past 4 months...the world is going to be blown away at what goes on behind closed doors.  
I have this and my family doesn't take me seriously. 

No offense to my dad but he's Indian and for whatever reason he makes the most loud, horrible eating noises at dinner. It has reduced me to tears more than once. I now sit further away from him and it helps, but I have to actually plug my ear with my off hand while eating or I have to leave. 

My mom thinks it's a total joke and that I need to just toughen up and get over it. 
Any kind of open-mouthed chewing or slurping and I feel my anxiety increasing while my face flushes, and I've stormed out of rooms in a rage because of it. I imitate people making repetitive noises like clicking their pen without realizing. I've found myself pointing at people and telling them to stop making noises - not a quick way to make friends.

I guess I'm glad I'm not as bad as the people that want to off themselves. Yeesh.
Wow.. Here I just thought I was just being a horrible person.  I've tried to explain this to people but never knew it was a "thing".
Very interesting topic, but a pretty weak trailer.  I hope the doc is a good one, as I've never seen one on this subject before.
Haven't had a good sleep in 10 years do to my parents snoring, haven't eaten dinner with my family either because *every single one of them* breathes like they've just finished a marathon while eating, not to mention the hellish noises of their chewing.

Can't watch movies with people if they're eating popcorn, unless they're special and try not to make noise.

Fuckin hate misophonia.
Sitting right now next to a woman who cannot sit still, keeps smacking her lips, and picking her teeth. If you hear of a homocide on a train in Melbourne today, you know why.
Mine is weird mouth noises.  I'm training a woman at work right now who smacks when she's not even chewing gum, and when she talks and uses a 'K' sound, it's like she has chocolate in her mouth. It infuriates me!  I'll be glad when this is over.  
My mom has that. Oh, the sheer number of times we got in trouble for eating cereal...
The guy in the next cubicle over sometimes during lunch heavily mouth breaths while making lots sloppy tongue on roof of mouth noises and watching football broadcasts on his phone and not wearing headphones and it drives me insane.

Also my brother would watch me play games and pick his teeth and the gummy clicking noise. Or he'd eat and I could hear him sloshing around the chewed food in the back of his mouth with his tongue and I'm like dear god just swallow it.

Fuck everyone and their noises. 
As I watch this my cubicle mate is smacking and chomping on his food like a GOD DAMN COW CHEWING CUD.
I was interviewed for this last month. Jeff, the director, is a very understanding guy and it was a far less frightening experience being filmed than I thought. I was surprised how easy it was to answer the questions I was asked, and even to let myself get visibly angry and sad when recalling bad memories from growing up with misophonia. I don't know what bits, if any, he'll use in the finished product, but I was honored to be a part of it and can't wait to see it once it's done. Awareness of misophonia is very important, especially for younger generations whose families might not understand their behavior. No kid should grow up feeling like even their parents see them as broken and embarrassing. 
I sat next to a girl in high-school with this issue. I have terrible unmediated ADHD i thought she might stab me with her pencil. 
I used to work with a guy years ago that was introverted, polite, had a really good sense of humor and was just generally pleasant.

One of our jobs working as baggers in a grocery store was to gather supplies as they were delivered and take them to their respective departments.

Scott would always handle the big bags of Styrofoam trays gently. I paid it no mind until one day I grabbed one, the trays squeaked against each other and his shoulders decided to become best friends with his ears. His eyes were tightly closed, teeth were bared and the muscles on the sides of his neck were taut.

I asked him what was wrong and he told me that he absolutely couldn't stand that sound. Being 17, I said, "Like this?"

As I squeezed the trays together over and over, I went from giggling at someone else's discomfort to fearing for my life. His emotional state changed in a matter of seconds. I actually started to wonder whether or not I could outrun him, it was that bad.

For over 30 years, I've been subconsciously respectful of a syndrome that I didn't even know about.

However, I now work with a whole new batch of people who aren't anything like Scott. Scott was a likable guy. I recall hearing some of the assholes at work occasionally mentioning certain sounds they can't stand. I wonder if there's a connection. Maybe they have misophonia and just have no idea what it is.
I might have have this. Something about the filling up a cup that is way too loud in a movie makes me absurdly angry. That and people eating. Primarily cereal. The slurping and crunching will be the end of me. 
This really sounds like the opposite of ASMR to me.  Seriously.  I think understanding one phenomena, from a neurological point of view, might help understand the other.
CAN'T YOU PEOPLE TYPE QUIETER!! 😭
There are sounds that a lot of people hate, like nails on a chalkboard or a silverware scraping a plate. Personally I hate the sound certain fabric (synthetic ones usually) makes when it rubs, like a high pitch rubbing that actually makes me cringe. 

But I've never heard people getting irrationally upset over it. Is the condition more of an issue with the person's "emotional control"? Or is how they perceive the sounds? I'm confused as to how something irritating (like chewing loudly) would lead to such drastic reactions.
My stepdaughter has this.  She can't be in the same room with someone eating chips/crisps.  I'm like "I didn't invent the fucking things...  I'm just consuming them in the typical way one does."  lol
TIL I have Misophonia.
I want to strangle people when I hear the sound of pouring like in those beer commercials. And that new NPR underwriter announcer. It drives me insane to hear her speak. I have to switch the station every time I hear her voice.   
Whistling.

Whistling should be punishable by death.
That horrible trailer made me intensely upset. How are you not going to show any freak outs in the trailer!!
My ex had misophonia.  I hope they find a cure - it's really hard to live with both for the person who has it, and the people around them. 
My brother can't stand anyone eating near him, especially me, even if my mouth is closed. Says rude ass shit to you the whole time you eat unless you get away from him or he can get away from you. I wonder if he has it or is just a dick lol 
I lived with a friend who may have suffered from this. We had to turn the know to open doors and not release the handle until it was able to latch. If the door clicked that dude was going to loose it for sure. 
He also Indiana Jones-ed the cordless phone dock, by swinging it over is head in circles and beating it to death on the linoleum because the phone was ringing, and it wasn't put back properly. Wild dude. 
Thanks for posting this trailer! I've been following blogs regarding this for years. I'm a 37yr old male and lived with this since my early teen years. Sure there's rage, to the point of drowning someone with their water bottle because of the way they swallow, how about raging at the TV/Movie for individuals using the words Fantastic or Absolutely way to much, or that coworker that sits behind me slurping their cereal every morning and chewing with their mouth open like clockwork.

Just some of the triggers I've got, and dealt with them. I don't let it get the best of me and I'll usually remove myself from the situation by wearing headphones with white noise or just go for a stroll. 

But it definitely effects my life negatively and my wife is great and understanding. I hope this does become a "thing" and people like me are able to get treatment. 
FFS. It isn't ***RANDOM*** noises, it is specific noises.
This is anti-ASMR.
Damn, I might have this. I'm normally a really laid back easy going guy but certain things are just fucking intolerable to me. 

People chewing with mouth open/smacking/glugging drinks.  Not so much like watching gross-out humor, no problem, but sitting at dinner with someone that just sounds like they've got their face in the place with no respect for others just sets me off.

People stomping around on their heels when they know damned well there are down stairs neighbors. It just seems so damned rude, obnoxious, and low class.  I just want to scream in their face "HAVE SOME FUCKING CLASS YOU PIECE OF SHIT!!".  And that's totally not like me at all. 

I have a baby coming in a month so I'm going to have to get over it I guess but I suspect the real issue isn't the act, but grown adults doing it because they value other people less that the simple act of not doing it. They know damned well it's lazy, rude, and obnoxious but they make a conscious decision to say "Fuuuuck everyone. Except me."  THAT is the root of my anger.

If I hear little kids running around upstairs I just laugh and turn up my tv, but hearing adults just heel stomping 24x7 makes me want to do violence.
I have this too, mostly with eating noises... Especially crunchy food. My arms are covered in scars from pushing my nails in so hard to deal with the aggression these sounds induce in me, I'd much rather let it out by harming myself than hurting someone else. I always carry some earplugs with me to make it more manageable.
My 11 year old step son has this. And he too felt relief  when he found out it had a name. We can't really do family dinners. At first they tried to still sit down for dinners to maintain some "normalcy" but watching him squirm in agony, I soon put a stop to that. We let him eat when he wants and try to put background noise on, which seems to help with blocking out some of his trigger noises (chewing and lip smacking). His doctor was very skeptical when my husband tried getting some resources for this disorder. He didn't seem to think it was actually a thing. This infuriated me.  It's still a struggle and we still are trying to find some sort of occupational therapy that may help him. I don't want to send him out in the wide world without tools to help him cope. So happy to see a documentary about this!!
There may be a genetic basis for this:

&gt;Unusual as it sounds, misophonia is more common than one would imagine. In an internal study of about 80,000 customers who have consented to research on the subject, 23andMe researchers found that about 20 percent said they were “filled with rage” by the sound of others eating. The researchers also found that the condition was more commonly reported by women than men.

&gt;And the study identified a specific variant associated with misophonia among people of European ancestry. The variant, rs2937573, is near the gene TENM2, which plays a role in brain development.

[Read more at 23andMe] (http://blog.23andme.com/23andme-research/something-to-chew-on/#VfysLYQyAWtqcZSh.99)
My wife has this. It causes tension/arguments daily. It gets worse all the time.
I used to get so mad at my dad for doing this thing with his mouth. He was trying to stretch it out bc he had a surgery that messed it up or something, so he would constantly being taking his thumb and fore finger and rubbing his mouth with them. I would mimic him and make noises and finally tell him to stop. Also popcorn eating would infuriate me.

I'm elementary school I say next to this girl that had a breathing problem, something to do with her nostrils. Anywyas, id have to sit next to her and I would go insane. Id want to cry. I didn't understand why I felt that way. I never said anything to the teacher, I just say there in agony.

I still get this way sometimes, especially when people eat chips or eat loudly. But I just ignore it best I can and put all my focus on what I'm doing. I'll still have to get up and leave sometimes but it's not as intense as it used to be.

I try to explain this to people and they think I'm making shit up. I told my ex gf about it and she just dismissed it and kept doing the thing that was annoying me. She got so defensive about me telling her she was eating too loud and that I might have to leave the room. I just wanted her to be aware of how I felt. I broke up with her, she was heartless in many other ways too.
Slurping, loud chewing, lip smacking, clicking, snoring, music, tapping noises, nail clipping, and others all make my life a living hell. I can't drown out the noises most of the time, so I sit in pure rage or run away from the noises. My life is miserable
So I have a question for my fellow sufferers out there. Many of us myself included specifically identify noises having to do with eating as a major trigger. As a child this is where my misophonia began. Any speculation as to why this is?
Wow, I never knew this was an actual condition. Interesting.

I've always flown off the handle at one sound in particular, for as long as I can remember: the sound of people kissing. It doesn't just annoy me, it makes me fucking *angry*. I'm not talking "hey, cut that out, it's annoying," angry. No, I mean red-faced, heart-pounding, URGE TO THROTTLE THE FUCKING LIFE OUT OF SOMEONE angry.

That wet, sucking, smacking sound makes me want to punch a hole in the wall, and it's not just limited to people making out and shit. I've been visiting family and had my grandmother kiss my little nephew's head, him being a cute little baby and all, and it didn't matter -- I *still* got so pissed off at that sound that I slammed my fists on the counter and grit my teeth like I was in pain, and everyone stopped and stared at me.

I mean, I don't want to be one of those "I saw this thing on the internet, therefore I have it now" people, but flying off the handle over an innocuous sound sure describes it pretty well. Just thinking about it now I can feel my heart beating faster. I fucking *hate* that sound.
My entire life I've felt the rage that is misophonia. While my trigger list is relatively short, my reaction to the triggers are fight or flight. My blood boils. I get enraged. From repeated nose sniffles to smacking lips to slurping. 

One time that stands out: eating lunch next to co-worker whom I adored. She started eating an apple in the most disgusting way.  Super juicy apple. Slurping, crunching, open mouth chewing. My own personal hell. My lunch time wasn't up and I had no place to flee to. I went from polite and normal to I want to punch her in her fucking face repeatedly. I felt my face flush. I had to focus on my breathing as to not actually punch her in her stupid fucking face. I could have bawled my eyes out. As soon as I removed myself from the situation, the anger drained away. I felt embarrassed. I knew she could feel the heat of hate coming off me. 

My spouse thinks its a joke. He recently asked my mother if I've always been weird with sounds. She didn't hesitate to say, "ohhhhh yeah." 

It is so upsetting. I wish there were more things out there to make us less sensitive to triggers. I'm just glad I'm not alone. I thought I just had anger issues but just very specific anger issues. Ha. 

Can I just say how much I appreciate the director of this video for just visually referencing the trigger sounds and not obnoxiously causing those of us who do suffer  to hear that shit. Kudos to you, sir. I thank you. 
Is there something like this, but for slow walkers? It would feel so relieving to just slit one of these fuckers throats when they're blocking the sidewalk. Just typing that sentence makes me feel better.
Correct me if I'm wrong but this condition is not recognized in the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM).  So you really can't be truly diagnosed with misophobia.

&amp;nbsp;

I have said that I have Trypophobia but again it's not a recognized condition so it's not something you can be diagnosed with.
The only noise that really bothers me is chewing with your mouth open. Drives me nuts. I absolutely hate [this commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njfp02JTzzY). 
Other videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3rnwxf?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Louis CK : Of Course But Maybe - Oh My God (HD)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=KFwBH2fb2E0)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rnwxf/_/cwqa3bp?context=10#cwqa3bp) -  
[ICE BREAKERS COOL BLASTS Night Out](https://youtube.com/watch?v=njfp02JTzzY)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rnwxf/_/cwpwxii?context=10#cwpwxii) - The only noise that really bothers me is chewing with your mouth open. Drives me nuts. I absolutely hate this commercial.  
[WILL SOMEBODY ANSWER THAT DAMN PHONE!(Seinfeld)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=J1l4JaX19vc)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rnwxf/_/cwq7ow9?context=10#cwq7ow9) - UNCLE LEO!  
[STFU - Dennis Leary](https://youtube.com/watch?v=oAVoQfoU0dQ)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3rnwxf/_/cwq6vrw?context=10#cwq6vrw) - Relevant:   
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
I wonder how much chiptunes trigger this.  
I hate noise, hate humans, i'm intolerant and i'm grouchy, maybe I have misophonia?
Every time I hear shit music I am filled with rage.
So are ear plugs not an option these people have thought about? If sounds made me feel the way the people in the documentary, I would try and get some good noise canceling earphones. 
A film about people who get irrationally annoyed at noise edited with irrational annoying noises.
Mother of three and a photographer....so every homemaker...
Crosspost to /r/asmr for [unintentional] triggers.
I'm so glad to stumble upon this. Ever since I was a kid I'd freak out about noises, and assuming it was a threat, and that person was doing it on purpose. I still have problems today and never understood it. I just assumed I'm crazy or something. 
I might bring it up next Doc visit. Do you know any specific medication to help?
I think everybody is going to think they have this now.  My roommate is from Korea, and I don't know if it is custom there to slurp food...but she slurps soup, water, and anything liquid all the time--a wet and intolerable noise that I absolutely cannot stand.  She also sniffs and wetly sucks in her nose contents every 5 minutes or so because I think she has allergies...I almost can't bare it...I have to leave the room when she makes these noises because I feel like I'll explode one day and she'll think I'm a complete and utter bitch.
My wife "has this" I've seen her get pretty bent outta shape about chip bags and people chewing loud. I asked her how she felt about this docudrama. She says people's noises are really annoying, but that last thing she'd do is have a pity party about it.
Damn. I guess none of these guys should join us over at /r/asmr...
Is this related to ASMR, but without the tingles and relaxation?
Its hard to take it seriously when every response in the video is followed by a super annoying bass drum kick. Anyone else irritated by that?
Has anyone considered a link between this and various forms of autism?  There seems to be some overlap in comorbid symptoms regarding sensory hypersensitivity.
It seems like the condition is only triggered by other people. Maybe you could record yourself making those noises with a video and watch and listen to it to desensitize yourself?
I'm just wondering how there seems to be SO MANY people in this thread who have this? I understand getting upset at people's bad manners and not liking certain noises. But it's hard to believe that like 50+ people all in this one thread have MisoP. 
Has anyone with this disorder tried to drop some LSD/psychedelics and see if it helps? I think I'd try anything, this sounds annoying as fuck.
This is interesting.

People chewing makes me very angry, uncomfortable and I will often leave quickly before I snap.  This is coming from a mild mannered person with very rare acts of rage or anger.

Before my grandfather died, he basically couldnt tell what he was doing and his chewing was horrid.  The last couple of years I couldnt go out to eat with my family.  It would make me so angry, it would make me sick.
this would suck, so bad!

I wonder if there is anything in the epigenetics field that can help relieve some of the trigger symptoms

Is it the same sounds for everyone with misophonia, or do the triggers differ from person to person? 
Please understand that misophonia is NOT just a disorder about sloppy eating noises and bad manners.  Trigger noises include things that are normal everyday noises to most of the world, yet trigger fight or flight responses and enormous rage to someone who suffers from this.  For instance, the sound of a video game controller clicking, the sound of a plastic bottle deflating (ie when someone is drinking bottled water), the sound of a spoon clinking against a bowl, the sound of someone on the other side of a wall talking on a cell phone.  The list goes on and on.  These are not noises made by ill mannered people.  Sometimes chewing noises can be triggers even if the person is making an effort to chew as quietly as possible.   And I think the other thing that really distinguishes misophonia from someone who is just annoyed by eating noises is the effect on the person's life.  Those with true misophonia can easily point to ways in which their everyday life is affected and altered by this disorder.  Those who are merely annoyed might be temporarily aggravated by a noise, but it does not affect the way they live their lives.
I've had this since I was a little kid. I would eat my breakfast on the back porch because my siblings would eat loudly 
ITT: Misophonia becomes the most self diagnosed condition on reddit. 
In this thread: people self-diagnosing with misophonia because nobody likes hearing people chew with their mouth open.
I must have this condition. My weirdest rage noise on top:
-Brittney Spear's voice. I've left shops and got of busses to get away. To me, it's like the sound of a fork on a plate. I don't dare tell anyone for fear they might start playing her songs 'for fun'.
-Same thing with a specific weather man on TV when I was younger. 
-Certain songs have these repeating high pitch 'beats' which I simply can't manage to listen to.
-Anything rattling in my car. I will press, squeeze, bump, hit, stop the car and rummage around to find it. I once had an old car with a rattling noise I could not locate for a long time. In the end, I borrowed a drill from a garage, drilled a huge hole in the support between the back window and rear window, and with a magnet, hauled out a loose 4cm piece of metal that had been 'lying around'. Till this day, I remember the sense of accomplishment and relief. 
-That chewing/tongue smacking sound when a person is not even eating, sound like they are chewing gum when they aren't even doing it. I stopped car sharing because one of the guys in the group kept doing that!
And lots of other minor things, but I am luckily able to control them to a high degree. 
[Serious] Can someone ELI5 why so many people claim to have this when it's rarely diagnosed *and* not classified as an actual disorder? Is it just people being ornery?
Lets see: Chewing noises, keyboard typing, coughing, sneezing, hammering, squeeking, barking dogs.. check.

The weird thing is I get awesome asmur feels from repetitive noises as well.
I think my 8 year old has this,  he gets super upset with sounds of people eating with mouths open and even just when they can't help it like when they have to put food in their mouth to chew it.  I used to get irritated because I thought it was nit picking but lately we don't even have dinners a quiet table we pretty much always watch TV now for other sounds and it makes it so much nicer to not have sit down table dinners. 
I can't stand it when people talk and and they make smacking saliva noises, like in the asmr video when people whisper. also, chewing gum. i have had to cancel meetings at work because i saw a person going into tbe meeting and chewing gum. i would give anything for this not.to bother me
Okay.  This makes my husband that much more bearable.  I never understood why he would get so testy at my rattling a chip bag or hitting the keyboard keys to hard or crunching on some celery.  He gets agitated at my frequent multiple sneezes.  He works really hard to control himself but I can see his discomfort.  We used to own a diner and a regular customer would sit in his booth and tap his ring lightly on his coffee cup.  I barely heard it and my husband would abruptly storm back to the kitchen.  20 years and its finally named.  All these years I've been telling him he's a freak and tiptoeing around.  Kinda feeling sorry for him now.
The sound of two metals touching makes me want to rip my teeth out, so.. I guess that's what this is?
Can't help but admit I thought [this woman](http://imgur.com/1TGOEFX) sorta looked like [Amy](http://imgur.com/nGhGmR0) from Amy's Baking Company.

*shiver*
I have Misophonia from my anxiety. 
I have this. It actually causes a lot of tension between my SO and I because she has the habit of picking the skin around her fingernails. The quiet "tic tic tic" noise it makes drives me INSANE! She also coughs a lot in the morning. I have to remove myself from the room or else I'll sit there silently bottling up my rage from the sound.  

Other sounds: my dad makes a weird sound with his tongue when he opens or closes his mouth (would make my blood boil on car rides with him), my step dad's teeth make an especially rage-inducing noise when he eats, loud eaters in general, and the TV being too loud also does it for me. 

Just thinking about the noises from writing this comment has made me angry. 
For me it's when my kids blow raspberries. It makes my skin crawl and it's such an innocent sound for most people. 
I wonder if this explains how pissy I get listening to my husband eat chips or smack his chewing gum.
Hi everyone, I'm the director of "Quiet Please..." and I've had misophonia for 48 years, since I was 7 when a kid in the classroom was sniffling during a test.  This might sound like a ridiculous condition, but it's real and it takes a toll on a person and those around them.  This trailer doesn't contain 1/10 of what I've shot for the actual film in the past 4 months...the world is going to be blown away at what goes on behind closed doors.  
Is it possible to have a mild case of this with just my dog whining while scratching and the telephone ringing? Because I don't think I have this with other things. 
Oh man. My dad used to hit the ever loving shit out of me for chewing gum too loud or eating dinner too loudly.. I never thought I'd have any kind of issue such as that until I moved in with my most recent roommates. One scrapes the fork with their teeth each time they take a bite of food. The other will chew his nails constantly when watching a show or reading a book. I for one have no idea how he still has nails. 

2016? 
Trailers aren't 8 minutes long.
I'm very skeptical of this. Is there any neurobiological evidence of this? Or is the evidence all just subjective, first-hand reports of how they feel?

One thing to note is that almost everybody gets annoyed at random noises in certain contexts: when trying to read, fall asleep, or focus on some specific task. And there are undoubtedly days and times when we get much more annoyed at these sounds than others. So I'd be interested to know how the researches distinguish between this ordinary frustration and misophonia. 

It would seem that there's a fine line between an irritable cunt and a legitimate sufferer of misophonia, if there is such a thing.
Noise. Cancelling. Headphones. 
The only thing that I can't stand is people grinding/wiping their teeth on a fork. Like biting the fork and sliding their teeth along it when they eat food. Ughhhh that sound
This is one of those 'diseases of affluence'


Yeah, I'm glad I know my personality quirk has a name. I'm a little annoyed that everyone's personality quirks are disorders.

To play both sides of the coin:

Whats different about misophonia and generally not liking sound, is the type of sound and the reaction.  Nails on chalkboard actually don't really bother me, but do bother many others because its a relatively unpleasant sound. Vomiting doesn't bother me, where the sound usually bothers people. 

What bothers me, to the point of cringing physically, covering my ears, or actually, despite my very avid fear of confrontation and conflict,  will bother me to the point of wanting to yell at the person to stop. If they're breathing too loud, I literally have the compulsion to yell at them to die or go to the doctor, because that sound is atrocious. Stranger or not. Teeth sliding on forks, unnecessary loud noises, clicking of high heels, trigger it. 

But I don't actually feel like its ruined me as a person. Its easier to avoid the situation or address it immediately as a, "Can you please stop." The latter for close friends. The whole disorder sympathy thing, despite every damn thing thats wrong with me on so many levels, I feel like people just need to stop fishing for sympathy over some of these things.
I have this and it is not pleasant. It caused many, many arguments when I was younger. The things that set me off are eating noises, gulping or swallowing loudly, teeth clicking while eating, slapping lips or someone vigorously stirring a mug of tea/coffee. It's a visceral reaction that is difficult to control. I do not suffer with it now like I used to because my hearing was damaged in a car accident 12 years ago. Now when I eat I am not able to hear other peoples eating noises so I do not experience these symptoms as often as I did. My Husband is a noisy eater and if he is eating when I am not, which isn't very often, I have to leave the room or just ignore it as best I can until he is finished. I have never kicked off at him about the noise he makes while eating because he isn't doing it on purpose. I just ride out the anxiety until he stops eating, fortunately he is a fast eater.
As someone who's suffered from misophonia since she was eight years old (at least that's the farthest back I can remember reacting to noises in such a way), my main question is this:

is there going to be any sniffing/lip smacking/gum noises in the documentary?

I remember reading an article about misophonia a few weeks ago and it LITERALLY AUTOPLAYED A VIDEO OF A DUDE EATING LOUDLY. Like wtf, whose bright idea was that?
My son has been struggling with this for years.  Only last year did we finally find a name for it and have begun to try to help him.

His particular trigger is mouth noises, specifically people eating, however any noise made with the mouth that isn't speech will get to him. 

The worst part is that when it hits him, he is just instantly filled with this incredible anger.  It's absolutely unreasoning and almost entirely out of his control.  He tells me that he's filled with the desire to hit/hurt the offender.  What he usually does instead is run from the room.

As you can probably imagine, this is really eating up his life.  So much of human life revolves around eating.  Social gatherings especially.  Family get togethers are torture for him.  Car trips are really hard on him and anyone else who has to go long distances without eating so as not to bother him.  Dating, schoool, etc.

It's so new, that we have a hard time getting treatment for him, especially in the small town he lives in.  Just last year we finally took him to the big city hours away and got a professional to confirm our diagnosis.  

It's upsetting.  I don't know how to help him, and don't know what his future will hold.  Will he ever be able to date?  He'll be 17 this year, and he avoids a lot of social contact because of this issue.  

On one hand, I think that if this becomes more widely known, it will be the next cool hipster affliction.  Just like OCD and Bi-polar disorder.  But on the other, I do hope it becomes more widely known, just so that getting treatment won't be so difficult for people like my son.
Loud noises!!
I found out what I had was called "misophonia" here on reddit, after doctors and the rest of the internet led to nothing. My family doesn't eat with me anymore, but our relationship is much better. Also stopped the self-harm and daily thoughts of murder.

Thanks reddit, you may have saved my life &lt;3
TIL there's another disorder I will never understand.
The editing in this trailer was so poor I thought this was a mockumentary. 
[UNCLE LEO!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1l4JaX19vc) 
For those of you who have it, is it a specific type of sound or the way it sounds? 
Oh god, imagine having this and watching Who Framed Roger Rabbit, the movie that is just a whole mess of random, loud, and annoying noises throughout.
What dog breed is that at 4:35 ?
I have to resist the urge to make accommodations because I'm simply too moronic to have thought of doing that, please refrain.
Relevant:

http://youtu.be/oAVoQfoU0dQ
[UNCLE LEO!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1l4JaX19vc) 
Tacky shooshy painjobs on all modern RVs are the visual equivalent for me.
[ ](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/7HoCKlNsolc/hqdefault.jpg)
that final jingle, it's like a Southpark bit, it even sounds like trey parker
The bald guy is wearing a Peanu Keeyes T-shirt!! How awesome. I wonder if Pete Holmes' laugh ever gives him anxiety.
labelling it 2016 upsets me
I suggest [simplynoise.com](simplynoise.com or the app), use the brown noise setting, to overcome most of these distractions while working. 
I am subscribed to GoodMythicalMorning on YT and they did an episode on this where they ate different things close to their mics to "test" the effects of misophonia. Ever since that episode I have a hard time with the sounds on their mics for even swallowing saliva while talking. 
Only the guitar guy DIDN'T have blue eyes. Correlation or just me?
After watching that, it should be called CUNTAMANIA.. Ooooh noises. Get outta here,  enough triggers for overly comfortable first world fucknuts 
I just don't buy it. The entire time I was thinking "oh hey those things annoy me too."

Then I realized I don't have some condition, I'm just not concerned with other peoples tendencies. These people are able to excuse them self from very situation or stop overreacting
Gotta call bullshit on this self-centered disorder.

It's no different from the frustration of someone else flipping channels.  It's lack of control and totally controllable.

Yes, I'm an asshole.
Waited to see a freak-out. Never happened, very disappointed.
I have misophonia and have had it my entire life. The sound of chewing and slurping are my usual triggers. I get so upset by them I almost have to leave the room because I just get completely full of rage. 

I have known I have misophonia since I was about 15. Before that, I would as a kid, constantly ask people around me to chew with their mouths closed. People just thought I was weird and said they could eat how they want when it was extreme torture to me. Once I was watching an episode of Lie to me and the main character takes a bite out of a hamburger as he is interviewing a suspect. I had to mute it till that scene was over. Fucking hell misophonia sucks a fat one.
Strange how it's only middle-upper class people from first world countries who suffer from these bullshit conditions.
Bullshitdiseasia.
I thought this was just called "being a self-centred asshole" 

 It's like a SJW wet dream. A clinical condition to describe ones being triggered by certain words. 

Let the self diagnosis online flood begin! 
There is another name foe this as well, it's called selfishintolerantitis...
I'm getting all skeeved out just thinking about the awful sounds that are sure to be demonstrated in this film.
A girl I work with almost certainly suffers from this. 
Today she stood up and yelled at another employee whose notification sound, a loud digital ding, went off 6 time in under a minute. 
I find it annoying too... but wow. 
People are just going to start justifying their incapability concentrating on things on that just like 140% of kids now have ADHD.
My first world problem is a sensitivity to country-music and my in-laws. They drive me bat-shit-crazy sometimes.

Edit: I changed "made up problem" to "first world problem". Seemed less volatile.
My mom and sister both have had misophonia for quite some time now.  It's almost more annoying for me that they have this, because I literally can't make any noises around them ever.  I need to eat?  Oh, gotta go to the other side of the house so they can't hear me chew (even though I have my mouth closed and all that shit).

My mom used to put earplugs in during family dinners when she was a teenager and hide them with her hair, because nobody in her family believed she had a problem.  Most people don't understand them at all.

But damn is it annoying for the rest of us.
The statement you just can't understand how bad it is if you don't have it, always makes me think. We can't assume to comprehend their lives but they can assume to understand our experience.
I get annoyed by slamming of things (drawers, doors), loud eating, heavy sighing, stomping around, and others. Maybe this is a spectrum disorder.
Ah, "me-so-phoney-a".
lol this is the epitome of first world problems.  
ITT self diagnosing losers who think something's wrong with them, but they're likely just pussy idiots.
Anybody else notice how the chick with the PhD. talks and has mannerisms like Clarice Starling, Jodie Foster, from Silence of the Lambs?

Obviously, she has a more northern accent but the way that she enunciates words and phrases is pretty much spot on. 
The sound of chewing, smacking, gulping liquids or utensils bouncing off teeth out me in a rage.
I think my sister has this.....
Looking this up, I noticed most sufferers are white. Does this disease affect Caucasians only?
Am I the only one that was hoping to see one of them get really upset of one of their triggers on that video?

Just curious about the extent of their rage.
Is there a way to help people suffering from this? How is it diagnosed properly? The girl in the trailer totally got to me, like when she described her relationship with her mother. I kind of feel the same, I don't like going over, she has this way of breathing very loudly and if I come over she always tinkling with her spoon in her bowl and cup of coffee. I don't want to hurt her, I can't even tell her properly what it is. I am currently seeing a therapist for CBT for other non related issues. Is this something I could bring up in a next session of isn't it something that's been able to change through that kind of therapy?
Super boring trailer.
How about alarm beeping in a store? Do the employees not hear that sound? Deep fryer going off??? Turn that shit off!
I've got this, but like some other comments said I'm afraid that in not too long I'll sound like one of those people who just throw around self-diagnoses like OCD. Oh well. At least it's finally getting some attention and maybe it'll get some research like other disorders.
I believe Denis from IASIP has this. That would explain his breakdown on Family Fight
Umm...2016? Is this a documentary from the future?
The word Moriarty does that to me. I hate that word. No reason. 
I saw DBZ: Resurrection F in theaters and was sitting next to a lady who was slurping on a sucker. Every time she sucked on it she made a very quiet but annoying sound. I hate theaters to begin with, but this really ruined the first half of the movie for me (she eventually stopped).

Not saying I have misophonia, just wanted to share it since it seems slightly related.
WOW, I'm 100% sure this applies to me, I had no idea there was a name for it and it was an actual condition. 

I used to think getting angry at all sort of noises was something I picked up from my father that had manifested itself from people making mouth noises while eating. 
My dad would always get really angry at me and my sister when we would make the slightest noises while eating, smacking our lips and slurping etc. 

Those sounds started to drive me insane from a young age but its grown into sooo many other sounds. When I was younger my sister and her friends would make lip smacking noises to intentionally get me angry. I would get so angry that I would run to my room and just break things or run out of the house. I even once regrettably punched my sister without realising until about 20 seconds after when I had calmed down a tiny bit.
Noises that go on consistently for a while will set me off too. banging sounds, crisp packet rustling, multiple sniffs, loud breathing and tapping, to name a few.

Whats even more maddening is if I catch myself making annoying noises I will even get angry at myself. It sort of feels like I'm getting mad on behalf of others at what I'm doing, like if I cough too many times for example.

If I'm ever in a public place or super market and I hear a baby start to scream or cry, I will fast walk to the nearest exit or in the opposite direction to the child. I've walked into places, done instant U-turns and walked back out at the moment I've heard a child crying/screaming.

From about the age of 12(now 28) I had completely stopped sitting at the table with the family to eat. Even when i visit my family at Christmas I have to eat Christmas dinner in another room, and once everyone has finished i would feel comfortable to return to the room.

During my teens and even my early twenties, When I picked up on random noises that were bothering me, 1 of 2 things normally happened, I would either slowly start to feel my body heating up, my heart rate increasing and became gradually angrier, or it would hit me like a train and I would become instantly enraged and ready to lash out. 

When either of those happened, I would then quickly jam my fingers in my ears, my legs started to bounce and I would try to distract myself by humming (I must have looked mental), or I would make an attempt to get as far away from the sound as quickly as possible. 

For about the last 5 years I've been able to control my anger much better but the annoying noises still affect me. Now I'll still get angry but I'm much more likely to walk away calming myself down, taking long slow deep breaths.

Anyway, I'd love to see this documentary when it comes out. It'll be interesting to see how other people deal with it.


Edit: Spelling
I have this. Since the early 90s and its gotten only worse. I get really bad itches and waves of nausea/trembles all over my spine even thinking about certain mouth noises.. It's fucking terrible. I piss off people all the time. Very tough not being able to eat near people. And everyone just gets so damn offended and arrogant when you explain their eating is annoying. 

People really need to learn to not smack their food. It's a disgusting practice. 
I have this. I don't think there's anything I can do about this, and it really fucking sucks. Bookmarked to watch later
Misophoniac here! I'm so excited that a documentary will be released. Over the last 5 years so much research has been conducted on the etiology of misophonia as well as the prevalence rate, comorbidity, and symptoms. The world is finally beginning to recognize misophonia. I hope that children will be identified as having Miso so that they won't have to suffer as I did during test time in the winters... the sniffling and coughing sent me into full blown isolated mental breakdowns. I hope this documentary makes it to mainstream!
Story of my life. I haven't seen this documentary but I haven't eaten with my parents at the dinner table since I was 7 years old. When we have to eat out I get ridiculously distressed and get the fight or flight response. I have scars on my knuckles from scratching at them.
Yes, everyone is bothered by certain noises. However, with misophonia it is not simply being annoyed, it makes you feel uncontrollable rage and hopelessness. And it can cause other issues as well, I have a suspicion mine has contributed to my insomnia, basically when I hear a noise that is a "trigger", I feel fight or flight symptoms and my heart starts racing. I know my case is no where near severe as others, but I have had had my share of crying fits because I was being exposed to a trigger noise that was repetitive and never seemed like it would go away. I'm glad this documentary is coming out, nobody likes to act irrational, especially over something that seemingly NO ONE understands.
God, my cubicle was full of these people, getting angry over noises, and talked behind backs instead of talking about it or shutting up. "Did you hear so-and-so chewing/ coughing/sneezing/pronouncing the "S" in words like a whistle/clearing throat, etc. Listening to the complaining was worse than the actual noises. 

"Mother of three" is not a credential or occupation, at 0:26
White ears matter. 
Nope. this is bullshit. NO ONE enjoys these sounds. Everyone hates throat clearing and sniveling. These are just people with rage issues.
If this becomes more widely known, 100% it will become one of those things that people will go around self-diagnosing themselves with, in the same way that every high school kid thinks its cute to have "OCD". Calling it now. Only saying that because everyone gets irritated by noises sometimes.
I can't stand when people drum with there fingers...but i'm just an asshole
I have the urge to kill whenever I hear 'smacking' or loud breathing.  Is this misophonia?
 have always wondered if there was something wrong with me (at least in this capacity.) I get angry almost to the point of physically expressing it at times when many people are making repetitive noises. 
Solution: Put ear plugs in.
Iv'e diagnosed myself with this about 5 or 6 years back. It matches everything i go through. The rage is unimaginable. My trigger is people chewing, mostly people that are close to me, people I know very well. 
anyone reading who actually experiences misophonia just FYI it is helpful to bring ear plugs into a situation that you known will be negatively stimulating! 

Also in dire circumstances it does feel good to imitate the sound. Weird I know but I have misophonia and sometimes it can be very frustrating :/ anyways good luck out there!
I had no idea documentaries were made in the future
Hearing people slurping drinks through a straw that only have a little liquid at the bottom and ice. Feels like my ears are being destroyed and my body cringes/shakes/aches. Even just thinking about the sound.  And of course snoring. 

I feel like I understand how these people feel a little. Just a tad. 
This is why I feel a murderous rage when I stumble across ASMR videos.
My mother, brother, and I have all have this condition to a certain degree, but we all have different triggering noises. I honestly hate it so much and wish there was something I could do or take to make me not care. It makes me feel so confined when I am in a class room and can hear someone else  breathing or sipping on a coffee. I go into an inexplicable rage and am filled with hatred for that person for no reason other than the fact that they are breathing. Its so difficult to explain- what am I supposed to do? Say "hey quit breathing!" ? Thats what I want to do. 

 And I still have no idea how to handle it. Usually I just act like the hugest asshole in the world by looking at them glaringly and sometimes I try to breathe louder or quietly hum so that I can not hear them breathe but I'm so anxious and so uncontrollably mad by this point it is ridiculous. And I can't learn at this point. Usually the next class I move and try to sit by people who are just naturally quieter. 

When I look back on it, like five minutes later, I am so ashamed that I got so mad. I worry and hope that no one noticed that I was glaring at the pen clicker/ food chewer / coffee sipper. My friends will make jokes about it and usually I immediately feel terrible because I know I made them feel uncomfortable by my reaction. 

It is very hard to explain how I can't stand these things, and I never mention it to people because I feel their eyes roll before I get the words out of my mouth. But honestly its every small noise out of my control. Someone swallowing, someone chewing, someone breathing etc. If I can not control the noise then I am on edge, and the smaller and quieter the noise is the worse my reaction is. Even this video: you can hear the spit in some people's mouths as they speak, it is only a second and I am only slightly annoyed but the thing is, it is never something someone can fix that sets me off. You cant dry out your mouth every time you speak, but I'll be annoyed if I can hear any moisture in your mouth...

I dont really know what the point of what this comment is. Just venting, I guess. Or just me taking the time to say if someone says: "stop singing/humming/breathing" even though it is rude of them and they are assholes, dont hold it against them.
I'm not sure, but this documentary felt a bit as if they were selling me that I have this disease.  I kept waiting for the 800 number to pop up.
r/asmr is a cure
I used to have this guy at work who would always yell something random every time he walked in the room and it made me want to murder him.
Am I the only one that wanted to see them get angry? 
I can relate a little bit. I'm also intolerant to some sounds and I'm also isolated, but I don't think it's because of the small intolerance to a few sounds.
I've often thought I was nuts for getting so bent out of shape (so fast!) if I hear a kid crying, or other triggers.  This is very interesting to me, thanks.
I have this problem but I also love ASMR type videos. It's like a general sensitivity but a selective disorder.
Well. When i get in the passenger side of my friend's car. He lets the seatbelt alarm constantly beep. It's so much more of an annoying hassle than to put on the seatbelt, and it drives me insane.
Whistling.

Whistling should be punishable by death.
I get very mad inside at the sound of a slamming door. I thought it was normal.
Does the conversations of my co-workers count? Thank God they let us wear headphones while we work, because I literally can't take it sometimes.
Oh my GOD. Years and years I've asked my parents to stop randomly whistling because I found it annoying to the point where I'd force my pillow over my face.

They wouldn't believe me when I said I **needed them** to stop. Now I have ammunition knowing there's a name to this thing.

Too bad I don't live with them anymore. Maybe in the next life.
[deleted]
First heard of this condition when I was looking at '23 and me', a partial genome sequencing service. It's one of the conditions they screen for - apparently there's a strong genetic component to it. Thought that was  fascinating and just confirms how this isn't just a matter of people "manning up" and dealing with it, it's a real problem. 
There's a lot of noises that don't actually bother me, but a few in particular that will incite desire to annihilate:

- children that won't stop screaming
- dogs barking
- people walking loudly above me, loud noises occurring above my head, banging, construction noises

Chiming in as a sufferer of this condition. I first noticed it when staying over at friends houses as kid and having to pull the batteries on ticking clocks or I would stay up all night 'listening' to the click of each second. 

It's gotten worse as I have aged or I've simply become even more aware of it.

Best way to explain it is that sound waves are registered as a deeply physical experience. 

I remember laying in bed once and hearing a dog bark outside behind the wall of my bed. I could feel the sound wave 'enter' the top of my head and pass through (ripple) down my body from head to toe. 

Any sharp random sound like a door slamming often makes me break into a cold sweat as my heart goes double time within a millisecond of the sound. 

I cannot distinguish these types of sounds from actual threats.

I've only been able to sleep with -33db earplugs for the past 15 years (i'm 36) and if I am somewhere without them I cannot sleep because my sense of hearing is intertwined with my sense of touch so deeply that I lie awake 'touching' the world with my ears.

My hearing process feels as if I have tiny strings that spew out from my ears &amp; create a web of hyper awareness of my environment. If there were a way to visualize what I am listening to by painting it purple, everything in 10-15 meter radius would be purple. 

My sense of hearing is 'touching' the world around me - caressing objects in such a way as to make me 'feel' the space I'm in as if my ears were hands.

The benefit is that my sense of proprioception seems off the charts and I have excellent balance &amp; posture. The disadvantage is of course that living / listening is often an extremely painful, anxiety inducing, rage inciting &amp; ultimately exhausting experience.

I've broken up with a girlfriend because she could not stop biting her fork with her teeth and holding onto the form as she pulled it out her mouth.

When things are quiet in a movie my internal volume &amp; sense of listening more closely, always sets me up for a powerful physical jump scare when a new scene starts with a different sound environment even if it's not a scary movie. My whole body reacts like I'm getting hit by a car and my intense reaction winds up startling people around me as well.

Someone sitting next to me recently was eating pretzels and hearing his teeth grind the matter into dust was about as comforting as getting bloodwork done. Even worse, he kept licking the inside of his mouth every 18 seconds for the next five minutes to I guess re-taste the waning flavor. I had to stick the tip of my finger in my right ear or else I would have had to get up and leave or ask him directly to keep his mouth closed  before I permanently shut it with my knee. It's an irrational over reaction I know.

tl;dr: I'm the guy with 3 white noise machines. pretty sure that misophonia must have everything to do with 'crossed wires' in the brain between senses of touch &amp; hearing - my hearing acts as if it were my sense of touch.
I have been suffering from misophonia my whole life and you have no idea how happy I was to see this trailer...
Imagine having a permanent tinnitus with it.
Wow, cool to realize this is a thing.

Are there people who can't stand sounds at all, or is it mainly applicable to certain monotonous sounds and sounds that stand out from the regular noice around us?

I'm personally annoyed with sounds not produced by me, like someone else typing extra hard on their keyboard. Also sounds that are sort of addning an extra layer of noice to my surroundings, such as the washing machine running or the fans on my computer running unevenly. It never really gets to the point of me becoming really angry and storming out of a room.
It's not random noises, it's specific noises.
Africa is a continent with different countries, religions and cultures. This documentary is about Albinos in TANZANIA which is ONE country in the African continent. 
I both have albinism and have studied a number of different African societies. For once a subject has cropped up on Reddit that I know quite a lot about and I just want to say a lot of the people commenting here are a dangerous combination of ignorant and vocal.
Kenyan here. Where I'm from they also believe that Albinos are bad luck. They are often killed at birth or by others for body parts. Thankfully this is something only prevalent in the rural areas untouched by higher education (thankfully dwindling areas). 
Wow, there are so many children at the camp. I had no idea there was such a large community of albino people in the area. I wonder why the count is eight time higher in this area than the rest of the country.  It seems to me though that there are enough of the people at the camp that they could really start their own community... plant crops, build more schools, build more shops and things... Obviously I don't know the area, but it feels like they could become self-sufficent so that the kids didn't have to go back out on the streets once they graduated.
In Tanzania, Albinos are hunted for their body parts.

&gt;Children born with albinism in Tanzania live in constant danger of being attacked by people looking to profit from superstitious beliefs. About one in 20,000 people is born with albinism, lacking pigment in their hair, skin, and eyes. In Tanzania, according to reporting from the Thomson Reuters Foundation, albino body parts are highly valued in witchcraft and can fetch a high price: “Superstition leads many to believe albino children are ghosts who bring bad luck. **Some believe the limbs are more potent if the victims scream during amputation**, according to a 2013 United Nations report.”

&gt;http://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2015/10/albino-children-in-tanzania-targeted-by-body-part-hunters/408469/



When I was in Mdumbi in South Africa there was an albino man who would hang out at the shebeen (a kind of unlicensed bar) in the area. He was a nice guy, went crabbing with everyone else. The guide I was with said he'd been cursed by a witch. 
Christ!! I'm really tired of sensationalist headlines like these. Africa is a big fucking continent. Not a country. I grew up in Nigeria. I knew several albino kids. They were treated no different than anyone else. Tanzania is not the entire fucking continent.
I plan to watch this later today, but I think this is worth mentioning, the title of this post is slightly misleading - in many parts of Africa albinos have been for a long time, and still are, religiously fetishized (not in a sexual manner). 

Because of this they have even been given special privileges in some African societies. But even today we see Albinos hunted down and mutilated for their body parts as good luck charms by witch doctors (ie the recent elections in Tanzania). In fact I was in Tanzania when election season began and I remember seeing albino activist commercials nearly every commercial break when watching the news. 

I have yet to watch the documentary as yet, so I am unsure of the region it focuses on (which will make a difference), but at first glance the title seemingly suggested that albinos are hated/looked down on, when in fact they are often historically (in many regions of Africa, at least) given special statuses in society. Although it doesn't always translate well into current society.... (Back to the Tanzania and Kenya example). 

Edit: I'm definitely not calling you out op. I just thought it would help to give some more context. 
Also many albinos are raped (even babies) because there's a superstition that having sex with an albino will cure AIDS.

&gt;In other places like Zimbabwe, it's believed that having sex with an albino cures HIV/AIDS completely. This crazy superstitious belief has led to the rape of several innocent Albino men and women.

http://www.africaw.com/major-problems-facing-albinos-in-africa
wtf. they cut off her arm? a child's fucking arm? i hope these bastards die.
poor guys.
What a fucked-up thread of comments. I've never seen so many people frothing at the mouth with excitement for having found something they can use to emphasize how bad/evil/stupid/racist they think black people are. 
I did not realize how many racists there are on reddit. Interesting.
[Great doc. For more information, check out the Persecution of people with albinism Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persecution_of_people_with_albinism)
This is so sad. The body parts don't even work either. On two occasions I purchased albino children's hands from a witch doctor and my AIDS is still as bad as its ever been.
They are like the Gingers of the USA
#albinolivesmatter
Uploads like these are why I'm subbed here. I'll admit that it's odd to see albino individuals here in the U.S. but I've never considered what it would be like in Africa. It really was tragic watching this but I'm glad that there's at least people willing to cover the subject matter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0TOd2jDNvU
**Salif Keita** was cast out from his community because of his albinoism. Now he makes amazing music. 

Have a listen to this, please... 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7T8um2YK-k
Bookmark
Blake Griffin needs to step in here and smooth things out. 
Thank you for sharing this, I had no idea this was a thing. Very disheartening.
Clearly black people are very tolerant and understanding. (Looks out window at University.) Oh never mind...
AlbinoLivesMatter
Albino lives matter.
ITT: Top comments talking about how many ignorant and fucked up comments there are in this thread.
I don't want to take away from this story, because this is extra awful, but there is misfortune in being born in Africa today period, not just for albino people.

That continent needs help getting its shit together.
Why can't Africa get with the program and be civilized. Remember when they threw dead doctors in latrines during the Ebola epidemic? Yeah let's kill the only people who are helping us....
Oh, Africa...
blacklivesmatter? not if your white...
Jesus Christ.

Everyone making HUR DUR BUT BLACK PEOPLE CAN'T BE RACIST RIGHT jokes: 

The argument (edit: which I should clarify I do not necessarily agree with) you are *trying* and *failing* to satirize is that MINORITIES cannot be racist against MAJORITIES. This is a documentary about actions of Black Africans in Africa against Africans with albinism, a condition which is estimated occurs in Africans at a rate of [1 in 5,000 to 1 in 15,000](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2009/01/how_many_albinos_are_in_tanzania.html) depending on the area. Who do you think the majority population is in this scenario?

.. I'll wait
You mean dark skinned people are guilty of cruel and unusual treatment of lighter skinned people?

Colour me surprised, I didn't think this could happen.



-- sarcasm, before you go off on one.
I haven't seen doc but I know that it's not about the skin being white. Blacks in Africa are uneducated so they believe in whole bunch of bullshit like fairy tales, magic, voodoo and other stupid shit, they think albinos will bring bad luck etc.
But but but only white people are the only ones who make skin color important!
they should go transgender, then everyone will see how brave they are
Good ole' africans, beating and murdering ablinos.....Truly they are only behind times because of white oppression 
This is basically black Africans hating on white people.
Tumblr feminists *really* want to hate them because they are "white" but their heads explode at the part of them being oppressed and marginalized.
White privilege my ass. 
What's weird is albino black people still look like they're black - as in, facial bone structure wise.

https://www.google.com/search?q=albino+black+people&amp;safe=off&amp;client=ms-android-boost-us&amp;prmd=ivsn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjZlpHYkKfJAhWK6SYKHduWADAQ_AUIBygB&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=511#imgrc=lOEdVJMxjTqWvM%3A


Don't know if it's true but I recall hearing somewhere that albinos are cannibalized because it's believed they have magical powers or something.
Whether that's in africa or is even true, idk. Just a high guy passing by.
Don't they also eat them?
Finally someone made a movie about "White Privilege"
Finally someone made a movie about "White Privilege"
Wait, I am so confused.... I thought all white people are racist against black people, and not the other way around... If this documentary is to be believed, doesn't that make a lot of the modern day racial grievance industry (Al Sharpton, Black Lives Matter and their partners in DC) look really bad???
[deleted]
[deleted]
Albino...from the Latin word albus, meaning white.
Do you know the Latin word for black?
Black people cant be racist. racism is prejudice plus power. The albino baby has the power due to their white skin, they are protected by white supremacy, and benefit from black oppression. This is merely people of colour exercising their justified anger at white hetero cis patriarchy.
Must have really fucked with their beliefs when they found out there are continents full of white people.
So black people are racist too?  Say it ain't so!
The Africans detest anybody with 'White Privilege'
So proof that black people can be racist.  
[deleted]
Don't forget butchering them for their "magic" parts and whatnot. 
weird af
Albeeno.
But you can't be racist towards non-black people!
Wait i thought Blacks couldn't be racist HAHAHAHAHA
"racist" 
So is this then an example of the black man keeping the white man down??
So the question is, does this count as racism against whites or albino's.
Is there really anyone who is NOT racist?
"..they're *punching up* at white privilege!"
At least they are not gingers.
Born in the mid-80's.
When I was in 3rd grade we had some Sexual Education.
One night over dinner, my parents asked what I learned in school that day, I told them "AIDs, and how i could avoid it"
They looked at each other, smirking, and BOTH my parents told me
"You don't have to worry about that, you are not gay".
This was during the 90's.
"AIDS is not funny, believe me I tried." - Michael G. Scott
I was raised in the 80's and I remember people being really scared.  When It went from a "gay disease" to a "everyone can get it disease", people said and did things that I'm sure they are not proud of now.   What made me really sad as a kid was to hear about all of those people who got abandoned by friends, family, coworkers and even health professionals for having AIDS.    
Fear something brings the worst in some people.  
anybody remeber Tiny Tims smash hit "Santa Clause has got the Aids this year"? Seriously.
It's amusing to hear the outrage in this thread as if it didn't apply to how we act and live today.  In fact, our society acted exactly the same in the latest serious disease outbreak, Ebola.  

Tons of Ebola jokes out there too, there's always been plenty off color jokes about everything.  And the dumbo New Jersey governor even wanted to forcibly quarantine a medical professional after she got infected, driving paranoia.  

And just like people didn't give a shit when HIV was the homosexual disease, people didn't care about Ebola while Ebola stayed in Africa.  The stupid dog in Spain that got Ebola got more attention than thousands dying in Liberia/SL.  *"A toothache in my mouth is more important than wars on the other side of ocean"* holds as true today as it has during the HIV era.  

That's the weirdest thing I've seen.

"People are dying."

"That's hilarious Lester, I don't have it so..."
When I grew up in the 80's using gay slurs was totally PC and a way of bonding. Even if you didn't hate gay people at all you still used it. I think many of us in my generation (Gen X) had to do major reassessments of what we were actually saying. Even after more was known about HIV it still seemed like you would have to be high on some exotic drug banging hundreds of nameless dudes in order to catch the virus, so it would bring a good chuckle if you brought it up.

The press secretary never "faked" quotes. He took the bullet for the President's off handed quotes and that is why he got the medal.
There are still tons of AIDS jokes these days. Just look at what happened when people found out Charlie Sheen had HIV.. Jokes and memes galore. Don't act like we're all that much better than people from the past.
Is this shocking? Where are people living where being gay still isn't joked about? I'm gay, grew up in Northern UK and now live in London. Gay jokes are a common thing.

They are laughing about gay people before understanding whats AIDS is. It would happen again today.
This is a bad documentary. 

I appreciate the it is the honest recordings between the White House Press Secretary and a Journalist, but it's just click bait.  Reagan had virtually nothing to do with this video or discussion.  In the early 80's no one knew what was going on.  AIDS was new.  He was briefed by his advisers on it along with many other topics, not sure what you could expect from the President, it's not like the CDC wasn't taking it seriously. 

The laughter and joking in the video is in between the press secretary and all the journalist in the room, and Larry isn't exempt from that.  
Liam Neeson based his standup routine on full blown aids....
Today half the internet is based on making fun of people with mental and physical handicaps. But of course our jokes are fun and others' are cruel. Right?
80s joke: What's the toughest thing about having AIDS? Convincing your parents that you're Haitian.
I love all of the people defending Reagan when he was the on who exploited and used the Religious Right, the group of people responsible for fighting tooth and nail against gay rights, to win his election.
Lester sounds like Jimmy Stewart.
The press seemed to be making a bigger joke out of it than the whitehouse did.
like drones are now
I was in grade school in Boston during the 80's. Lots of AIDS jokes. 
I graduated High school in 2010 and to me it's shocking that this wasn't a discussed more in U.S. History class. I remember maybe just briefly talking about the AIDS blanket but that's it. I didn't learn about the harsh truth what the Government did till watching some documentaries on Netflix a years ago. Throughout my whole education we talked about the Civil rights movement so many times that it was getting tiring. It is a similar issue, about how the Government mistreated a group of people. I would have been very interested in High School learning about how the Government didn't treat this properly and what happened as a result. I just hope they teach this in schools.
It's weird they framed this as the administration making the jokes, when they were the ones actually reacting to questions framed as jokes by media members....only a few of the questions had a serious tone.
Despite the ideas on HIV/AIDS at the time, it's still extremely scary  to me that individuals involved with the leader of the free world would make a mockery out of obviously serious questions.
Emotions aside, this is fascinating to hear how a topic like homosexuality and AIDS is discussed in the early 80s versus now. It would be handled much differently now, at least in the public eye. Just interesting what kind of cultural shift we experienced in 30 years. 
There is an incredible amount of people who think that, because there are still AIDS jokes, this shouldn't be thought of as a big deal.
This shit angers me.
video doesn't work
It's so easy to judge people from the past for being less enlightened and more ignorant than people in the present day are. Homophobic jokes were commonplace between hetero males at that time. This press secretary seems insensitive through today's lens but the administration did allocate 12 million for research on a disease that affected very very few people in 1982. Actions speak much louder than words. People should learn to focus on them instead of getting caught up on hot air.
Its 2015 and AIDS jokes are still funny. When properly constructed. 
And what?

Is this some attempt to put Reagan's name on it to make him look bad?

This is what historians call "Presentism", or placing today's values on a situation from the past.

The White House Press pool laughed. Are you going to tell me all those journalists were "Conservative Republicans"?

This would have been the same response to the mention of a "Gay plague" as it would been in Carter's, Nixon's, LBJ's, Kennedy's and every President going backward.

To attempt to cry and complain that Reagan didn't do enough is simply ridiculous. The vast majority of the people in the country at that time would have called it a waste of money.


The 1990 passing of [this guy](http://www.kimschumacher.dk/images/exp89_front-l.jpg), Kim Schumacher, was what made AIDS a "real" thing in Denmark. He only got 39 years and would probably still be funny today if not for that damned disease.
https://youtube.com/watch?v=5yC7HwPh6Es

It's still sorta funny...
For fuck's sake, Dugas.
https://youtu.be/5yC7HwPh6Es
When AIDS wasn't understood.
Reagan didn't give a crap about AIDS until Rock Hudson, a "straight man," got it.
My next door neighbor (in the early 80's) would call people AIDS victims the same way you might call someone a dumbass. He eventually stopped. 
Listening to those assholes chuckle was hard, but at least it serves as a reminder of how far we've come as a society. While individual members still hold this insipid, stupid, hateful attitude, most of us have thankfully rejected it.
Aids was funny for Reagan but those evil gays and marijuanas are right from satan himself.
is that Chris Wallace saying "the gays"? fucking despicable the whole thing - the questions, the answers the laughter
Still pretty funny tbh fam
This really makes you wonder, if there was a more appropriate response, if it didn't take over two years and almost 60,000 dead before the president even publicly said "AIDS", do you think more could have been done to prevent the out outbreak and spread?  It really is saddening to see the attitude exuded by government officials and even some members of the press concerning this.  
Jokes on them, Charlie Sheen.
I heard on the radio yesterday that AIDS has killed 39 million people. Anyone else floored by that stat?
I went to a fundamentalist Christian elementary school.  When I was in the 4th grade (1988) we had to write down our dreams and ambitions, and I came up with "I want to discover a cure for AIDS".  I didn't know what it was or that it was primarily spread (at the time) in gay communities.  It was just a terrible disease I had heard of.  I'll never forget the way my teacher responded.  He said "AIDS is a terrible disease and I really hope we find a cure for it someday."  The point is that not all conservative fundamentalists thought the same way. 
This is more indicative of how taboo being gay was than anything.
In all likelihood HIV does not cause AIDS and a massive part of the medical science field has been duped.  
This is slightly out of context. Lester Kinsolving - the guy asking the questions, is a notorious gay basher, who calls the lobbyists who argue for gay rights, 'the sodomy lobby'

So it wasn't so much the administration making fun of AIDS it was the press secretary making fun of Lester because of his preoccupation with anything *gay*.

Im betting if you find questions posed by anyone else the answers would be delivered differently. But then its not as sensational.
fucked up
video doesn't work
Does no one remember &lt;2010? AIDS was a meme.
Reagan talks about AIDS: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI038QEP2MU
Why does no one ever mention the gay community's shit response to the AIDS epidemic? 

Like how they refused to close the bathhouses til 1989? Or that they considered it "homophobic" if you suggested they shouldn't fuck every guy they see or that they should use condoms?

Or the fact gay celebrities tried to hide their AIDS status til their deaths, while people who got it through tainted blood had to face the discrimination. Freddie Mercury, Rock Hudson, Robert Reed, Anthony Perkins, etc. etc. tried to hide while Ryan White, Elizabeth Glazier, Magic Johnson, and Arthur Ashe faced the discrimination.

There should be a documentary on how the gay community screwed itself.
I get it was a very different time but it still pisses me off how thousand can die and AIDS is treated as a joke. Especially how the man to try to get any sort of attention to it in these recordings is mocked and ridiculed.
Reagan was terrible as terrible as he could have possibly been with the AIDS epidemic. That's the only thing i remember him for, besides being a hollywood star beforehand. this video is not sensationalized at all. in fact it was much worse than the video portrays. 
But it's been 22.3 years.
Seems to me that the press was doing most of the laughing as well as asking ignorant questions.

Am I literally Hitler for finding some of this pretty funny?
"If we judge the men of the past by the standards of today, then we are all surely doomed. " - A wise person
I remember Ayds  https://youtu.be/UP_uiiRAZqs


sounds like the press pool was laughing. I think the reporter asking question wanted the press secretary to say, "the president does not have gay plague." so he could print a headline "Press Secretary denies president has gay plague." 

this just in people in the past weren't as PC as everyone is today. 
the title of this post is incredibly misleading. For those who didn't bother to watch the video it has nothing to do with the Reagan White House response to AIDS. It is just a collection of clips of the White house  press secretary at the time sparring with a specific reporter. The reporter throws out wild speculation about AIDS looking for a headline , the WHPS says he has no information on that, the reporter presses and the PS makes a joke to shut the exchange down. Out of context it looks like both these gas are assholes. In reality they were both just doing what the PS and WHAT press corps have always done and still do.
Butt-flu
AIDS is still funny...
Newsflash: still funny bitches!
One of the best documentaries that dealt the early days of the AIDS epidemic was THE NOMI SONG (2004), about bizarre performance artist Klaus Nomi (YouTube him to hear his amazing voice in action). Nomi was one of the early cases and almost NO ONE came to see him as he died in the hospital, gay or straight. The fear was too much. It was certainly a different time. 
Uh, what's with their shitty content delivery system? I literally allowed every single script on that page and the video panel is still completely black.
Is it just me or does it seem like this is just the culture of these press briefings at the time? I.e. they would banter back and forth about most issues? Sure they're also not treating this particular topic with the gravity it deserves but they're also products of the time. 

TIL that things change
[AIDS is never funny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKTh7zBIcrM)
Man if you think AIDs was bad, imagine how they treated other diseases if people used to go on witch hunts and burn people just because they got boils on their face.
Implying people don't still laugh at aids.  
I didn't know that was a thing, taking an audio conversation and panning back and forth between two freaking' still photos to simulate a dialog, hell, why not just use legos if you gonna be that lazy? 
Of course OP made sure to include Ronnie's face in the thumbnail. What an original, un-Redditlike coincidence.
Aids is still pretty funny.
Not sure if it's covered in the doc but old people will remember that there was a diet 'candy' called AYDS around right before the disease became known to the widestream public.  


https://youtu.be/cjmxmHpBj4E
You guys do realize in 30 to 50 years, there are things you laugh at that the future will think "wtf was wrong with these people".   Hell you get people laughing and going "yeah right whatever" when you discuss self driving cars. People that have the attitude of "i'll never let a god damn fancy pants computer drive me around".     30 years from now we can all be taking naps, or driving home drunk and there won't be a single death or injury. Future us will look back and say "wtf were they thinking"

Add in the fact we didn't have all the political correctness crap we have today. 
The press laughed too. Nobody knew anything about aids at the time, and you trying to hold them accountable in the past is just intellectually dishonest. 

If you think you are above it all now, watch your home movies in 30 years.
AIDS is still funny.
Gay/AIDS joke will always be funny.

I've got a good one.

How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?



AIDS.
They say comedy is one of the most effective forms of communication and Reagan knew how to use comedy. Here are some of his zingers about the Soviet Union.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mN3z3eSVG7A

You know what they say, it's better to laugh than to cry.
AIDS is still funny. 

Just not when politicians and scientists laugh about it publicly. 
Wait, AIDS jokes aren't funny anymore?
As long as it offends someone, it will always be funny.
I still think it's funny.  Even if I had AIDS I'd think it's funny.  I'm talking about dark humor though, not the disease itself.
And then Reagan's friend got it so it became a national concern over night.

And then all Republicans remembered him as the greatest president in history for all of eternity thereafter.
I don't get it.....isn't aids still funny?
Aids jokes are still funny. 
Remember when obama killed everyone with Ebola last year? Remember the 24/7 we are all going to die tomorrow on fox and con sites and talk radio? Yeah , this is how republicans respond to epidemics or tragedies like Katrina. Let them eat cake and die. 
it's almost as if nature is trying to select
Reagan was an asshat. I never liked the guy and I still don't. I would argue he is the most overrated president ever, and probably one of the worst.
Beep beep beep.   When did it not become funny?
Family Guy did an entire song about AIDS.

Assholes will be assholes, regardless of the decade.
I really wish that video had been edited better. I think a lot of people will give up on it and not watch until the end. The speed at which the conversation is slapped up there is way too fast. 
This is why i love telling out dated old people to just die and stop wasting oxygen and resources. Ignotards like this should be constantly reminded that their services are no longer needed. 
DON'T EVER JOKE ABOUT THINGS! the Movie.  Fuck off. 
Why does no one ever mention the gay community's shit response to the AIDS epidemic? 

Like how they refused to close the bathhouses til 1989? Or that they considered it "homophobic" if you suggested they shouldn't fuck every guy they see or that they should use condoms?

Or the fact gay celebrities tried to hide their AIDS status til their deaths, while people who got it through tainted blood had to face the discrimination. Freddie Mercury, Rock Hudson, Robert Reed, Anthony Perkins, etc. etc. tried to hide while Ryan White, Elizabeth Glazier, Magic Johnson, and Arthur Ashe faced the discrimination.

There should be a documentary on how the gay community screwed itself.
Get over yourself, it was funny, it's still funny. But it's also very very sad. Everyone should be ashamed. But also, everyone should laugh about it to feel better. Equilibrium
Still is funny.
Magic Johnson gets the last laugh. Thanks Money!!!
it almost sounds as though they were goofing on that guy and it just so happened to be the topic he was asking about. 
I made a text video not long ago about this very exchange, so I was surprised when this short film came out to see how similar to mine (and how much better) it was. This time period is something I've been really interested in, and it's precisely because of the disconnect seen in this short film.

Here's the text video: https://vimeo.com/140604195
Its 2015 and AIDS jokes are still funny. When properly constructed. 
is that Chris Wallace saying "the gays"? fucking despicable the whole thing - the questions, the answers the laughter
I hope to someday live in a world where a person could tell a hilarious AIDS joke. It's one of my dreams. 
Well good new then since it's funny again.
[At least we can still yuck it up about white trash.](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34714842)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=612DEoTFH0o South  Park's take on the matter.
Yup, we were an ignorant lot back then, good think we're more moral now...
It's still pretty funny considering having aids is basically like having a permanent cold in today's world.

Unless you live in the outskirts of Africa or something. But then you were probably fucked anyway.
I think aids is pretty funny. you stuck a cock in your ass or needle in your arm and now you're fucked. 
[deleted]
Jared from Subway would like to have a word with you. He knows all about aids. 
They laughed at a very specific spot, its obvious that the person editing this doesn't get the context, which is critical.

The point they laughed was where they called it "gay plague," which had a very different meaning at the time.

The word gay for them, meant happy, cheerful, joyful. So when they said it's called the "gay plague" it would be similar to calling a disease "joyful plague" which is completely ridiculous. 

You have to consider the generation Reagan was from to understand that response. On top of that, he had not heard of it at that point, meanings changed over time, and it became clear that aids was a horrible thing costing many lives. 

This obviously came back to bite him in the ass later, and he started doing [AIDS PSAs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI038QEP2MU) later in his life.
Adam Curtis his documentaries should be common good in schools and should be shown on every TV-network!

Instead of lashing out whenever we feel threatened, we should become aware of the historical narrative in which all things happen in this globalised world. We shouldn't base our world-view on the news! It's very good at bringing news but nothing more than that, to actually understand the things that happen we need to look at history, and our own part in it.

-edit: spelling-
A good book to check out on this topic is *The Shock Doctrine* by Naomi Klein.
Found this after following your link.

https://archive.org/details/ThePowerOfNightmares-Episode1BabyItsColdOutside#

The quality is a bit better, everything fits in the screen.

I'm on episode 2 already =)
Regardless of Curtis' style the information contained is this series should be known by every person in the western world. 

People not knowing these things is shameful. 

If you've never questioned the paradigm of culture that you've lived your life in then devote the necessary hours to watch these films and I'm betting a new personal perspective arises.
I recommend [his blog on the BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/adamcurtis). 
Reading his articles feels a lot like watching his docs. 
"Century of Self" is probably still my favorite Adam Curtis work. While there was some great information in this series it felt less researched then "CoS"
My favorite fact from this series: the name "Al Qaeda" comes from a New York lawyer who needed a name for the organization to precede with a Rico charge.
[All Watched Over By Machines of Loving Grace] (http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/all-watched-over-by-machines-of-loving-grace/) blew my mind, I have since been obsessed with Adam Curtis. 
I thought this series of documentaries was very well put together. What concerns me is why the BBC and the establishment allowed it to be released, it is some of the truth after all, isn't it?
I so recognize the music that starts about 30 sec in on part one!
someone pls help me, what is it? 
Watching this... I'd be willing to bet Osama Bin Laden wasn't killed by the U.S. after all.
Very timely.

All those who like Curtis's style will enjoy this good-natured parody, *The Loving Trap*: http://youtu.be/x1bX3F7uTrg
I think this documentary is incredibly important, if not the most important, work regarding "how it all began" using a sensible time line, attempting to explain the current state of affairs.

I am not a scholar so this is just "in my own opinion" and I would love to get some tips on documentaries, books, audio books which dives even deeper.
This is one of the finest documentaries I've ever seen, for the aesthetics, the information, the whole package. I rewatch this thing at least once a year just because it's so wonderful. Love Adam Curtis.
One episode has Rummy talking about the Russians having the equivelant of WMDS, he is asked if there is evidence and he says no, but we know they have them. I saw this when the series first came out. I was like he replaces the word Russia for Iraq and made the same pitch for war. 
Why are these youtube documentaries so low quality? Where can I find higher quality versions?
Vote for me, I will get those evil corporations and rich people out to get little old you. 
[I am loving the consistent use of John Carpenter music in this series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTVFlMy5kdw#t=80s)
Thanks so much for posting this series. youtube keeps deleting them. Great documentaries that should be required viewing.﻿
Great documentary. However, be ready for the detractors who will say this is Adam Curtis being a contrarian. Also Bitter Lake is a good recent one. 
When you realize the ultra wealthy, banksters, and weapons manufacturers need war to exist and the MIC collusion is now doctrine it's hard to not want to dig into who may be funding chaos and inciting violence. Problems are opportunities in disguise etc.
This is one of the best documentaries I've ever seen.

Scrub that, one of the best bits of media.
The greatest documentarian of our time.
I will be watching the motherfucking shit out of these now. Thanks op.
This was honestly posted, not even a week, after the Paris Attack.
[For those who want to understand why they don't consider themselves lesbians, this is where it is talked about](https://youtu.be/rUagSrRd6kI?t=4m8s)

TL;DW stigma.
Jesus, the comments. Guess we've been so traumatized by tumblr identity politics that we're not interested in social nuance anymore. Great documentary about a queer subculture in Thailand.
'Thailand is one of the most tolerant places on earth when it comes to sex and gender'.


I'm going to have to disagree with that.  Although I can understand why the people who made the documentary may think so I think they missed the wood for the trees.  For background, I spent around a year in Thailand as a transgender male (stealth, post surgery etc.) so I think I some knowledge on the subject. I do understand that this documentary particularly addresses Toms but I'm not keen on their above statement.


While it may seem that they are open there is a VERY clear hierarchy, and in many respects, a dichotomous relationship between masculine and feminine (not quite male and female).  It is a very patriarchal society. 


Although Toms dress and act like men they are still seen as lower than man and are not allowed to participate, act, or be truly seen as men (if they want to, some/most don't).  Kathoey's are seen as even lower than women since they gave up their manhood.  The theory of gay people doesn't really exist in the same way, which is why they dress/act as the opposite sex in order to date the same sex.  I never saw once two feminine girls or two masculine men together, whereas I saw quite often Toms or Kathoeys.


As an example, in a particular place it was found out that I used to be a girl, I was no longer allowed to do certain things and was kicked out of other activities that required you to be 'male'.  Mind you it was perfectly OK before, but the moment they knew, it was no longer OK.  That is the reality of the sexes in Thailand rather than a complete open society.  It is open as long as you aren't male.
[Here](http://topicstock.pantip.com/siam/topicstock/2012/01/F11550908/F11550908-0.jpg) is a diagram (taken from a popular Thai forum) explaining all the dating ways and names in Thai.  The arrows on the bottom indicate who may like who.

Starting from the men from left to right we have:
Real man, Adam, Bi, Gay King, Gay Queen, and Ladyboy

Starting from the women from left to right we have:
Lesbian, Tom, Dee, Bi, Cherry, and Real Woman

Or we could just let people do whatever the hell they want. Seriously who gives a shit? They're doing them and hurting no one in the process. 
I'm Thai. People here have no political correctness about gay people too. The whole country is pretty conservative, but they focus on the monarch. It's very acceptable since  i was very young. may be long before i was born. But it's not that free in term of career. There's no female mailperson. No male nurse(i dont know what the fuck). Job requirements explictly state sex (male/female) for certain jobs. Idea that a man expected to provide more. Woman to have kid and stay home.(not that much in the city).
This thread is a mess of bad feelings and confusion.
So they are lesbians.
It's important to understand that this is far more of a social arrangement than purely sexual. They are role-playing, for all intents and purposes. The woman in the relationship, called a "Dee" in Thai parlance, is a hyper-feminized caricature. They are commonly nightclub hostesses, so use that as an example of physical appearance (makeup, etc) and dress. The male "Tom" isn't simply a lesbian, but someone that portrays themselves according to all prevailing male stereotypes.

Generally speaking there is no equality in the relationship, the Tom is highly subservient, and sexually satisfies the Dee (when the relationship has a sexual element, sometimes it does not). The Dee will often never even touch the Tom in a sexual way (it's a common Tom-Dee taboo), and the Tom will often never do anything that compromises the illusion of male-ness, which means often being fully clothed during intimacy.

You will never see two Dees in a "Tom-Dee" relationship, and you will never see two Toms. Those would be lesbian relationships. To a westerner there isn't much distinction, but there is a huge social distinction among Thais. It has been common for western lesbians to move to Thailand (or do long stays) in an attempt to participate, and be met with confusion and rejection (and sometimes anger). This is because, as stated earlier, the Tom-Dee relationship is a rigid social construct and not a genuine two-way lesbian relationship.

Source: I'm a western dude, but I lived in Bangkok for a little bit and have a Thai wife. I saw this play out first hand and, curious what the hell was going on, had it explained to me.

(*Edit*: Spelling)
Out of curiosity, do most redditors believe identity is decided by the subject, by a consensus of onlookers, or some other group?
Okay, but why the shit did they use Amber as an example @6:20? She's chinese American and a singer in Korea. Furthermore she likes men and just happens to be a tomboy. She is still feminine. She is not Thai. And she's not a "Tom". This pisses me off and makes me question the rest of the documentary's research and claims.
I ve never seen Toms beyond the age of around 35 in Thailand...  this seems to be sonething they grow out of it
I really like the editing style of this documentary! It's very modern.
I wish people would stop with the duck comparison though, why do you care so much if Toms don't identify as lesbians ? The documentary clearly states that the word les[bian] is used for another category of girls.
People are complex or perhaps choose to be. 
Am I the only one who thinks this "I identify as..." thing has gone too far?

Apparently now you can have sex with people of the same sex every day, but you're somehow still straight. Because that's what you "identify" as. I was downvoted into oblivion not too long ago in an /r/sex tread for suggesting that "straight" wasn't a good word to describe a dude who bangs dudes. Apparently thinking that words should be used according to their definitions makes me a bigot or something.

To clarify for anyone confused:

If you sleep only with the opposite sex you are straight, if you sleep only with the same sex you are gay. If you do any variation of the two you are bi. It's simple, easy and fun. But if we all just start "identifying" as whatever completely unrelated from what we actually do then those words stop meaning anything.

So then it'll be:

"I'm gay what about you?"

"I'm gay too"

"Oh great, wanna go out sometime?"

"No thanks, I don't sleep with the same sex. I'm a gay man whose only interested in sex and relationships with women. That's how I identify"
TLDR: They don't like the word lesbian but they are lesbians.
I'm confused. What is their reasoning for not considering themselves lesbians?

Edit: Googled and I'm still not 100% clear. It seems like the women dating the toms feel like they are dating a man so I guess that doesn't make them lesbian. As for the toms themselves I'm still not sure but I don't really care how they class themselves since it's none of my business. http://www.thethailandlife.com/thai-toms
That is very very fascinating

Here is some information I gathered about the different gender roles in Thailand. I found [this diagram](http://bangkok.coconuts.co/sites/bangkok.coconuts.co/files/styles/article_header/public/field/image/sexuality-diagram-2.png) along with [this website explaining it.](http://bangkok.coconuts.co/random/thailands-smorgasbord-of-sexualities-in-one-handy-diagram)

For the males there are Straights, Adams, Bis, Gay Kings, Gay Queens, and Lady Boys. For the females, there are Straights, Cherries, Bis, Dees, Toms, and Lesbians. From what I can tell, here is who couples up ('F' is for 'female/feminine'. 'M' is for 'male/masculine'):

* Straight (M): Straight (F), Bi (F)
* Bi (M): Bi (M or F), Gay King (M), Gay Queen (F), Ladyboy (F), Straight (F)
* Gay King (M): Gay King (M), Gay Queen (F), Bi (M), Ladyboy (F)
* Gay Queen (F): Gay Queen (F), Gay King (M), Bi (M)
* Ladyboy (F): Bi (M)
* Lesbian (F): Lesbian (F), Bi (F)
* Tom (M): Dee (F), Bi (F)
* Dee (F): Tom (M), Bi (F)
* Bi (F): Bi (F or M), Dee (F), Tom (M), Lesbian (F), Ladyboy (F), Straight (M)
* Straight (F): Straight (M), Bi (M)

Here are the attractions that don't typically couple (which the graph also partly shows).

* Straight (M): Lesbian (F), Dee (F), Cherry (F)
* Adam (M): Tom (M), Dee (F)
* Bi (M): Straight (M), Adam (M), Lesbian (F), Tom (M), Dee (F), Cherry (F)
* Gay Queen (M): Straight (M), Adam (M)
* Ladyboy (F): Straight (M), Adam (M), Gay Queen (F)
* Lesbian (F): Tom (M), Dee (F), Cherry (F), Straight (F)
* Tom (M): Cherry (F), Straight (F)
* Cherry (F): Gay Queen (F), Gay King (M)
* Straight (F): Adam (M), Gay King (M)

Apparently there are no "transvestite women" and while there actually, technically is (toms), they exclusively date other women.
Thailand is where weird lives.
This is pointless 
I sat there getting the vapors over him until I took a closer look and traits, but it's not because they secretly want to reduce the stigma for being a queer woman in Thailand.
Either way they would be sort of like assuming anyone who calls themselves conservative is a mess of bad feelings and confusion.
I am (was) doing my masters thesis on homosexuality in Thailand and currently live and study in Thailand.

43 seconds in and they have already said two untrue things.  Homosexuality is not tolerated in Thailand, it is just ignored. Thai culture is notorious for looking the other way in everything. It only seems to be accepted in general society because the Thailand that most people see is tourism Thailand (for more read Peter Jackson, he has a couple good essays on it. They are 15 years old, and while acceptance is getting better here, it is still stigmatized, it is just ignored). 

Second "Kathoey" does not mean third gender, it basically means transgender (it can be used to refer to crossdressers as well). Your general lady-boy is considered kathoey by others,but they do not consider themselves that, they would call themselves "female" if they are mtf. 

This is very different from the concept of the "Third gender" that exists here. The Thai word for "third gender" is "pheat tii saam," which is very different. 

Edit: the segment on Thai uniformity is spot on. Combine that with the fact that Thai language is gendered (when you are being polite, if you are male you say "khap" and if you are female you say "ka"). Transgendered people tend to switch their formal ending to sentences while toms (who consider themselves female conforming to "western" male norms) do not. 

Also, they do go into saying that Thailand is actually not very accepted, but is getting better, which I appreciate.
i fuck guys in the butt...doesnt mean im gay
In Thailand.  Where boys dress as lady-boy, and female doing crazy shit shooting ping pong balls out of their hoo-haas into a small cup with accuracy....

I don't blame these females... but ehh......
I live in Thailand and I love Toms. Some of them are quite beautiful.
There are huge online communities for "asian tomboys" (there are Vietnamese, chinese and korean tomboys as well). It's so weird to see this on the frontpage, I used to idolize these people so much growing up.
I just want to point out that at the very beginning of the video it says something to the effect of: "Thailand is one of the most accepting countries in the world in regards to sexuality and gender..." When this was stated, I was a little emotionally conflicted because I live here (have friends who are Toms and Gatoey) and see all of this on a daily basis. 

One thing I'd like to point out in response to this video and the statement that I semi-quoted is for people to still think about how *rigid* the idea of gender, as presented in the video, still is. For example, one of the biggest names in the Tom community talked about all of the un-written rules on appearance, sexual etiquette, financial obligation (eg., Tom is expected to be the provider to a hyper-feminine girlfriend), you have to do this, you have to do that, blah blah blah. All of this is a direct reflection of how rigid the rules on masculinity and femininity still are. In other words, it doesn't matter whether or not your were born with a penis or a vagina as long as you fulfill the role and resemble either man OR woman and nothing else. 

I'm not making this statement as a knock on Thailand. I love Thailand and the people even more. Most importantly, my thoughts are not intended to detract from how awesome and brave these Tom are. I'm very happy to see people expressing themselves in a way that makes them feel comfortable in their own skin. However, in order to progress we need to confront the idea that individuals must fulfill certain roles based on their gender. In other words, no one should feel like they HAVE to do anything based on their gender. So long as that is the norm, I don't think you can call any country particularly 'open' in terms of gender and sexuality. 
People are complex or perhaps choose to be. 
TIL im a les king.
To a westerner there isn't much distinction, but there is no chaos over this whatsoever.
We would say that person is full of crap, right, because it is to just flat out be gay.
So lesbians then.
They used amber's pic.  Ehhh.
God damn, some of the commenters are are dense.
why would someone want to be a "one-way giver" which i took to mean as only giving pleasure and never receiving????? 
wew lad
You PC bro?
If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck it's not really a duck unless it's comfortable being called a duck.
I'm so bored of gender. Honestly I don't care who or what adult you shag just stop fucking telling me about it because it bores the fuck out of me and I just don't care. 
Mental illness.
TLDR: They don't like the word lesbian but they are lesbians.
i like this concept, of people being free to identify with w/e gender or style they want.

Where a guy could turn up to work in a dress and people would give no shits.
They are lesbians.
But their reason for not identifying as lesbians is gender roles. Such bullshit. It enforces the idea that men have to take care of women and provide for them. I feel like past your sexual identity and preference you need to break free of gender roles put on us by culture. Next they'll say they don't identify as lesbians because they like cars and play sports.
sexuality is getting too complicated for me
"don't consider themselves" why is "what they consider themselves" even a factor in their labeling?

Downvote me if you must, but let's have an intellectually honest exchange of thought here. 

Gay rights are awesome... rock on guys. But also please understand that you can't reasonably expect society-at-large to completely change their  concept of binary genders based on the philosophy of [3.8% of the total  population] (http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2015-05-22/americans-vastly-overestimate-size-of-lgbt-population) 

Think of it this way.... I am positive that I could find at least 3.8% of the population that have certain values and beliefs that you wouldn't want imposed on your life either. 
I... I don't get it.
Why is gender identification such a big thing in Thailand 
They're just lesbians.
You can say you're not a lesbian if you want but if you date girls you are.

Same way if you fuck guys and you're a guy - you gay.


We have TBs in every country why is this any different?
ITT westerners confused becauses they're finally catching up to the rest of the world with our thousands of years of third gendered people.

Probably don't even know the country with the highest number of transgender surgeries is Iran.
Gay is the new Straight 
I really don't see why you have to identify as anything. 
For more information on the various gender/sexual identities specific to Thailand, see [Transsexual emergence: gender variant identities in Thailand](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22468793). 

*Note: this article is blocked by a paywall. However, if you are a student at a college/university, you can see the full article with your institutional access via your school's library database. 
They will, however, say they have with the opposite as well in a non binary way.
Reminds me a news story I saw a while ago about demographics in poor neighborhoods. Something like 10% of male respondents admit to having sex with another man but claim not to be gay. 
Your feelings are not lesbian at all in a binary system that does cause real harm.
Girls that dress and act masculine and have sex with women but don't consider themselves lesbians...   Mmmhmm, and when I was a kid I was told I could be anything I wanted when I grow up.   So I consider myself a centaur.  Pbbbbttt...
I wonder how much of the fucked up sexuality stuff in Thailand existed before westerners came their way
And in a martian.
If they don't consider themselves trans or lesbian, is it incumbent upon the rest of society to follow suit? Similarly, I do not consider myself to be a douchebag, but I know most people who've met me do consider me a douchebag. Can I use the precedent set out by Toms to fight society's impression of me?
http://i.imgur.com/dNVvntX.gif
Sounds like some attention whores that know how to inspire millions of tumblrinas. 
Tweak loves Craig
Shit bangs, man
That's just fine.

I'm a big supporter of transpeople and trans rights and fair treatment. But I don't think gender roles are a great thing, either, and I think that transgender people would agree.

It's not like not being a traditionally feminine as a women or traditionally masculine as a man, makes you transgender. 

Being as "masculine" as the women here are, doesn't make them or anyone less women. If they identify as women, then they're ciswomen, not transgender.

They're just women who are defying gender roles and gender stereotypes, and like a lot of things considered traditionally "masculine" or presenting or looking in a way that has been considered "masculine" by society.

At least, as far as I can tell, that's what's happening. Correct me if I'm wrong. And I think it's great and wish them all the best. Defying gender roles and stereotypes is a wonderful thing.

**Edit:** Except that apparently, 'Toms' have pressure to conform to traditional masculine gender roles. So, in a way, it also reinforces gender roles and stereotypes by saying "this is masculine and I am masculine, I'm a Tom", rather than dismantling the idea of it. And conforming to a cultural group called "Toms" based on traditionally masculine stereotypes, rather than individuality.

Personally, I find wanting to conform to a stereotype of femininity or masculinity, whatever your identity or assigned gender, rather a bit off putting.

**Edit Edit:** It looks like I'm being downvoted. Which I'm taking as a sign that I just said something very ignorant. If that's true and I said anything transphobic or ignorant in any way, I apologize. And would love to hear your disagreements and learn from them.
Thailand is fucked up.  Ladyboys are only the way they are because they need to make a living to survive.  This has become a ridiculous fad. 
Thailand, land of the freaks
[deleted]
This is less about the westerns fascination with sexual and gender identity (WHY??) and more about economics. Trying to put a label on it is pointless.
Western views on sexuality are the only views on sexuality.
&gt;'Toms' inhabit a unique place on the gender spectrum

Isn't "Tom" just short for "tomboy", a.k.a. boyish girl? Also, there isn't a gender spectrum. You're female or male, no matter how you dress.
i'm against this, and things like this, and i want to put it in the clearest of terms, and i don't want to hurt any feelings.

people who "identify" as a different gender do not seem to be doing so despite the fact that they hate it. i've never seen or heard of a born female "admitting" that she is a male, and then taking some kind of heat for it. Far more often, really the rule, is that you see males or females *converting* to the gender they favor, and when you get right down to it, they seem to be doing so because it favors their sexuality, or what they *desire.*

I've never yet seen a straight male that was burdened by the fact that he identified as female, and therefore was encumbered by the idea, but carried out, that he had better have sex with other males. Never once, and never have you. Again, these are all just people coming out to serve their own needs. 

Do you have feelings that you are male, but trapped, and feel like a girl, for a real, scientific reason, akin to the idea that your genetics went ahead and forged a female brain or identity into a male body? guess what? you are male. Wanna be gay? more power to you, everybody will sing your praises and have parades for you. good for you, seriously. I don't say this to hurt your feelings, I say it to be accurate, and not lie to myself or you. You have testes, you have a penis, your pelvis, bone structure, brain biology, limbic system, calcium bone content, brain structure, muscle density, skin layers, fat percentage, and all the myriad other genetic physical attributes that are unique to males. Show me that you have both genitalia, or hormonal imbalances inherent, then, you're right, you are a special case, and you need special provisions, I'm not out to cheat anyone, or hate anyone at all. 

But you are what you are. You don't think straight females don't *desire* sometimes to just say "i'm a guy," and take all the unfair advantages that come with it?

you don't think straight males don't want to just say " i'm a girl for the next 45 minutes, and walk into the changing room? Why can't they? Because they *desire* it? They are merely serving the same impulse! 

Look, the fact is, the world we live in favors males sometimes, and favors females sometimes. I am not free of this bias, I totally don't feel like having sex with a male. Sometimes, as a girl, you can not work as hard and still not get fired, and sometimes, as a guy, you can be a total shithead and leverage women in the workplace unfairly and get away with it. Life is defnitely unfair. Until things are *exactly* fair, all you are doing is saying, 

"I don't like the hand I was dealt, I'll just invent a new hand."

And who can blame you? If I was born in Tijuana, I'd love to just walk north and declare myself "identifying" as an american. That'd work out awesomely. But the fact is, life isn't fair, and you are not an american. I want you to have a good life, but facts are facts. 

Now if you want to propose the idea that we are all treated really well, I support this sentiment. I simply cannot support the idea that because we are all in a rush to be front of the line for sexual acceptance, we defy *reality.*

If and when I come across compelling scientific proofs that show that there are many, many differing genders, and that one's identity is scientifically quantifiable in a way that shows me i'm wrong, believe me, I'll be  super interested. Until then, really what I see are people trying to find an identity in a world that makes it hard to do so. That's why you have guys that are into Metal, Girls that are into Punk, Teenagers that like poetry, Nerds, etc, people have a tough time properly quantifying their identity so early in life, so they jump into brackets that will serve them best. 

"In 1999, a plane piloted by a Skyway International crew was blocked by French police at the Parisian airport of Le Bourget. The French police discovered the Prince on board with two tons of cocaine. He and his longterm mistress Doris Mangeri were attempting to smuggle the drug from Colombia to Paris. Prosecutors said he used his private plane to transport the drugs. On 10 May 2007, the prince was convicted in absentia and condemned to 10 years imprisonment with 10 associates.[4] His whereabouts are unknown, but he may be in Saudi Arabia, taking advantage of the lack of an extradition treaty between Saudi Arabia and France.[5]"


pretty much sums up everything Saudi Arabia. 
Don't worry, there's lots of room on the "Fuck Saudi Arabia" train.
God these ISIS princes get away with too much. 
Any higher quality video?
The number of times the narrator gives a summery of the story so far is the most irritating thing ever. How short are peoples attention spans that they need to be reminded about what's happening every 5 minutes?
I don't know where else to put this but someone I know actually bought three condos owned by a Saudi Arabian princess in Irvine, Ca after they were put on the market because she was facing criminal charges for human trafficking.

She brought her slaves from Saudi Arabia and kept them in one of the three condos she owned across the hall from her two that she connected by tearing down a wall. She ended up taking her slaves passports, putting them in a safe, and then told them they couldn't do anything otherwise they could go to jail for illegally being in the US.

When her case stared, her charges were dropped. She took her "maids" back to Saudi Arabia where roomer has it, they were executed.

http://www.ocregister.com/articles/alayban-527176-lawyers-defense.html

Bonus: In one of the rooms in her condo, etched into the wall, was the words "I am gay!". It wasn't in a obvious location, but supposedly that was one of her son's rooms. I wonder if he was executed when they went back to Saudi Arabia?
 I wish we - U.S., would just kick Saudi Arabia to the curb. We all know that they're a bunch of hypocrite boozer, womanizing, criminal assholes. 
The real reason the ISIS exists.
Didn't a Saudi Prince get busted recently trying to smuggle drugs onto a plane departing Syria?
be careful or SA will sue you........they have said recently that they plan to sue everyone that compares their beheadings to ISIS. 

Well I dont think thats a good comparison. I think SA should be compared to.......

redacted
How come these dudes haven't been assassinated yet?
You misspelled prick
Who cares about the Saudi prince, he was just the smuggler. Especially when the two Columbian drug lords (the main perpetrators) that authorities were actually able to arrest only recieved a two year sentence. Wtf? 
So many good people have died. My dad used to work in Saudi Arabia and we used to leave the country for summer vacations. I've seen innocent men doing a favour by taking a package on behalf of their friend. The package concealed drugs. These men were working menial jobs to send money home, instead, they were caught with drugs someone else gave them. All of these men were executed. I've seen it at Dhahran airport. Drugs were concealed in a children's toy that no one would suspect. The drugs were intended for princes and the unsuspecting travellers were just pawns. 
I can't wait for energy independence. I can't wait for the day someone can say what Matt Damon says in Syriana, about how they're going to spend all their money and me losers in the dessert again. I've met some nice Arabs but whenever I'm passing through a Middle East country I always have a bad experience and it's because I'm not Arab or white (which is tolerable to them).
These people are some of the most entitled slime in the world. The world would be better off if they died.
From what I understand they have the same justice system as ISIS
Any society with two different law systems is unsustainable 
not all saudis are bad, right?

Bad day to be a Saudi on Reddit apparently. 
Who cares were not gonna do anything about it ..  they are untouchable. 
The difference between the House of Saud and ISIS: http://i.imgur.com/LfjH1y6.jpg 
Pug Trafficking
not all saudis are bad, right?

Touche
They work for El Chapo!
Great documentary!
Trading drugs to finance terrorism should not be so easily [dismissed](http://www.dw.com/en/saudi-prince-charged-with-multi-million-euro-drugs-smuggling-in-lebanon/a-18822374) as a motive.
Death to Saudis worth over $10 USD
Couple of minutes into documentary

Doco: "Could a Saudi prince really be responsible for such a bold crime?"

Me: yes

Close documentary
I seem to be the only one who thinks this, but this documentary moves paaaainfully slowly. the people who were interviewed stretched out all of their statements, commercial breaks seemed to come in every five minutes (requiring a one minute recap), and they sometimes throw in details that don't seem necessary. Could have been done in ~10 minutes instead of 45 minutes.
Fuck Saudi Arabia!! Why we (USA) keep them as an "ally" is beyond me. They push an extreme version of Islam and of the actual terrorists that attacked us 90% were from Saudi!
&amp;nbsp;

Now this asshole is immune from our legal system so he can traffic 2 tons of cocaine at will and generate funds that are off the books.  Easily used for terrorism!  These princes are untouchable even in their own country where anyone else convicted of drug trafficking would be sentenced to death.
&amp;nbsp;

The Saudis are completely shameless and until we (US) stop sucking the tit of their oil empire, nothing will change!
Those Cyclops bros though...
Saudi is way worse than ISIS.
Why are we allies with the terrorist nation, Saudi Arabia?
Saudia Arabia is Isis.
Drug Trafficking?  That's not ISIS like of them at all.  Saudi's must be losing their touch.  [Oh wait](http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/622070/underground-ISIS-lair-US-made-guns-and-drugs-Raqqa-bomb-campaign).  You almost got me!
I feel like that could have been sumed up in 20 minutes not 40..
is there any yt documentary that is above 240p?
Hypocrisy at its finest 
I hope that one day we can bleed these pieces of shit dry by moving off of their oil.  They are the true enemies of the West. 
Filthy fucking Saudi hypocrite FUCKS! Oh btw #SaudiArabiaisISIS
these people are the scum of the earth 
It's funny how the "legalize all drugs now" rhetoric changes when it's a Saudi doing the trafficking.
We should just nuke that place. 
Isis traffics drugs to fund their activities and pep up their troops.  Gosh, Isis sure is like Saudi Arabia; their hypocrisy runs thick. 
[deleted]
Unfortunately, I am from that place where most of these women are from. I visited Varanasi/Mathura once, it was a terrible feeling. If you guys have seen the movie, Benhur, where all patients with TB (or something) were kept, separated from rest of their family...that place I felt in same way. Worst thing, lot of these ladies belongs to families of well educated people. They had a descent life in past but as you know, calling some one educated b'cos he can read or shout is wrong. The family of these women are heartless dirt of the society.
The title is misleading and made to be sensational. Burning of widows happened once in last 50 years. 
20+ year well-traveled resident of India here. The title is overly sensationalized. The cremation part is outdated and no different than equivalent concepts of witch-hunting and targeted lynching in the west during that same era. The entire world has moved on since then. Apparently, this documentary hasn't. As for having them leave the family - totally believable. But to say that it only happens to widows, is misleading. Go to the poorest parts of any country, you'll always find entertaining stuff to make documentaries on.
I really hate when titles are misleading. 

Here is the actual story. I'll TL;DR it:

ONE kingdom in India (before it was a nation) was being seized by a invading Muslim king. Instead of becoming the property of that Muslim lord, the princess burns herself after her husband (the King) is killed. In that specific region of India (very SMALL region), widows burn themselves after their husbands die because they see it as HONOR because of that history. 

Please don't generalize India as this horrible, horrible place.
This gets more and more weird.  While there was Sati, it was not a Hindu custom or even a religious custom.  It was in response to a lot of Islamic invaders practice of rape and pillage.  What's even more weird is that the impression it was widespread when it clearly was not.

A quick scan of all south Indian literature covering death, wars and other macabre tales bring no mention of Sati in any of its local variants.  Quite how this location specific Sati acts took a pan Indian outlook beats me.  I  pretty much ascribe it to the missionary exaggerations of Indian customs in their notes on Hindu culture.   I remember one description of  Jagannath Yatra( Juggernaut comes from it) where it talks about scores of people getting crushed under the wheels of the Chariot.  There's actually nothing of that sort which happened.  There isn't anything in the local literature that describes people voluntarily/involuntarily willing to get run over by the Yatra chariot.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ratha-Yatra 
It is like you pick a example of  very extreme case,and make it look like very common situation. 
Since 1829 there is law in India for protection of widows.
Perfect! another atrocity literature with lies and half truth. If any one dares try to point out the wrong information in it, reddit will down vote and bury that comment.  


Like a few weeks ago one story about village council telling women to be raped which reddit upvoted turned out be false. Reddit just upvoted thinking that really happened based on half baked article. While the counter story which showed that no such thing happened after investigation will never get such attention. 


I have seen these type of thing happen many times. Go on reddit believe these lies  and halftruths , and if anyone tries to show the real truth downvote him , people of reddit has a habbit of making boston bomber instead of researching to find the truth. 

I have been seeing in past two years of article based on lies which make India look bad poping  with higher intensity. I won't evn bother to point out the lies used . Reddit will just downvote it . Reddit thinks Indian are supposed to lack humanity and rape women, burn them , throw widow out, think women are property, instead of having common sense , humanity . People don't even understand how much Indian love their mother reddit just think Indian are supposed to be inferior. . Go on reddit keep believing, dont care about the truth, if someone wrote an article or if came on tv it must be true. 
Wow! What a poor way to stereotype India, Sati is a practice that was originally practiced when slave trade was on going, it was irradiated a long time ago. Obviously everyone faces burden. But this is such a poor statement only leading to a negative stereotype of India
Firstly, Sati (Burning widows), was abolished long time ago, i don't think so it happens anymore, just like witch hunting and killing innocent women accused of witchcraft, or lynching of black people by whites doesn't happen anymore.

Secondly no Hindu scriptures says you have to burned if your husband dies, it was a practice done by women themselves without being forced to do it, because in ancient India, when a woman marries a man, she submit her whole life to the husband (in old times husband were literally considered god to their wive also called pati-parmaswarem).

Another reason widow would throw themselves on the pyre of their dead husband, in ancient Rajput kingdom, when they rajputs would loose in a battle, their opponents would capture their territory and take the wives and children as slave, to escape being slaves , the women would literally jump on their husband's pyre, because they had submit their whole existence to their husband, and they had no reason to exist if their god, the husband dies.

As i already said this thing doesn't happen anymore (just like witch hunting/ Lynching blacks do not happen).
Please stop making negative assumption about other culture that you do not have any idea about.
It's like one of the smaller, weirder Game of Thrones kingdoms playing out right there.
Seems like the whole "getting burned alive" thing would take some of the allure away from getting married. 
How is it a country that is known for an unwillingness to kill cows because, reasons, is also OK with burning an old woman to death because, why?  

I don't care what your belief system is. This just goes against basic hard-coded human empathy. An community that abuses women like this is populated by monsters.
Another day, another foriegn funded/produced/directed anti-India documentary hiding behind "human rights". 
Fuck religion and fuck tribal thinking. One in the same.
So you spend a lot of time with someone, a member of your family, get to know them, share your life with them. And one day their partner dies. After this tragic event, you think fuck them and kick them out onto the street.  Wtf? What sort of person thinks like this? Not sure if like this because they are poor, or poor because they are like this.
India is scary.
The opposite thing happens in the USA, except its when a divorce occurs and the male can't keep up with everything they need to do in order to mooch off the government. 
Read it as “windows“ first, much confuse.
Red vest guy, what a fucking hero.
I'll take the good ole USA any day!
Another day, another foriegn funded/produced/directed anti-India documentary hiding behind "human rights". 
I thought it said Windows were a burden. I was trying to figure out why they were burning windows. LOL
I am not a smart man.

Yet another shitty idea from the shit culture of some shit people from a shit country that does shit fuck-all to advance Humanity.

This message brought to you by the *I hate all religions equally foundation*.
Now, I am not in *any way* condoning this, but Judith Halberstam has an interesting theoretical reading of this practice that challenges Western assumptions that life sustained against it's will is not really very empowering for these women in the same sense that burning women alive is also not very empowering. Again, this goes against my own beliefs of human and women's rights, but there is a reasonable cultural argument to be made that perhaps forcing women to live against their wills when they desire death is wrong. 
My father thought he did right by me by trying to find the best husband ever.That didn't work out. What my father did right was educate me! I've never had to pay rent or food or medicine with my body. My father is my hero. 
EVERY time I learn something new about India, I think that India sucks more.
Deepah Mehta made a great film called [Water](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Water_(2005_film))about widows. It was so controversial, she had to move production to Sri Lanka . The young star she hired didn't speak Hindi and had to learn her lines phonetically. 
Oscar nominated movie WATER tells this story. Although we shot it in Sri Lanka, the story could have taken place anywhere in India. 
Most Indian Men are Misogynists.
how can one even think about putting their mother on the street.. nasty ass motherfuckers 
I'll take the good ole USA any day!
Jesus... India sounds effing terrible... 
Been learning a lot of disturbing things about Indian culture lately :(. 
India is a nasty shithole. Marital rape is legal and it is the most dangerous country in the world for a woman to visit. The "people" there are discriminating, disgusting retards, who shit in the streets and throw their garbage anywhere and everywhere. Their cities look like giant rats' nests.
india is the biggest shithole on the planet. 
India is a disgusting shithole.
Amazing how in a world with so much riches, technology etc...that these weird cultural practices still endure.
If the SJWs want to make a difference then why don't they go to India, or any other shithole, and fight for women's rights there? It seems to be they would have more of an impact there than complaining about the temperature in the office or cat calls from douches. 
what a fucked up country
But are these Indian women aware that women are spoken to by men on the street in the west? 

I mean obviously they should consider themselves lucky.
As always India never fails to embarass me 
The price of economic equality and overpopulation.
It's OK , because they have sent a probe to Mars, priorities people.
Seriously have to suck to be a woman in india unless your from an educated family.
Uplifting.
“What Do You Think of Western Civilization?”   

“I Think It Would Be a Good Idea”  

- Ghandi
Coincidentally, I'm going to a fundraiser to raise money for a program that helps the widows of India next week. A friend of mine for me involved two years ago. 

This still happens, and its mainly because India is a very large, very diverse, and very unequal nation. 
"What good things have happened in your life?"   ".....I prayed"

That right there is the best quote for teaching religion. Why does it exist? People felt shit and the only way to cope was to make "happy" things up. Such a sad concept.
Fucking India.
&gt;Be it so. This burning of widows is your custom; prepare the funeral pile. But my nation has also a custom. When men burn women alive we hang them, and confiscate all their property. My carpenters shall therefore erect gibbets on which to hang all concerned when the widow is consumed. Let us all act according to national customs.

-[Charles James Napier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_James_Napier#Service_in_India) 
Man, whenever I think my country, the US is fucked up. All I have to do is watch a few documentaries from around the world and I feel much better. 
[deleted]
Sucks to be Indian 
are these people even human
Brown People 
dang I would take that 18-yr-old widow
hah, burned with their husbands because they are a burden on society. ~~GENDER EQUALITY~~
I like how the Innovation department decided to make a solar powered CD player...
[They're making George Forman grills](http://puu.sh/leczg.jpg), at least one model.

Edit: They're also making [Oster clothing irons](http://puu.sh/led7r.jpg). Just interesting to note about what they're making, I stopped watching around 17:25.
TIL that Chinese "Factory City" workers' biggest concerns include making their mothers proud, the amount of meat in their lunch, and me not burning myself with a 5 dollar grill.

Can't decide if heaven or a facade for one of the most cutthroat and fearful working conditions aside from working in a Chinese mine.  
Edward Burtynsky's award winning documentary Manufactured Landscapes features this place - if you haven't seen it, do yourself a favour and give it a go! 

http://www.edwardburtynsky.com/site_contents/Films/Manufactured_Landscapes_Film.html
for people wonder why this place seems happy and lets bbc in and why foxcon is shitty and shields everyone from finding out

its the density

http://www.cnet.com/news/just-how-big-is-foxconn/http://www.cnet.com/news/just-how-big-is-foxconn/

500,000 employees:The number of workers at Foxconn's Shenzhen facilities alone. "Foxconn city" covers 1.16 square miles

vs eupa

17000 in "size of Monaco" (as said in doc) which is 0.78 square miles

wonder why one place has suicide nets and other lets the bbc to go in and make a doc?
This is some Shadowrun-tier stuff.
Hey, OP:  The proper title and production year are prominently displayed on the opening frames of this video.
Seems like a manufactured documentary with manufactured reality tv style drama as well. No need for it, would've been interesting enough on its own to learn about the complex. 
Can anyone find more information on the company, EUPA? I'm not finding much on Google.
A solar powered CD player... someone is getting fired
idk why the kids going to the factory school with a factory uniform shocked me the most. their entire life is sorrounded with the factory. it reminds me of the mega corporations of cyberpunk novels.



you can also see the meth stains on the teeth of one manager, it must be a brutal environment 
The documentary makes it seem like the employees are happy to work there. But from articles online, the employees work much more than 40 hours per week. They get 1 day off per month. The company keeps their first 2 months worth of paychecks. Employees are not allowed to quit unless the company gives consent (the company literally owns these people similarly to slavery). And the company withdraws pay for breaking trivial rules, such as talking while on the job and taking bathroom breaks.
Where in China is this located? I'd like to see a satellite image. 
It says "February 19th 2009" on the very first frame, not 2015.
Thanks for sharing this documentary...fascinating. Hard to tell what was truth and what was fiction in this very managed news presentation.
I admire their hard work. A lot of people in the west would say a lot of negative things about China, however, I think their culture is as admiring as their long history stretching back with the Dynasties.
A bit of propaganda, but very interesting.

The food segment surprised me the most.  While I get the whole competition angle, I am surprised that they don't just build gigantic cafeterias and then they'd have more quality control.

By making the restaurants independent, you will have the cost cutting/corner cutting that results in the tiny bit of meat seen on the entree.

Sure, there is oversight, but still - you tightly control their work, their housing, but you leave food to 5 outside entities?
I have one of those iron 
Welcome to Costco, I love you. 
I wonder what happens when the workers get older 
If you are allowed into a factory in China to make a documentary you can be VERY sure that it has been cleaned from top to bottom, no one there will be allowed to say anything bad adn you will only be allowed into one of the factories the CCP uses for PR purposes. 

If you honestly want to see what factory life in China is like, go to China and see it. I was there for 10 years and most of those in factories are treated horrifically. 
http://youtu.be/RDrfE9I8_hs
george orewell 1984. someone mention union while there then do the documentary 
That couple was unusually cute. 
3 minutes in and I have heard the same phrase 3 times. No thank you!
This scares me so much. I find it really freaky that people will be so absorbed by their company that they'll get married inside it like it's something to be proud of.
this is weird... i can't say if this is a propaganda piece for the company that owns the factory and if everything shown is staged, or if this is real. it seems too perfect. i smell north korean style bullshit for tourists to not feel bad to buy products from there. i wish vice would do a piece on that... 

i no longer would consider this a "documentation" after watching almost of all of it... if it isn't propaganda i want solid proof of that. it all looks extremely staged. even the upvotes for the reddit thread itself look suspicious..
Does anyone have recommendations for other slice-of-life-esque documentaries about China, and more generally other East Asian countries? I enjoyed this one and also an older BBC doc about Chinese schools, so that's kind of what I'm looking for.
This looks like detroit did in the 1950's except the suburbs and a new chevy in everydrive way. With the loss of factories overseas theres a waste land of abandoned factories that were large like this one all over the midwest. Heck go to any major city and you'll see old factories turned into luxury lofts that were downtown in the city. 

China is basically turning into what the US once was. The Us is ???? I don't know, what do you call mass unemployment and low paying service jobs?
Looks very stage managed.
So dystopian.
People like to pick on China, but seriously, they love and live just like all of us do. They have entered the industrial/tech world just like we all have. With change comes a hard look from within. Only those that experience a similar within can understand it. China is a beautiful country and culture. They'll do just fine. 
What a nightmare.

This is what the future of the U.S. will look like soon. Reminds me of Neil Stephenson's "Snow Crash". The corporations are our new government.
Very interesting. Definitely a contrast to the iPhone 'slave camps' you hear about. These workers look pretty happy.
They need a shitload of these by the deserts in the Midwest.
I wonder if the products say "handmade" next to "in China". Probably not...
Where in China is this located? I'd like to see a satellite image. 
Does the world really need that many irons?  I bought one maybe 20 years ago and still use it.  The one my mother uses is probably older than that.  People hand those things down to their grand kids.  Those things don't look all that recycleable to me either.  That is a lot of future garbage that is never going to bio degrade.
In the 17-18 hundreds England was called the workshop of the world.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/marshallbrain] [Made in China: Factory of the World (2015) - Very interesting documentary about a manufacturing company in China that is the size of an entire city. : Documentaries](https://np.reddit.com/r/MarshallBrain/comments/3s2x8g/made_in_china_factory_of_the_world_2015_very/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Or do companies LIKE to hire people in the US, you have to be doing this, for the rest of your life.
In China, Capitalism looks a lot like Communism.
China: very good at making things.  
USA: very good at making videos about Chinese people making things. 
I know this little propaganda piece was meant to inspire awe and shit... But this was 45 minutes of screaming horror.

I did not see a single goddamn thing they did which robots could not do better for cheaper.
The kids have to PAY TUITION to go to their horseshit "history of the iron" school and be used as slave labor? Wow.
There are towns in the US with schools sponsored by tech companies that specialize in STEM and basically prep the kids for jobs in the company.  It's that or prison.
There are towns in the US with schools sponsored by tech companies that specialize in STEM and basically prep the kids for jobs in the company.  It's that or prison.
not sure if writing prompt for a dystopian sci fi novel
Don't forget to use that upbeat music in a documentary when they start turning out bullets and bombs that rain down on your town.
This doc reminds me to buy local, learn more about the way the world actually works, and listen less to the partisan MSM that serves only to cloak our eyes from the reality all around us.
If I have to supervise 800 workers spanning over 30 different assembly lines, I'd be asking for a $100k+ salary.  
Before anyone starts hating I hope you realize that without EUPA they could be off worse, while I am not advocating for the company I am trying to say that these people would be nowhere without the company even if they do treat them really horribly. 
You could never making this work anywhere other than Asia.  Asians seem to feel a lot more comfortable with this sort of an environment compared to westerners.
You could never making this work anywhere other than Asia.  Asians seem to feel a lot more comfortable with this sort of an environment compared to westerners.
Maybe just me but I just get that something is off about the people being interviewed in this Doc, just seems to "clean" for something we all know is pretty dirty!
What a nightmare world. What is going to happen to all these people after robotics get better?
This is a six year old documentary... nothing new and most likely out of date.
Holy damn!
george orewell 1984. someone mention union while there then do the documentary 
So, basically, they've copied Henry Ford's city from the 20s.
Did anybody else see all those yellow shirts and think [this](http://bullcityevents.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Check-in-minion.jpg) ?
you see how in-shape these people are? it is because their government doesn't just hand them checks. if one family member is disabled, the other family has to pick up the slack.

You could never make this work anywhere other than Asia.  Asians seem to feel a lot more comfortable with this sort of an environment compared to westerners.  I think they also tend to be better at large factory redundant tasks.  

Oh...and then there is the whole working for peanuts thing.
Stacked side by side those grills would "span the Atlantic from New York to London".

He accidentally a country.
I really liked this when I saw it. Everyone in it changes so much over the time it was filmed, including Kumare. 
I adore this doc! It's a perfect mix of cynicism ("Don't trust gurus!") and hopefulness ("You had the power within yourself all along"). 
**SPOILERS BELOW**

I thought it was pretty interesting when they showed how much trouble he was having revealing his real identity. That must've been soooo difficult, and I'm sure a part of him wanted to just cut the doc and leave without saying anything.
"The magic was inside you all along"! 
How to start a cult: an instructional film
I watched this some time ago on Netflix. It made me profoundly uncomfortable to watch all of these people have wool pulled over their eyes. While this documentary ends with the followers (or whatever) being told the truth, in reality stuff like this does happen and it sometimes ends in tragedy for the victims after they've donated large sums of money to the fake religious organization.

Kumare could have been a very dry look at the way that cults and scam religious organizations work, but the filmmakers instead gave us a very personal view. While that makes it very subjective, it does a great job of engaging viewers and offering the gut-punch that's often required to open people's eyes. 

I highly recommend watching it if you ever wonder what it's like to be a cult leader.
Awesome, awesome doc. 
Just if anyone is looking for it without the potato quality, it is on Netflix too.  Bonus:  No polish subtitles. Beautiful doc though.
&gt;This symbol it is your religion symbol?

&gt;No no, it's just Micky Mouse.
Fun fact : this guy (Vikram Gandhi) works for Vice now.
This was such an amazing documentary—thank you for sharing it. I'm having a difficult time with the recent realisation that I was raised in a cult, and that its foundation is completely fabricated. I'm glad to know I'm not the only one fooled by confirmation biases and false emotions. Critical thinking is such a necessity. Question everything—don't be a sheep.
[deleted]
I watched this a couple of years ago - it's awesome and very surprising at the end.
I had forgotten I watched this.  It's excellent timing of being posted here since all my Facebook friends are sharing that link about some study that says people who blindly put faith in inspirational quotes are "stupid."  Haven't read the link or anything else about said study, but this documentary is really fascinating!
An old friend of mine lived hard. Lots of drinking and drugs. She got her shit together and eventually started practicing yoga. Fast forward 7 years and she's a devoted follower of [this guy](http://youtu.be/72bnXJZlIDU) that can allegedly control the weather with his crappy guitar playing amongst other skills. It appears that she's one of a small group of women that worship him. Good times. 
This movie still made me tear up in exactly the same way a powerful 'spiritual' movie might have done.﻿
So many attractive women , i wonder how often this guy got offered sex
I used to live in this area of Arizona and actually took yoga classes from the yoga teacher that got duped in this documentary. I recall getting emails from that time period about a special guest coming to teach (I'm guessing it was "kumare") and when I watched this I was cracking up. So happy I only do yoga for the fitness aspect of it.
Some people are saying this is stupid, fake and mean. However I find that everyone has their own spiritual walk with faith. If it works for them then let it be. I mean some people found hope and even followed him in the end. It think that's important. You don't have to be a true guru or preacher to lead to help someone. 
I've got the feeling it's meta : What if all the disciples actually are actors and we are the one getting fooled, as in "you shouldn't trust that easily documentaries".
One of the best documentaries I have ever seen. I recommend also listening to the podcast interview the creator of Kumare does with comedian/actor Pete Holmes on his podcast You Made It Weird.

http://nerdist.com/you-made-it-weird-147-vikram-gandhi/
Whoa. Wrong doc to open if you are going for the old 'late-night-reddit-quick-peek-a-boo' 

...aaaaand now it's morning.
I watched this guy awhile ago. Faith -no matter what in- is incredibly powerful. 

 It's so interesting to see how much his followers truly trust him and contribute their success to him. Go watch the damn thing(little spoiler) but I think my favorite moment is his followers do realize that it was their determination that made them progress and they take this experience and continue to grow. Second, the one guy who furiously rolls up his yoga mat pissed off as hell who will never bend over in downward facing dog position for anyone again. This being another big point in this film- don't blindly believe. Not everyone wants to help you find the light, some just want to hold a sociological experiment. 
Awesome documentary.  

One reason he might have been so successful at attracting loyal followers is that he apparently did not ask for money from anyone.  Nor did he seek or accept sexual favors from his female followers, although several were clearly throwing themselves at him, ripe for picking. These together likely added to his perceived legitimacy.


I kinda want an AMA with someone from this documentary
Gurus in North America are here to make money off of ignorance. I refuse to trust any of them, it's a huge scam.

Source: I'm a Hindu of East Indian descent living in North America.
I think about this movie's message from time to time and it really gives me a boost of confidence.  It could have very easily been mean spirited but it thankfully did not go that route.
Awesome documentary!
Thank you.
An allllll time favorite of mine, being a yoga 'n meditate kinda dude
one of my favorite movies, regardless of genre.
This reminds me of an Indian book; 'He Who Rides a Tiger' by Bhabani Bhattacharya. It's about a poor village metal worker who is not getting any work due to the depression which has just followed the war. He then pretends to be a spiritual leader in order to acquire food for him and his daughter, but his following keeps on getting bigger, and so it becomes harder to leave it all as the severity of the repercussions start to increase (It says in the books that the Indian caste system means that spiritual leaders are only ever born from certain families, and not just anyone can be one). There are many similar themes between the two, and a great message which questions the responsibility such spiritual leaders have in influencing followers.
I met the young woman in this film at Bonnaroo Music Festival in 2013 during a lackluster Passion Pit set. She was friendly and kind and told me about this film she was in. As a film major and frisky young man, I was very delighted to have her speak to me. However I was higher than a kite on a mountain and couldn't hold a conversation or a coherent train of thought. She was clearly interested but I was unable to flirt or really even talk like a normal person so I exited the situation as soon as the set was over. But it made me realize I may have a problem and prompted me to cut back on my weed smoking tenfold because I never wanted to miss an opportunity with a pretty girl like her again on account of my drug use. I'll still smoke on a rare occasion like the time I went to a Phish concert, because "when in Rome", but I still thank her for setting a better life course, even tho it wasn't her intention. I am indebted to her and I am very thankful to have met her on that beautiful June day.
Other videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3vhzf0?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Ancient Wisdom in Modern Times - Deepak Chopra and Sadhguru, moderated by Ms. Chandrika Tandon](https://youtube.com/watch?v=WMhJgdpj1d0)|[28](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxnzti5?context=10#cxnzti5) - Point is to not trust just any guru. Gautam buddh was also a guru, so was swami Vivekananda. There&amp;#39;s a world of a difference between these and the frauds. Guru means teacher and a good teacher always tells you to believe in yourself and your ...
[PT SPEAKS ~ BREAKING OUT OF THE MATRIX ~ ParT 1 ~ the AVATAR ...](https://youtube.com/watch?v=72bnXJZlIDU)|[17](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxnve7i?context=10#cxnve7i) - An old friend of mine lived hard. Lots of drinking and drugs. She got her shit together and eventually started practicing yoga. Fast forward 7 years and she&amp;#39;s a devoted follower of this guy that can allegedly control the weather with his crap...
[Stan Bush - You've Got The Touch!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=HiAG-xxOnDw)|[15](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxnxyjm?context=10#cxnxyjm) - &amp;quot;You&amp;#39;ve got the touch, you&amp;#39;ve got the power!&amp;quot; 
[XTC - Garden of Earthly Delights [HQ]](https://youtube.com/watch?v=z1Sx4GJWtUQ)|[10](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxnzezr?context=10#cxnzezr) - I was raised as a Jehovah&amp;#39;s Witness. I can completely understand where you&amp;#39;re coming from.  It does get better. Do what you have to do to shake the patterns, but don&amp;#39;t self-destruct in the process. You will always have a uniqu...
[Jiddu Krishnamurti - You yourself are The Teacher](https://youtube.com/watch?v=azCNNudflFk&amp;t=124s)|[6](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxo10qh?context=10#cxo10qh) - Yea this idea is essentially Krishnamurti&amp;#39;s teachings straight of, although I don&amp;#39;t think it&amp;#39;s intentional, and in the end, no-one owns a philosophy.  You yourself are the teacher 
[Mind Control Made Easy by Carey Burtt (HQ)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=EJfm71I0OyU)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxoap6h?context=10#cxoap6h) - reminded me of this:   
[Derren Brown Messiah](https://vimeo.com/46045821)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxnzvrc?context=10#cxnzvrc) - Check out Derren Brown&amp;#39;s &amp;#39;messiah&amp;#39;.. He&amp;#39;s an excellent mind trickster who tries something similar:   
[Space Tree 28: Commander in a Dress](https://youtube.com/watch?v=YxKSkRtdWY0&amp;t=83s)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxnxwro?context=10#cxnxwro) - &amp;quot;You had the power within you the whole time.&amp;quot; 
[Eddie Murphy in the monastery - A Thousand Words(2012)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=DYBDajOKPBE)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxo6k7e?context=10#cxo6k7e) -  
[the touch](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3C9Bng7NPPY)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxo3iez?context=10#cxo3iez) -  
[AUTHORITY IS AN ILLUSION](https://youtube.com/watch?v=lmVadrAg35Q)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxo2hwi?context=10#cxo2hwi) - As long as you see yourself as a citizen of a country you&amp;#39;re still part of a cult. This is silly but it&amp;#39;s the truth.  
[Freaks and Geeks Episode 11 "Looks and Books" Full](https://youtube.com/watch?v=fm0z4Kvy_o4&amp;t=2207s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3vhzf0/_/cxo5hv4?context=10#cxo5hv4) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
The way these people worship him reminds me of how my coworkers seem to worship managment. Gets a little surreal.
Anyone who has properly studied the more esoteric traditions, namely Advaita vedanta, the Tibetan canon, Japanese zen, or the Upanishads will know that far from being a bait and switch con game, these are genuinely profound phenomenological contemplative traditions, which rival the intellectual rigor required to tackle something like Gestalt psychotherapy, existentialist philosophy, or western phenomenology.

For all the completely legitimate criticisms this doc makes of your average run of the mill Indian sadu/guru and eastern spiritual teachers in general, it also employs a kind of over simplifyied, atheo-scientific reductionism - I.e. "All spiritual teachers are bullshit!  There is nothing to be learned, there is no higher or lower development of interior states, just do your own thing and you WILL be better off than anyone who takes on any form of spiritual practice!"

See the west has a million feel-good faux-enlightened boomer nitwits who vaugly quote the eastern wisdom traditions to support the most superficial and pragmatic interpretations possible, mixed with the presence of dogmatic cults like Scientology, fundamentalist Protestantism, etc - so of course the majority of Americans assume all eastern gurus are completely full of the same shit.   

If you genuinely think there are no lower or higher stages of cognitive development, you should probably do yourself a favor and look up [Piaget's 4 cross-cultural stages of cognitive development](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piaget%27s_theory_of_cognitive_development).   The esoteric phenomenology of the eastern wisdom traditions just push the same game further.
The premise reminds me of the excellent [Marjoe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marjoe). From wikipedia:

&gt;Marjoe is a 1972 American documentary film produced and directed by Howard Smith and Sarah Kernochan about the life of evangelist Marjoe Gortner

I'll have to check this out.
"There is no secret ingredient" -Po
"Happiness is inside you"
Solid Doc. 
This movie/documentary is amazing.
Greatest teaching of all:

You all everybody
I liked it but didn't like the part where this guy suddenly felt bad.

I mean, he knew what he was getting into.

It just didn't seem sincere.
This was actually truly inspiring. What a wonderful documentary with some serious moral dilemmas posed and some cold hard truths exposed. All in an inspiring and thoughtful way. Great doco, would recommend to anyone.
Came for the Kumare, stayed for the Kumare Kumare.  
At first I thought this was a bit clever.  Then I realized that he didn't do anything that amazing since the people were already believers. He just filled in the spot. If he had turned people from your average joe to die hard followers of him it would've been more of a success I feel.
The little rascal. 
Just watched it - absolutely fantastic! 

Thanks for posting! 
I spent some time with people a lot like you see featured in the film. It's easy to mock them for their beliefs, as they do seem a bit 'out there' (don't get me started on crystals).

In all honesty the new age people are some of the kindest people I have ever met. They helped me through a dark time in my life. It's really humbling to see people come together and be as helpful and welcoming. 
Croatian subtitles video that is not on r/Croatia, I'm trippin .
I remember a lot of people receiving this movie as a little cruel when it came out - I personally haven't seen it yet but it seems fascinating
I've tried watching this a few times but never got past 5 minutes because I thought it would be really mean spirited. Finally powered through and I'm glad I did. 
this is an important watch on so many levels. I personally enjoy seeing how easily people have been trained to put faith into something so long as it 'looks' how they imagine. This guy throws on some robes in the park and has women popping out cleavage doing yoga stretches with him and it seems like all he had to do was walk around a little bit. if like a white guy tried that it probably wouldn't work out so good.
This was really good, I know a lot of people who have fallen for this kind of stuff. 
Tried to watch this a while back and couldn't finish it. I felt sad that there are so many foolish people out there. Not because they were duped per say but just because they are so eager to believe in something. Then there were the people who seemed to be looking for some kind of validation like, "look at me and how well I understand spirituality, don't you think I'm awesome". Ugh. 
I've just watched this on Netflix. I think the doc has some real strenghts but misses the most important point: psychological manipulation. In the end all these people think Vikram is some sort of a guru anyways, and they didn't learn the real lesson, which is that they are extremely easily impressionable people.
Kumare cured my cancer. Of course hE diagnosed and cured me, priase Kumare!
This documentary: people believe you when you lie to them.
Kumare, Master Troll!
It's also available on the US Netflix in HD, for those who want to watch it.
Great doc
Excellent doc, so well rounded!
Great documentary. The reveal at the end was a bit hamfisted imo, but it got the reaction they wanted.
I am the love guru
I thought Mike Myers did this.
Great documentary.
Beautiful... For many, life is so hard and complex... we need a guru, even a fake one. I wonder what the other gurus  thought of the whole experiment...
Some should do this w regards to anti vax and exclusively treat ing things w holistic methods..
This was great!  Have my upvote! 
Great documentary. The reveal at the end was a bit hamfisted imo, but it got the reaction they wanted.
What a spoof on the guru trip!    Fantastic!    All these teachers are so heavily affected by playing that role.    Its kind of sick really,  in too many cases it turns to disaster.
“I took gotham’s white knight and I brought ‘im down to our level. Madness, as you know, is a lot like gravity, all it takes is a little push. ”
Wait... this guy is the real deal. Even when he reveals it "I am not who you think I am. I am just a simple man".

Fake guru. Real man. No wonder he helped people so much along the making of this docu.
One of my favorite docu's

How does it end?  After trying very hard for days to convince everyone it was a ruse, nobody believes him and they think it's all a test of faith and he just says fuck-it and owns his new life?
A person who always lies but is willing to admit that he apparently did not even learn how to find out the emperor has no clothes.
Saving this
“Not all those who wander are lost.” J.R.R.T.
Great documentary, thank you for sharing.
It's been done many times before, admittedly or secretively. The people will refuse to accept this newfound information. That's how many of the great religions got started!For example, reptilian beings, virgin births, etc. It's all been done before, ad nauseum!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYBDajOKPBE
I watched this last month, and i loved it. It's a little frustrating to watch if you're already of the belief that a lot of these types of "gurus" are usually out of money and use vulnerable people, but it's pretty mindblowing how far he can really take it.

The end is the most upsetting, largely because while some "get his message", a good number do not, and go on to just find another "guru". It really came down to the community those people were getting from him, and just looked for it somewhere else - which is ironic largely because these people are apparently into "looking into and understanding themselves"
The biggest thing I got out of the blue, some you're familiar with, some are new.
I almost cried at the end when he just couldn't tell the people who all trusted him so much that he wasn't who he said he was. I'm happy that most of the people still took what he taught them and changed themselves for the better and that they really understood his message, although I really feel bad for those who felt so betrayed.
That was pretty emotional. 
seen it like 5 times. amazing amazing social experiment that turns into something wayyyy bigger
nicely done.. the process was good in making everyone charge of their life ... 
This was amazing, and so well done! Why isn't this more well known!! I'd so rather watch this over another one of Morgan Spurlock's, half-assed, 30 min documentaries that says very little and inspires even less!
"It was just water...the WHOLE time"
Anyone wants to start a new spiritual movement, PM me.
Fascinating!
Sounds similar to what Derren Brown did with faith healing.
Best part is when, after the reveal at the end, some people remain in denial.

-He's testing us, Kumaré is real, I still believe in him
-He really does have power, I feel it, even if he doesn't know it

Others got really angry and just up and left. It was great.
That symbol he draws on their foreheads looks too much like a penis.
that is some great lesson  to be learnt 
Some of that hurt to watch
Kind of reminded me at first of a recent comedy movie called "The Guru", only a lot better to see how it would really play out. So at least worth watching the unveiling at the end-- "But you do have some psychic powers," a follower insists after he reveals he's just Vikram from New Jersey. 
This is the scariest documentary I have ever watched.
I was a few years late to this party.. but I finally experienced the divine and provocative intervention of Kumare! Not easy to watch, at all, and not suited for everyone... Especially if you hard time with awkward and uncomfortable scenes.. But the payoff is awesome. It is as if Nathan Fielder, Sasha Baron Cohen, Bill Maher, and Penn&amp;Teller had a love child ... and blessed us with film maker Vikram Gandhi, aka Guru Kumare. 
Just wow, how didn't I know about this?
Turns out humans really really like beleiving in stuff like this.

Easily too.

Now if we could just get people to take this one step further and turn lightbulbs on about organized religion in general.
Around 22:00, the guy with the floor polisher.. I totally lost it.
Is the greatest teaching not to trust people who claim to be prophets and other obvious bullshit? 
I died when the lady at 18:20 said "I feel archangel Medatron"
This documentary is definitely one that sticks with you.  My thoughts keep returning to the woman who walked out, and what was going through her mind.

I personally took a whole lot from this and it's taught me a lot about how valuable we all could be to each other if seen through a different lens.  But, man, I could really see this causing trust issues for some people for life.
All the pitiful hate-spreading skeptics are like "see, see?"

The audience who knows how to reflect and lead an examined life gave absolutely know fucks.
I wonder how much Vikram made from these netflix sales.
One aspect that hasn't been discussed: "Kumare" took on an Indian-sounding accent with his followers, and claimed to be from India, not New Jersey.  Why do we expect that a guru will come from afar, rather than amongst us? 
This movie is great.  It's really interesting because it looks at the how stupid and gullible people can be... but paints it in a very sympathetic and understanding light.

Like, you want to shake some of these people by the shoulders and scream at them, "Jesus, how can you be so damn gullible?!"  But as you see them, fragile, hurt, isolated, longing for acceptance and community, you really can't help but feel sorry for them.  

It's a funny movie, but also a good portrait at the human desire to believe in something, anything, even if it's stupid and silly.
This movie is the definition of a troll in falsely leading people and deceiving them very well done, but another great documentary that reveals misconceptions in misleading people that I saw on netflix  is 'an honest liar'
Sounds like the plot to a Rob Schneider film. 
I feel like crying watching some of the people,  they are looking for something that nobody really found or will ever be able to find, at least not in some fellow human they worship and follow like he is a above them. To think that we had and still have people around the world that are willing to kill hundreds for their believes in different versions of "Kumare" is awful and sad. Humanity is so fuckin complex smh.
How wise are you really if you can fooled a bunch of idiots?
It's exhausting to watch someone who is well off making fun of people who are not as well off.
[deleted]
Indian Gurus as a whole are a fallacy. They are totally bs. Most I've read about are just like cult leaders and abuse people.
Isn't this the same story which took place about 1400 years ago in the middle east with a guy named Mohammed?
Most people here are running down cults. But they do not realize the three differences between cult and a religion is volume, volume and volume. That's all.
A genius idea for a documentary that displays the simple truth of religion (self reflection, allowing yourself to open up to someone else, the fact that it's all you). I really enjoyed this when it came out. Vikram is a smart guy...maybe a little too smart.
seems kind of racist to me. 
Then I realized that he always lies but is willing to manipulate, do.
How come the top documentaries have been total shit lately?
The man who sold the world.... or Arizona at least.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
more terrorist storys
Indian Gurus as a whole are a fallacy. They are totally bs. Most I've read about are just like cult leaders and abuse people.
This looks real fake.
Basically every religion ever
10/10 Title 


[deleted]
Straight attitudes towards gays in parts of the Middle East (and Pakistan apparently) are kind of like the attitudes in the American South. "I don't have a problem with those degenerates, as long as I don't have to see it."  So yes, there's a thriving gay community but it has to be hidden. 

I hooked up with a guy when I visited the UAE. When we were first chatting on Grinder I asked him what is was like to be gay in the UAE. He responded with "LOL...I'm not gay. I'm a top."  So that's a loophole for many Muslim men: you can do almost anything you want with a guy. Just don't be the catcher in that whole situation. After seeing this doc, seems like that's the attitude in Pakistan as well. 
As an aside, I think this documentary (in the last 15 minutes) captures one of the rarest and most authentic views into the homosocial world of heterosexual men who have sex with men, also known as so called "situational homosexuality". This is how the majority of male-male sex the world over occurs, and understanding it and targeting men who engage in it with condoms and other forms of pre-exposure prophylaxis is going to be absolutely crucial to reducing HIV incidence rates in a number of developing countries over the coming decades. 
Lol, read this as how gay is Pokemon. I was confused for a bit there.
"How gay is Pakistan?"

"Pretty gay, Tom."
Pretty sure a lot of Pakistanis are gay. When I was about 14/15 years old I regularly was hit on by old Pakistani men if I went to the arcade. I have no idea what it was in particular that they liked about me but it was pretty common. (this is in England btw)
Pederasty is also pretty common in our Northwest region that borders Afghanistan. Something like 30% of the males admit to having sexual experiences with older or younger men. To them it's more like prison homosexuality because of the segregated culture there. That kids incapable of consent fall victim to this arrangement is tragic. In fact, IIRC, one of the primary objectives of the Taliban when it was rising in Afghanistan was to end this culture in madrassahs. That made them pretty damn popular too early on. 
Pakistani here. People are very gay here but know one gives a shit. Obviously no one is openly gay but you can tell every time when a person is. There are apps and massive underground scenes to meet up etc.
Probably as proportionally gay as literally any other country on earth
is this skipping for anyone else? I have plenty of mbps to use. I finally got to the gay bar part. anyone have a mirror?
Funny, I actually did an essay in college on this exact topic. 

Basically, the gist was that this is a society which is so sexually repressed, that people in many cases turn to same-sex relationships, not because they are necessarily homosexual/bisexual (although of course, some of them are), but because same-sex relationships are literally the only form of sexual release accessible to them. 

They don't have any opportunities, beyond their adolescent years, to even be alone in the same room with someone of the opposite sex, whereas they can easily do so with others of the same. So they start experimenting, usually jokingly. Then they realize it's kind of fun, if the alternative is just being alone all the time. So they keep doing it. Until they get married, by arrangement in most cases, and that's when it stops (usually). 

But wait, there's actually a whole 'nother layer of repression on top  of all that:

In some cases, the parents of these experimenting young people might be aware of what is going on behind closed doors. But they themselves are so programmed to avoid any talk about sexuality (especially homosexuality) that they will just ignore it and pretend nothing is happening, or hoping it's just a phase they will grow out of. The thought of confronting it, and having their neighbours and family members find out &lt;GASP!&gt; is so scary that they'd rather maintain the illusion of blissful ignorance. 
As Sid in the documentary says" you can be stoned to death" for homosexuality. No you wont not at least in Karachi. 
Gay AF
I bet there is *am are being* a lot of oddities in religiously conservative anything.

edit because the guy below gets bothered by bad english.
It is because of Islam. The men don't have access to women until they are married which could be very long after puberty so they go after boys or other men without anybody getting suspicious and they kinda get used to it. It's the same story in all conservative Muslim countries. 
The real tragedy for me is the loss of something truly amazing about life, the loss of intimacy. It's totally OK for a man to casually fuck another man, but the idea of real intimacy between two men is what makes it unacceptable to some people. That notion just feels so misguided and tragic to me. I wish it were possible everywhere in the world for two people just to share their lives together in a way that made them happy. If Kami and Sid want to live their lives together, who gives a shit? What effect does that really have on anyone's life? If religion is about love then surely we should just celebrate human love! 
As a Pakistani (born and bred), as a Male appreciator of male beauty, I am quite disappointed with this documentary. The most offensive being the host himself. He had a very superficial understanding of the whole place.

Gay life in Pakistan is vibrant and quite wild. One just needs to play by different rules. And know the right people. The host has spent more time with transgender people than with gay/lesbian people - so I don't understand the labelling of this documentary. Also, I want to emphasise, being gay in poorer areas in the west too, is not an easy thing. Same thing here. 

[bring on the downvotes]
American's citizenship "revoked" because of HIV?   Director didn't even question it? Probably on the lam.  
why cant people just accept other people for who they are. gays and lesbians arent harming anyone. im pretty sure that is homosexuality was a choice everyone would be straight to avoid rejection and persecution. bring peace and love to the world. love is kind and patient. let people live. let people be who they feel they are meant to be.
Interesting doc. 10/10
Really insightful documentary. Scene here (in India) isn't any different. We even have the same Section 377 that penalises gay sex. I know people who have been sent to 'religious doctors' for cure, who have asked them absurd things 'grow a moustache or go to gym' to 'cure' themselves.

When US legalised gay marriages sometime back, there was interesting discussion on facebook about the fact that you cant even get married to a girl/boy of different caste in India/Pakistan, so gay rights are almost impossible to dream of. Its really a shame.
Man these BBC 3 documentaries have such clickbait titles these days.
I'm a med student. Specifically at 36 min, many facepalms were given...
This is why: [Pakistan's Hidden Shame](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9NB2Xz5yyA)
Is your wife Fabienne from Pulp Fiction?
Is this Tamal from GBBO? 
Wait a second. How many BBC channels does British tv have?  Is it all BBC then, cuz I only know of one channel called BBC. It shows doctor who and top gear an British stuff. 
I liked the doc but the only acceptable song was the Nirvana at the end.
Read it as "How gay is pokemon?".....
Sidenote:  Mawaan's panther t-shirt is freakin' awesome.  
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/actuallesbians] [Gay in Pakistan](https://np.reddit.com/r/actuallesbians/comments/3tylsa/gay_in_pakistan/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
The west is a weird, weird place...
In the first large-scale government survey measuring Americans’ sexual orientation, the NHIS reported in July 2014 that 1.6 percent of Americans identify as gay or lesbian, and 0.7 percent considered themselves bisexual.

I can only imagine the percentage in a country like Pakistan.
So much hate.  So much hate.  It makes me want to die.  To die.
افسانوی!!!
Other videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3twhed?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Brass Eye - Pedophile questioned](https://youtube.com/watch?v=uyNHmskN-vo)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3twhed/_/cxa7rf2?context=10#cxa7rf2) - Simon Pegg doesn&amp;#39;t find your child sexy:   
[Pakistans Hidden Shame FULL DOCUMENTARY](https://youtube.com/watch?v=i9NB2Xz5yyA)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3twhed/_/cxaepnc?context=10#cxaepnc) - This is why: Pakistan&amp;#39;s Hidden Shame 
[Ming Tea - "BBC"](https://youtube.com/watch?v=R1w85qMqIjs&amp;t=38s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3twhed/_/cxad9na?context=10#cxad9na) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
I live in a gay bathhouse is gay, but bisexual to some degree, but often think of roaming around with a girl you are in the UAE.
Sidenote:  Mawaan's panther t-shirt is freakin' awesome.  
Suddenly swastika. 

(43:22 on the fuel filler cap)
I wonder what was in that medication the guy made the presenter take...
Something something swans
Thx for posting this. I really enjoyed watching it and got to see Pakistan in a way I never even imagined it as. 
As someone who's been to these cities...holy shit. I had no idea.
Pakistan is gay. Really gay. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly gay it is. I mean, you may think the Village People having an orgy in a gay bathhouse is gay, but that's just vanilla cishet missionary position sex to Pakistan.
TL;DR: Awfully gay, like 3 bushels of gay.
Wicked gay.
[deleted]
So is BBC3 like a third as good as regular BBC?
But, muslims can't be gay - and if they are, it's because the evil western society made them gay. /S
BBC? the network or....?
The Imam says to him that Islam is a tolerant faith that does not hate the "patient" but hates the disease, then tells him he would not be safe being openly gay because there are religious fanatics that would try to take his life and advises him to leave the country. As a religious leader of his tolerant religion, he doesn't seem very interested in stopping the disease of intolerance and psychopathic murder of the patients he feels should be treated with tolerance. 
I can't stand obnoxious people. 0/10. I lasted 2 minutes.
"On a scale of 10 to FABULOUS! how gay is Pakistan would have been a better title
At some point the idea of homosexuality will be so normal, that the topic will be simply about giving attention to sex rather than politics regarding sex.

In that regard, lets talk about hairy Pakistani ass cheeks, and how gay does a person have to be, to want to pick out dingle berries before they toss some salad.
Did you mean, how gay is fudge Pakistan?
Pakistan and a big portion of the Middle East are actually pretty gay, as in they enjoy sodomizing boys. It's been a cultural ''fetish'', or personnification of beauty (prepubescent boys with pale skin and a high voice), at least ever since the British arrived there, and odes were frequently written for these ''boys''. Anthropologists have partially understood the phenomenon by mysoginism (men ~~hate women~~ have an overall negative attitude towards women so much that they prefer to be with other men) and local interpretation of the Qu'ran, where the tribal religious head usually doesn't know how to read but has heard (oral tradition) about what's in it and interprets accordingly.

Edit: [Proof] (https://info.publicintelligence.net/HTT-PashtunSexuality.pdf)
Islamic society LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
This wasn't a documentary. This full on suicidal level homosexuality propoganda. If you live a life paying 20 rupees a day to live in a gay warehouse you know there is going to be the biggest homosexual in there taking the others money and basically turning it into some mafia shit. There had to be kids watching that thinking we'll they seem harmless enough to me. Which will be the first step in finding your way into that shithole. This is the way the world works. These aren't and never will be advantageous things to be anywhere. This documentary is the face of despair.
Gay people in Pakistan, just what I wanted to watch on a Monday morning, thank.... :|
Stop promoting homosexuality and try to fix real problems. 
Honestly one of the best documentaries I have ever seen. Not because of any reason other than the subject matter. The directing was not ground-breaking or revolutionary. Robert Durst is simply one of the most fascinating human beings to ever be put under a microscope. Also the intro music is awesome. WATCH. THIS. IF. YOU. HAVEN'T. YET.
This is the one of the most interesting documentaries series' of all time. So much better than anything fiction could come up with. If you have even a mild interest in criminal cases, you must watch this. Everyone I showed this to was blown away.
"Oh God, the burping..."
I don't often waste almost 6 hours straight watching something but this was fantastic. Well worth the time.
People keep focusing on Robert Durst for good measure but I think Jarecki in an underhanded way wanted people to see that the whole Durst Organization as a bit seedy &amp; complacent

*slight spoiler but someone in the Durst Organization was picking up the phone when Durst drove out to Ship Bottom, NJ and made those collect calls. The Pine Barrens are a huge swath of land and known to be a dumping ground for the mob. Very fucking suspicious
You think the series is good but then the last episode blows the rest out of the water. One of the most rewarding documentaries I've seen. Great theme song too
yep, highly recommended
Uh...That title is a huge spoiler.
A few things...

Yep, a six-part series is a bit of a commitment, but I think most people into crime documentaries will be hooked by the first 15 minutes. 

Also, **DON'T SPOIL IT FOR YOURSELF**. There is a bit of a revelation in the end that is well worth being surprised by. If you Wiki Robert Durst you'll ruin it.

Below are the other parts:

[Part 2](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2xu7c0_the-jinx-the-life-and-deaths-of-robert-durst-part-2-720p_tv)

[Part 3](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2xtrke_the-jinx-the-life-and-deaths-of-robert-durst-part-3-720p_tv)

[Part 4](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2xq6ws_the-jinx-the-life-and-deaths-of-robert-durst-part-4-720p_tv)

[Part 5](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2xm21v_the-jinx-the-life-and-deaths-of-robert-durst-part-5-720p_tv)

[Part 6](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2xlxvd_the-jinx-the-life-and-deaths-of-robert-durst-part-6-720p_tv)
SPOILER MAYBE:::

Even though he says what he says at the end of the doc, I don't see that as holding any water in court. I mean, how many times have you mocked someone under your breath or just played the part someone wanted you to play? He can just say he was talking to himself and fantasizing. I am not saying that this will not hold water or anything of that sort but it seriously is not as revelatory as the doc makes it out to be. However, the letters... that is another story.
Wow crazy documentary! highly recommended 
This was a joy to watch! 
I Highly recommend this series!
One of the craziest things I've watched. The whole meta story is absolutely unique. The fact this exists at all is unbelievable.
He's got dead eyes.
spoiler: it's because he's rich
Could you manage to include any more spoilers in your title?
If you enjoyed this, definitely listen to the Serial and Undisclosed podcast series.
Possibly one of the best documentaries I have ever witnessed 
Take *that* Serial
Spoiler question here, but what's the latest story on this guy anyway? Last I heard he was arrested once this documentary was released? 
I really, really loved this series.  I finished it in about 2 nights, and then immediately went to my girlfriend's house on the 3rd to show her it to her and watch it all over again.
Sadly, people get away with torture and mass murder all the time, provided they are politicans. [Great book on this.](http://www.amazon.com/With-Liberty-Justice-Some-Equality/dp/1250013836)
holy fuck.... that ending..
i loved the show. my only criticism is in parts 5 and 6 when the doco seems to turn from being about Durst and the murders to the being about the filmmakers making hte doco. really loved eps 1-4
Thank you for posting this!
Nice documentary. Worth a watch for sure. I really like HBO's aspect of it. Nice filmography, score, etc.
Heard this mentioned while listening to a podcast! Thanks for sharing and I'm glad I'll be able to watch it online. :) 
Finished this Doco with my partner a week ago by far one of the most fascinating documentaries I have ever seen. There is something about Robert Durst's eyes that gave me the chills!  
Does anyone else notice those bizarre eye movements he makes every time he denies something
FYI: I got a warning from my service provider about watching this video... is there a place where I can rent the series (legally) ?
Great doc. Can't believe Texas let him off. Was there any motives why he could have killed kathie or Susan?
I'm a bad person. I was rooting for Durst the entire time. He's just so weird I can't help but love him
This was amazing. 
Amazing. Watch until the very end
Just finished watching it. What a ride! 
Definitely one of the best documentaries i have ever seen.
I hate that you spoiled the entire series in the title, it was amazing going in fresh and not knowing what was happening, and what will happen. I was on the edge of my seat for this entire series.
Watch as Robert Durst accomplishes in mere hours what three decades of police investigators could not, get Robert Durst charged with his wife's murder. 
Downvoted for spoiling.
His dad Seymour gave NYC [this](http://thishiddencity.blogspot.com/2015/05/national-debt-clock.html).
oh em gee.  I'm so glad I saw this post.  watched the first 3 episodes yesterday and finished the second 3 episodes just now.

gripping!  I even had to google him to find out what is up with him now.
[This ny times article](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/04/25/nyregion/25pipe.html?_r=2&amp;scp=1&amp;sq=mcwane&amp;st=cse) talks about one of the plants that my friends live near.

I'll let you know Atlantic Estates doesn't even exist anymore, it's now McWane Ductile, and they openly burn plastics during the day.

Legally they're only supposed to do it at night (which is still questionable, and I'm uncomfortable with, but w/e), but you can clearly see it, and it'll leave a thick smoke and this awful burning smell if you go to the park by it. 

Supposedly legal action has been taken, but honestly it's awful and hearing the stories my friends would tell about this place is just depressing to listen to. Clearly there is corruption going on within the company and some government officials.
Maybe it's time white-collar crime were dealt with more harshly.

A murderer kills one person. The people running corporations who deliberately flout health and safety regulations, pollute the environment because they ignore basic safety procedures, bankrupt thousands of people, etc. do hideous damage to many, many peoples' lives and seem to face few repercussions. 
This is exactly the reason unions were created.  Same stuff was happening in the 1800s in places like Carnegie Steel.
They should bring the CEO's up on murder charges. Let'em rot in federal prison for a few decades, see if it fixes their attitude failure.
I worked for McWane a few years after this crackdown occurred in the NJ facility. The EPA got the main henchman, but the head people evaded arrest - they promoted them to corporate (Charko) or shifted them from the alabama plant to the NJ one (Kidd). I knew the environmental guys, and they told me we still did illegal stormwater dumping into the diver, sent hazardous waste to non-haz landfills and covered it up. They paid big bucks for a lawyer to cover for them.

We still had ton's of injuries - including frequent amputation in the finishing line. And a fatality that was kept off the safety records because the poor guy died a month later in the hospital (they said it was from hospital complications, and not from the giant pipe that crushed his pelvis). It was common to see people walking around with missing fingers.

There was corruption everywhere - even when the quality dept would mark pipe as scrap because it failed QC testing, the operations managers would cover up the scrap markings so it would still get sold to the customer - just goes to show how dishonesty was a way of business to them.

We had to go through interviews with the EPA's lawyers, but before each interview were secretly sat down with McWane's lawyers and managers and they would tell us what to say at the interviews, and what not to say. For some stupid reason the EPA lawyers lets the McWane layers sit in and listen to our comments so he could report back to top dog's if any of us talked too much.
This is an x-post from /r/actualconspiracies
Someone needs to call in McBatman
Obviously the solution here is less government regulation and tax cuts. They wouldn't have to cut these corners if they didn't have to pay so much tax and deal with all that government "red tape."
A Scottish Batman. Now there's an idea you can set your watch to
According to this article the company has cleaned up a bit since this doc came out. "McWane’s recordable incident rate has fallen 69 percent and the number of recorded days away from work has fallen 63 percent since Wisniewski’s arrival". Wisniewski being the new head of safety. Maybe not the justice certain executives deserve but sounds like a good thing net all. http://www.al.com/business/index.ssf/2013/04/mcwane_inc_head_of_safety_hono.html
Hopefully little Bruce will be able to control the board and clean this place up!
By the way, Tyler pipe is closed down as well. I'd be interested to see in how mcwane is actually regrouping amid these setbacks. 
One of Frontline's most compelling episodes ever IMO.
For a few seconds I thought this was Frontline (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frontline_%28Australian_TV_series%29), the mockumentary series about current affairs and was all sorts of confused and about to be all "IT'S NOT REAL!"

So in other words they behave like most of the Fortune 100....
Wow.  Just fucking wow.  

I wish people would stop working for places like this.  Yes, I know you have to feed yourself and your family, but you can't do that if you're dead or disabled.  Working for companies like this only enables them to behave this way.  Your life and health are worth more than a paycheck.  Not worth it.  
This is every business in a capitalist society... Every.  Fucking.  One.
There are thousands of companies that mess with their workers, there are companies that can afford to treat their workers well. Companies have no benefit other than morally to care about their workers, the only reason would be to make more money. Their objective is to make money and nothing else. This shouldnt be new information to you or shock you as it happens every day, that is how the system works for you to get your mass produced sweater for 20 dollars. 

Once western society is not based on individual greed but community you will see a change. But for now enjoy your life and screw the economy until it inevitably collapses. 








According to a quick Wikipedia search, they fired 90% of their management and really turned their act around after all this got published.

Not that anyone in the comments cares to do any research of their own.
Ahh, isn't capitalism a beautiful thing?
Capitalism. What did you think?
&gt;all to pad their bottom line

WTF else would they do it??

This is nothing compared to all the assholes in America that exploit Illegal aliens for profit!
Of course they're doing anything they can't to pad the bottom line. What else would you expect. Publicly traded companies are required to increase in value every year or they have failed their investors
These are the type of people that want Hillary to win.
nothing will be done by anyone.
Nobody's forcing people to work for McWane. If they wanted a better job they should've gotten a degree in engineering or IT instead of gender studie's
Nobody's forcing people to work for McWane. If they wanted a better job they should've gotten a degree in engineering or IT instead of gender studie's
Cointelpro
 A shame what happened to this man. Hampton was in beginning the Rainbow Coalition which intended to create a coalition of all races to fight against injustice. He was a socialist so you know the government couldn't allow a socialist to create racial harmony in Chicago. The FBI worked directly with the Chicago Police Department to assassinate him. His pregnant wife was was also shot but thankfully she and her child survived.
Lucky they chose that title then.
What the fuck is up with the racism in here?

Edit: it is really nice to see so much thoughful sanity. When I posted there was one good joke and the rest had that /r/coontown feel.
Is this what Curtis Mayfield gets the song "Freddie's Dead" from?
It baffles me how we can have hard evidence of the government assassinating American citizens yet still believe JFK, MLK &amp; RFK were killed by "lone wolf" psychos. 

Like my late history teacher used to say, you've only got free speech until you get a following.  At least Fred Hampton's death was swift.  There are still Black Panthers locked up in various prisons on trumped up charges.  
Chicago PD is their name, killing civilians is their game. 
It is all about historical memory. The US continues to act as if decades (centuries) of systematic institutional racism didn't exist. There are apologies from the senate and universities but no talk of real reparations. To draw on a popular parallel Nazi Germany. The difference between Nazi Germany and the US is that Germany feels a deep shame and remorse for the Holocaust. The German people internalize it and RECOGNIZE their past and are hence able to move forward. While the US remains the most brutally racist country; continuing to ignore the ways in which the GOVERNMENT--through a series of early racist and now neo-liberal "colorblind" laws and policies--has perpetuated racism and refuses to acknowledge the historical role it has played in the *creation* of a racialized lower caste. 

#historicalmemory 
Ed Hanrahan's right wing death squad and no doubt about it.  
Never even a heard of the Black Panthers. 
ive never herad of any of this. cointelpro? I thought the Black Panthers were a fictional group of people in the movie forrest gump. It all just seems like a conspiracy to me reading it all because i've never heard of any of it before. Like stated, i thought blacks were just fighting against water fountains and being able to sit wherever they want on the bus.  

I'm a white dude from SD, the education system glosses over this incredibly it seems. and i loved history class.
Came here to post this, glad to find it already up. 

Power to the People!
Cointelpro
The police have always been there to keep you down.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/longitudelatitude] [Documentary of the murder of Fred Hampton: creator of the National Rainbow Coalition.](https://np.reddit.com/r/LongitudeLatitude/comments/3vhd5e/documentary_of_the_murder_of_fred_hampton_creator/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Do you have any opinion on rap artists tupac shakurs mother defending herselfing and winning in court against terrorist like charges

Tupax was a young black panther president and his mom afeni shakur was also a president i believe
[deleted]
I wonder who they chose to replace the lead. 
No whining about safe spaces from the Panther Party.
ITT: everyone screams about how racist the comments are, downvotes them to oblivion, comments aren't actually racist for the most part 

Group of violent criminals is celebrated

Yay?
I wonder how a movie about a southern KKK leader being shot in a police raid looking for illegal weapons, after KKK members killed several black police officers, would go over. 
It wasn't murder.  It was the killing of an enemy combatant who had declared war.  
&gt;there are people that don't realize that the BPs are a hate group at best and a criminal group at worst

Ha. "Community building", yeah even ISIS builds up their community. The Klan's shit sucking racists do it too.
Don't watch this video. It's racist! Anit-White circle jerk.
I guess all it takes to be an activist these days is to shoot a cop...
wasn't this known already? pretty obvious if you ask me.
Sometimes this sub is like the "moron" version of /r/AskHistorians, 90% of the people in here aren't qualified to speak and are pushing agendas.
I'm not saying this isn't true, but you should be a bit more sceptical than you would otherwise be had this been produced by the BBC, CNN, or even Al Jazeera, based on the source alone...

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RT_(TV_network)

Would we still had dropped them if we weren't worried about Russia?

Answer: Yes.

So no. While it may have been another check on the 'plus' column, we did not drop the bombs to intimidate the Russians.  We dropped it to save ~1 million U.S. servicemen's lives, and 5-20million Japanese lives by forcing an end to the war before we had to undertake the land invasion.

Stop with the revisionist bullshit.
Forever people will try to ascribe a sinister undertone to the atomic bombs, but none is necessary. When 80,000 people die, most of them civilians, in a military action during a war, it is already maximum terrible. 

The bombings were a "kill many birds with one bomb" action.

* Intimidate the Japanese into surrendering more quickly
* Prevent an invasion of Japan that would destroy what was left of it and result in millions of dead Japanese
* Prevent what happened on Okinawa
* Save American soldiers the risk of invasion
* Intimidate the world
* Test the effectiveness of the bombs
* Establish the US as the defacto world leader
* Put an end to major nations going to war with each other for all time
* Allow the world to be defined by the values of the US

All of these objectives were achieved and more. 

Here's the ugliest fact you never see on reddit. Maybe it belongs on /r/showerthoughts. 

Why did the US stop at two bombs? We ran out. If we had 10, we would have dropped 10. If we had 30, there would be no Japan. The US was furious with Japan. The citizens cried for the extinction and complete genocide of the Japanese. Frankly, Truman showed restraint. 

More well known material being processed by RT as some sort of propaganda. Yes, Russia does not like the United States, and vice versa, but RT is such a pile of shit when they get on their anti American soapbox 

No amount of propaganda will wash away the blood of MH17 or their involvement in kick starting the 6 day war.
I honestiy refuse to read any RT articles due to the simple reason that its a Russian propaganda media.
Russia Today? I will pass.
Fuck, what was in those bombs, fertilizer?  
"Nuclear bombings of Japan actually about Russia" - source Russia Today

Hmm... well, maybe... kind of.  I'm going to have to think about this one.
So, if I apply the same strategy to intimidate a Russian, I have to kill 2Japaneses? So much sense.
When are we going to finally ditch this propaganda?

&gt; "Why did we drop [the atom bomb]? So little Harry could show Molotov and Stalin we've got the cards. That was the phrase Truman used. We showed the goddamned Russians we've got something and they'd better behave themselves in Europe. That's why it was dropped. The evidence is overwhelming. And yet you tell that to 99 percent of Americans and they'll spit in your eye." -- Famous WWII journalist [Studs Terkel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Studs_Terkel) explaining why the US dropped the atomic bombs on Japan.

Or...

&gt; "There was never, from about two weeks from the time I took charge, any illusions on my part, but that Russia was our enemy, and that the project was carried out on that basis." -- US Army General [Leslie Groves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leslie_Groves), the director of the WWII Manhattan Project to develop an atomic bomb.

Or...

&gt; "The Japanese were ready to surrender and it wasn’t necessary to hit them with that awful thing [the atomic bomb]." -- General and US President Dwight Eisenhower, in Newsweek magazine, 11 Nov. 1963.

The fact that millions of Americans are *misinformed* demonstrates the power of our propaganda system.
This has been pretty well known for awhile now. The A-bombs served a dual function: Help bring the war to an end and scare the USSR into playing nice post-war.
Once the fight starts you throw punches until they quit. Period. While we were at war with Japan, they were fair game. Didn't matter if we were using that fight to send a message or not or if we were experimenting with airburst effectiveness.
The US had a lot of reasons to drop the bomb. One of them was to intimidate the USSR. Why did they want to intimidate the USSR? SOoooo many reasons. If anyone wants to talk more about it. I wrote my dissertation on this! Its interesting AF. 
Russians,

While I understand that your press has been vilifying the USA in what appears to be a successful attempt at targeting the more nationalistic among you... we here in the USA really do not care, talk, or speak that much about you.

True, you have been in the press a fair amount lately (Syria, the Ukraine), but aside from that the coverage is pretty low key.  There really are very few opinion pieces concerning your nation.

Instead, we have Trump.  Anything he says... just pretend he did not say it.  That is what most of us do.

While it seems that you would love to paint America as an enemy who has the demise of Russia as an immediate goal... it simply is not true.  Sorry to disappoint you, but we just don't see your nation as an issue that concerns us greatly.
Damnit! 4 minutes in and I am already teary-eyed.
Little from column a, Little from column b
There was a really good book about this subject I read during my round with university. I believe it's called "History of the Bomb." 

Depressing but a fantastic read.
Well it worked. That's the whole reason the cold war was a thing.
Unfortunately we live in a world where showcase of power and preservation of power is done by killing thousands of innocent people. Does the rank of superpower really matter if thousands of its soldiers are being killed due to proxy wars waged by its elite? 
Stalin did not care one bit. The KGB had plenty of spies in both the US government and nearly every European country at the time. Even in the Manhattan project. 
The Japanese civilians killed were **among** the last causalities of World War 2 and simultaneously the first causalities of the Cold War... 
Sure, that was one of the added benefits... But the main objective was to avoid a ground war in Japan and end the war as soon as possible. 
I wrote my dissertation on the decision to drop the bomb. It was an extremely complex situation, in an extremely different world than the one we are living now. The U.S. never really had a choice in the matter. They were always going to drop the bomb.  Ask me anything!!! 
That has pretty much been the unorthodox version since the 50s. 

Also, If they had simply accepted a conditional surrender the war would have ended in July 1945.
Fuck, what was in those bombs, fertilizer?  
Why do people recently post this RT propaganda on Reddit? It's just bullshit anyways. Years ago they were reporting about UFO's and Aliens. All they do is clickbait and showing off faked documents.
More like intimidate the world. It was a show of power in general.
That's mainly the reason. The Japanese were already planning on surrendering once information came in that the Russians were preparing to invade from the north. The Japanese military had about 90% of their defences and forces located in the western part of japan, leaving the north vulnerable to attack by the USSR. From what I have read, they decided that it was better to come under the leadership of a western democracy than fall under the rule of a communist dictatorship as the US aligned more closely politically and economically than the USSR 
This seems to pop up like weeds. The nuclear bombs were mainly dropped on Japan to try to force a surrender. Impressing the Soviet Union was a secondary consideration. When the Soviets crushed the Manchurian army the Japanese surrendered not so much because the army had been crushed, but because they had been using the soviets to try to negotiate a surrender. If you think that the Japanese surrendered because of a threat of soviet invasion you need to study some history. The soviet naval force that was used to invade the Kurils amounted to a few dozen fishing boats. They could not have invaded the mainland. 
Sure, that was one of the added benefits... But the main objective was to avoid a ground war in Japan and end the war as soon as possible. 
Accidently deleted my comment so I'm not typing the whole thing out again...  The Japanese where working on there own nuclear bomb, the Germans sore at losing where helping them. The US government knew this after capturing German U-boats headed for Japan with things needed to build nukes. That is a big part of why we bombed them, they would have bombed us if we haddent.
I thought that this was the assumption? With Stalin pressing on the borders on Central/Eastern Europe, most of the Allied Armies excluding the US either in shambles or just gone, it was either a possible conventional war with Russia or a nuclear one while we still had the checkmate.
I love how Russia Today is such classic propaganda. "Hey America! You're not so great all the time!". We do it too with multiple media properties and it's such a nice and quaint way of acting out geopolitical positioning. 
I am not against the bombings...showing our power to the USSR was just another bonus. It wwas calculated that a man invasion would cost 1,000,000 American soldiers their lives. Better them than us.
When the Soviets rolled a massive army across Eastern Europe and took Berlin, was that a warning to the west that they could do the same thing to France and England?  I think not.  Yet somehow, turning Japan into a smoking crater is a warning to the Soviets.
RT? Thanks, I'll pass. 
I don't want to start a useless argument, but if Japan hadn't attacked us first i Hawaii, we wouldn't have had to use the atomic bomb, for any reason, on Japan.
Isn't it weird how after the most destructive force on earth was dropped , the earth kind of got peaceful? 
im pretty sure intimidating the USSR was just a welcoming bonus.
Few people know that Russia was beginning their invasion of Japan when the bomb was dropped.
I suggest some of you read a bit into Japanese war crimes before and during WW2. I'm not saying these crimes justify American actions, but it might be helpful context to understand what type of enemy the Japanese Imperial Army represented.
We should drop a nuke on Mecca. 
Sigh. Why upvote any content related to RT? This publication is truly one of the worst in the world, essentially just propaganda. 
I see a lot of revisionist leftists in here saying a lot of shit in support of this Russian propaganda, but posting no evidence. 
Sometimes I almost think that we (Americans) are the actual villains of the planet. (Since 1946)
We should have dropped 3.
I first read the title as "Atomic *Massage*". I thought that's one way of putting I guess..?
Just thought I'd throw this out there: John Von Neumann (who was partly the inspiration for Dr. Strangelove, in the movie of the same name) begged Truman to drop a nuclear bomb on Moscow after bombing Japan, because in his mind -Von Neumanns- it satisfied his lust for game theory.

Talk about objectifying humanity...
These aren't recently declassified.   

The Smithsonian was going to incorporate this information into its exhibits in the 90s and was flat-out told if it did, it would be sued into the floor by one of the veteran associations and would suddenly lose a LOT of funding.
We have certainly known this for quite some time. Specifically, the date that the bomb was dropped was a couple days before the USSR had said that it would engage in war against Japan. Therefore, this was a power-play more than anything, to end the war and ensure that the U.S. could claim the victory on its own. With individual victory, the U.S. would better establish itself as a global superpower.
Fuck, what was in those bombs, fertilizer?  
Why is Russia Today posted as a documentary? I wouldn't be surprised if Russia Today itself keeps posting this junk as reputable news.
No Fucking Shit. Who didn't know that already..
I thought it was a pretty well-known fact that we only dropped the bombs because the USSR was set to join the pacific theater on a certain date if it wasn't over. The war was already basically won but it was dragging, and the US didn't want to split the territory with the Soviets like they were going to do in Germany. 
There is a point here that you are missing.  

America is supposed to be, and tells the world that it is a Democracy, and place for opportunity and the land of the free.

America has become nothing more than a country of conspiracy, not even the American people will ever know the real reasons why those bombs were used, just as no one will ever know who really did assassinate Kennedy, and no one ever ever really know if they went to the moon.

Is it really any surprise that when America says something, no one in the rest of world believes them  
Kinda strange to consider this alongside the idea that Russia declaring war against japan was what actually caused their surrender. Insofar as continued military action, Russia may have been more affected by the bombs against Japan than Japan was.
Thomas Merton's poem "Original Child Bomb" points out that the Emperor was already trying to surrender to the Russians. Hiroshima can be viewed as the first shot of the cold war. However, Truman may not have been as fully aware of the global geopolitical implications as we're his advisors. 
No fuckin shit. What the hell do they teach kids now days?
Knew this for forty years.

Now it is "old hat" I suppose.
So using an indiscriminate WMD on a civilian population for political reasons isn't terrorism?
Of course it was to intimidate the Soviets, the United States had the monopoly in nuclear weaponry at the time.
what amazes me is the fact that the people who still defend the decision to eradicate two cities never really thought about the option of dropping the bombs offshore tokyo to force a surrender without killing hundreds of thousands.
fat-man and little-boy represent two different ways of building an atomic bomb. the people who made the decision probably knew that they won't get a second chance of testing them under real conditions.
[deleted]
Everything past 1941 was really just showing force between the west and Russia. This is also the whole reason Hitler even went after Russia, they were waiting to let the allies and the axis fight it out so they could take Europe when the armies were weak
USA USA!!!
The fuck of it is that there was no reason to intimidate the USSR. They had paid a huge price in WWII. They were tired of war. Truman was just a horrible president. His VP (the person The Simpson's character Mr. Burns is based on) made all the big decisions. 
Intimidate? is an understatement. We were actually willing to use them. In 2013, the Congress passed a law to pre-empty strike on China, despite China has a no-1st-use policy.
What is good about the internet? This!
We do already know this. We understand how horrible it would be to be innocent and slaughtered over b*llsh*t politics. Humans get pissed off, hurt other humans, justify it..then eons' later...say it's horrid. It's always horrible to hurt others. We will never stop crushing others. This is the true horror.

I stated this in a thread 3 months ago, and was quickly down voted to oblivion.
Its pretty well known russians were closing into Japan and rather than losing half of japan to Russia like what happened earlier in the year to Germany, the US took extreme measure to make sure japan would become a democratic state. With japan surrendering the US which were the terms of the surrender rather than surrendering to the whole of the allies. Makes sense because after all it was mostly the US that won the pacific with Russia doing a little in China. Sort of vice versa to how america didnt do that much in Germany (not german occupied territories) and it was mainly Russia who took the capital.

Fucked up? Sure, but couldn't be any more fucked up than handing out a foothold into Asia over to the russians and turning the whole of the continent into communist territory. The cold war would've ended much more differently.
Is there any chance they could be rehabilitated or are they brainwashed for life? 
This war might go on forever. 
I fought alongside kids that couldn't have been older than 16 in Northern Syria with the YPG.  It's the Middle East, this is ubiquitous.  When marriage ages for girls float around 12 a culture's concept of children and maturity is much different.  I had an 11 year old change my hummer tire on a Tuesday morning in June.  
The harsh thing is that soldiers will likely have to shoot children, something absolutely unconscionable.
From the makers of "Jesus Camp" it's the sequel, "Allah Spa"

Thanks for sharing, it was very difficult to watch, those poor kids dont deserve a life like that. i hope there is something we can do to help them get away from the isis leaders. 
fuck isis, man. just, fuck these guys.
This is a PBS Frontline mini documentary, why not just link the official documentary? Watch it in 1080p, dailymotion still makes me cringe. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VPiJr3qBEc
awful, this video needs to be seen by all.
Kony 2015
so peaceful
I have a grandparent who was in the Bund Deutscher Mäde, thats the girl version of the Hitler youth, same as what ISIS are doing.
this might sound a bit stupid because I really don't know how this stuff works. But I felt really moved by the story of that boy, Omar. At 14 I didn't even have the courage to stand up to my sister and he stood up to IS and it seems so tragic that he's lost 2 limbs and seems almost to have given up on life. And I've recently heard about charities and stuff that can make 3d printed prosthetics that can make moveable hands and they're pretty cheap. would be it at all plausible to donate one to him? if so, does anyone know how i'd go about doing that or even where i could start? thanks :)
This is unfortunately not new and reminds me the [Hitler Youth Divisions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_use_of_children#SS_Youth_Division) 

*Some relevant quotes:*

&gt; Huge numbers of youths were removed from school in early 1945, and sent on, essentially, suicide missions

&gt; Towards the end of the War, the Germans established an entire SS Panzer Tank Division with the majority of its recruits being 16 and 17-year-old boys from the Hitler Youth brigades. Many were so young, that they were provided with sweets instead of alcohol and tobacco rations

&gt; These children saw extensive action and were among the fiercest and most effective German defenders in the Battle of Berlin. In the battle of the Normandy beaches, the division had suffered 60% casualties, most of whom were teenagers.

&gt; These fearsome young boy soldiers acquired a formidable reputation for their violent and unforgiving practice, shooting prisoners, and were responsible for 64 deaths of British and Canadian soldiers between June 7–16, 1944.
Baby ducks? 
I don't understand how the Third Reich with all their power, advancement and force, was stopped. All of Europe was a mess and they turned out fine in a generation or two. Yet, we cant seem to handle some religious fanatics about 50k strong. The western world needs to unite with all its power to occupy and stabilize this region.  The worlds powers can undoubtedly rebuild the middle east with democracy and freedom. Every first world super power needs to join hands and act on this before more innocent western lives are destroyed because some people want to live in a barbaric society worldwide. 
Remember when Edmund Burke said "Those who don’t know history are doomed to repeat it" ISIS is basically repeating almost the same things The Socialist Party (Nazis) did. They are recruiting young men/kids to carry out the legacy. And they know its a weakness to countries since we are learned not to harm kids when we get older. I put pity on ISIS it's self. Because of their religious beliefs they are brainwashing innocent kids and turning them into war machines.
Merely a cultural misunderstanding. Religion of peace, remember?
Kony 2016, we'll get him this time.
[deleted]
OP seem to have been banned! is he part of the trolling, propaganda/hating posts/comments on reddit the last few weeks pushing his own hidden agenda?
So sad. This reminds me of Imperial Japan and the training of children for victory no matter the means necessary. Just like Japan, these children are being trained in a radical form of their religion. 

At the same time, I believe this should be shown to all the people spouting "why don't we just drop nukes on them?" This situation is much more complicated than simply doing that.
It's just a fear mongering, yes it's sad that people are going to have to shoot brainwashed kids, but it is what it is.

The idea though that the world will be filled with brainwashed child sleeper agents, people have been watching too many stupid programs made by Fox.

These children remind me of Zod in Man of Steel. He basically says, "All that I've known is bad shit from the day I was born, that is all I know how to do, it is all I CAN do, I have been programmed this way, so you're GOING TO HAVE TO KILL ME if you want me to stop." ISIS is killing all of these children. OMG
No trying to play it down nor even thinking about defending ISIS but in fairness every radical ideology doing the same thing to the kids who live under their regime. Just a few weeks ago Vice came up with a short documentary on  Al Qaeda kids (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGEVcO7_DTo), and few years ago I saw a very similar film about kids in Afghanistan trained by Taliban. Even germans had hitlerjugend, so ISIS is not inventing anything new here. 
It's like some video games but for reals.
propaganda shite : do yourselves all a favour and just realise what you are ACTUALLY watching! 

Omar, if you ever read this, our thoughts are with you.  Please don't give up on life.  You are a brave symbol of hope.  They will not be able to get away with this.  
Drop a few bombs and let the moderate parents start over.
As a mother to two boys right at the ages of these boys it is especially hard to watch this. I know that boys of this age are just starting to really think about being "men" and like to be viewed as strong/tough/admirable. So if someone comes in and tells them they can offer them a chance to feel powerful and earn respect, I see how  these boys get pulled in.

There is definitely a reason ISIS depends so heavily on young boys, they would probably be, by far, the easiest age group to brainwash, as generally speaking these boys are already looking for a way to define themselves. 
NUKE EM.
Nothing new to see here. 

This has been happening in African countries for decades now.. 
How can we help Omar?
Disgusting. Are these the Christian terrorists reddit keeps going on about? 
While I am worried for the children who are being brainwashed and forced, I am also worried about the possibility that there may be a day where a foot soldier who is fighting against ISIS would have to fight these kids. Could you imagine being in a combat zone where a child is shooting at you? What do you do? 
Hey OP, call them what they really are Daesh!
https://youtu.be/cgQKU0RWBKM
Were do you people get you information from! 
"ISIS's"
It's kinda like Detroit.
This is so fucked. What a mind fuck for the kids and even for me in regards to my morality in what I want to do to these people. I hate this so much. Fuck religion man. 
If you turn ISIS backwards it spells SISI
It's funny how these donkey fuckers are doing Allah's work but they cover their worthless faces. They talk all proud but they won't bear their faces to the world. Cowards...
It's kinda like Detroit.
Turkey loves this, they are supporting ISIS and according to some sources they sold 800 millions of dollars in Oil Barrels last month.
Hmm... trained to kill but I don't think that makes them cold hearted killers, just mislead.

Children believe anything because they don't know any different, they don't have years of experience or education to tell them otherwise. 

So when someone sets up scenarios for kids showing them how no one but fellow brothers can be trusted, and teach them that evil-doers will try to persuade them with statements like "I'm on your side" or "I'm not here to hurt you", that all becomes known as trickery.

Probably most won't get close enough to say those words to children...


The other part is, children don't conceptualize death very well...
They understand those that die don't come back but I don't think they realize how permanent and unknown it is.

Killing anyone they know though is going to fuel the fire in their hearts.

Probably the best thing that could be done is either kidnap them back, or flood their market with cool things they can just have for free so over time they'll be too distracted to cause terror. 

Rather than fighting them to win, since they are kids... why not act like you're fighting and then throw the battles on purpose and offer lots of stuff as a peace offering. 

Their kids, they just want to be recognized, just like every other kid in the world, adults too.
Come on now kids, all together now...

"ALLAH ACHBAR!"

I cant hear you!

"ALLLLLLLLLLLLLAHHH ACHBAR!"
Is there any way we  could stop this from happening ?? 
In addition to what I said moments ago...

I wonder what would happen if we said "We surrender, you guys win we give up, we are ready to negotiate your terms"?

Does it really matter if we win or lose the fight? Isn't every fight a failure to recognize the other's point of view?

Surrendering doesn't mean we lose. Its not like we couldn't still wipe them off the earth, its also not like they couldn't just keep on causing terror...

But as it is now, nothing is really changing, and if we keep trying the same thing over and over again, nothing ever will. - that is literally what "insanity" is.
now that i think of it. Every soldier is kind of forced ,or for that matter every employee. I mean "fight or ur children will die hungry".. to janitor "clean or your children will die" hell even a doctor says "u need operation?" pay me to operate or you will die.. perks of capitalism 
It just shows how cowardly and desperate these people are when they have this as their main focus of recruitment.
They are destined to fail.
Children being forced to take on the future of the (so called) Islamic State. To not know why they are aligned to a cause, but just that they are loyal to the point of death for it.

This is why airstrikes alone aren't the solution, and simply "wiping out ISIS" won't work. These kids will continue to breed the hatred of ISIS's perversion on life long after we "win". To truly defeat ISIS we're going to need some kind of nation left behind afterwards, one of stability that can try and cope with the legacy of ISIS. God help them though.
We ought to use military force to drive IS out of the middle east and then give the land to the Kurds so that they can have their own nation state.
This is why collateral damage doesn't matter when fighting ISIS. Once the women drop those turds of jihad out of their ass it's too late. 
who the hell cares? Human life isn't precious, some people just get a bad hand. We abort millions of our own children, so we arent in any position to condemn the use of child soldiers. 
question everything. 
Better than fat american kids playing playstations. 
Wait, is this Saudi Arabia or Isis?
I love how that one guys most insulting line is "Sir I have to tell you, that's the most ugly car I've ever seen.
I'd be pissed off too. Not because they're Arabs, because their fucking douchebags. I see similar shit go on in Miami, but not quite on that level of douche though.
&gt;when the roses reach the ceiling i might marry you  
  
hahahahahha fuck that stuck up cunt jesus christ that poor bastard
Install speed bumps and they can’t drive that fast on residential streets.
But think about how much money gets funneled back into the European economy.  All of those cars are European in origin.  They all need lodging, food etc.

So long as no one gets hurt, take their money.  All those Arab states are spending like the oil is going to last forever.  Poor financial decision, in a few decades they'll look back at this footage and realize how stupid they've been.  
How is the police picking on them when they refuse to get a front license plate? *And later on in the video they even street race on a narrow street and in a tunnel.. That's not being picked on, that's obeying traffic laws..
That scene on the roof with the lady deserves an Oscar.
Fuckayou channel 4. Anyone got a mirror?
12:47

"May god silence its noise!"

ho boy
About 5 minutes in one of the guys gets hit with an umbrella and I lost my shit... "Ello bruv watch where ya goin. You lookin for a propa scrap m8? I'll knock ye ead in."
London is so damn expensive. I went to get 4 passport photo's, 4 for 15 pounds, then paid 2 quid for a coke, and their parking meters only accept cards, not cash, wtf!?! Let's not forget the congestion charge too. How do normal people live there? How can they afford it? It boggles my mind. Oh yeah they're in a shit ton of debt. Anyhow I just wanted to rant about London, it's alright I guess, but fuck me does it rape your wallet. This was on Question Time the other day, politicians saying young folk can buy a house in London, 1 bedroom flat would cost you 300,000 grand. Ridiculous. Rant over. 
Great documentary about massive cunts.
I live in small town USA. Would kill to see these cars in real life.
KTM X-Bow - £90,000

Shipping car from Kuwait to London - £5,000

BMW Sportintegral carbon fibre helmet - £1,000

Having a child think you're literally Batman - [priceless.](https://youtu.be/T9D_WZ4MH4I?t=752)
How do they spend about 50,000 pounds in a nightclub without consuming alcohol? 
Hey lets have a race with our sport cars but first let me beat the shit out of my sister for going on a date without my approval.
Best documentary I've watched all week.
This would drive me fucking crazy. 
Lol @ the saudi pretending they don't drink alcohol, only to be seen with a glass of wine in the next shot. 

And in my experience, they do drink... a lot... and then there are the drugs... and the prostitutes.
From all the wealth these Arabs have one would think they must be scary business geniuses. Meanwhile, the only reason they have money is because they were born on oil rich soil. They didn't even discover or mine the oil themselves, western, oil dependent nations did. So what you essentially have here are idiots with huge bank rolls and what happens when idiots have a lot of money? They spend it all immediately without diversifying no investing no long term nation building etc. So, as the US becomes less dependent on foreign oil these dummies will be bankrupt in 10 years, good riddance.
All I can say is... it's great to see exciting new developments in solar tech which is making strides. The other day I also read about a newly created synthetic material that imitates photosynthesis. I hope in my life time the nations of the world finally break their dependence on the cartel's oil. 
I lived in South Kensington two summers ago. The amount of yellow Lamborghinis ripping through the streets at night is ridiculous. 
Blocked in my country?

IT WAS MADE IN MY COUNTRY!

Fuck off C4, everyone knows iplayer is better than 4oD
Couldn't have picked more stuck up cunts..and I'm not even talking about the Arabs.
Has anyone in London ever heard of a speed bump? Well placed speed bumps will shut all that mess down!  Leads me to believe the powers to be don't want them to leave. Their presence is stimulating London's economy. 
Arab pieces of fucking shit
Interesting doc. I love how brits try to be less glamorous and biased than our American docs.   

We have a similar problem with rich Arabs here in Los Angeles, however not only do they get away with racing, they get away with rape and abuse as well.  
/r/titlegore

Rich people bitching about other rich people... Hur dur hur dur
Rich people being displaced by even richer people? lol.

So gentrification is ok as long as it's people poorer than you being forced to leave? The second it's someone richer than you, you start protesting?
[I like Bill Burr's take when it comes to sports cars.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DT2WKZNzWP0)

I am an Arab of the Gulf. My father is a wealthy business man who started trading since the 1970's and today is fortunate to own real estate worth in millions of dollars. I visit London because I love the culture, cold weather and it's history and absolutely hate seeing these "wanna be millionares" drive cars they can't even pronounce. I also hate that they cause many a person to stereo type and dislike arabs due to these hand picked few rotten examples. Please don't hate us.. althiugh we have similar names, we are all not the same. 
The U.K. government allows the world to buy its property to a point that locals can barely afford to live anywhere. And now the wealthy are annoyed by all the wealth that's been let in. I hope that next summers trend would be extra loud exhaust modifications.
Oh irony. They colonize half the world and now a few hundred years later they are getting colonized.
 
I find it funny that they were trying to elicit sympathy when the cops busted them and took their cars.

Oh yeah, we all feel sooo bad that you cannot recklessly drive your supercars in somebody else's country. How sad and horrible.  
Why should I care if rich people (the Londoner's in this case) bitch about richer people (middle eastern people) being loud?  Dangerous sure, but they complained about the noise more so. 
Too many people on here are just talking about money. The point of this video is too show these ungrateful young rich kids are being a nuisance to other people. I'm on the British people's side, where I live wannabe losers try and supe up their Hondas and Nissans, when all they do is put a muffler on it making it sound louder and when they hit the accelerator they go no where xD. So is it against the law to be a dick? No, but don't act all shocked when you know what you're doing is annoying.

So now let's talk about their money, skaters have skate land. They built and raised the funds themselves for that. Why can't these guys build drive land??? Oh because they are greedy and don't wanna spend money on something they don't want too. Instead they'll buy more useless sports cars. 

Now for the people who are gonna say I'm jealous, I'm not. I don't get turned on by the sound or the looks of these cars. If I got the opportunity to drive one, of course I'd take it because it's being presented too me. 
But other than that, I don't care for fancy things like this because it doesn't appeal to me.

Edit: some spelling mistakes due to my phone. I type to fast and don't bother to re-read it most of the time.
Seriously though, lived in Qatar, those cars and drivers are a nuisance there too, and EVERYBODY in Qatar and Saudi drive dangerously fast and will hit you with no remorse.
They should've gone with the original title: Rich douchebags on wheels.
Lallalalala

la la la la la 

Lalalalala

Aladeen muthafuckas!


ITT: /r/European brigade
Really should have just tilted this "The Conflict of Cunts".

That woman with the rose tower... christ on a fucking bike. 
I can definitely sympathize here. I live in an incredibly boring city in California that has a similar tourist influx during the summer for some bizarre reason, and let me tell you it's not just the cars :( I have never been as talked down to at work (I'm a waitress and student) by any O.C/L.A. a-hole as I have by some of those guys. Not all are rude, of course, but so many are. I really wish the minor members of the Saudi royal family would find another place to vacation and turn into a "cool" spot. We're close enough to famous beaches and major cities to get a lot of different types of tourists, but they are hands down the rudest and most difficult overall.
I watched about 5 minutes, and I agree that these people are probably rich assholes, but this whole thing is some racist ass propaganda.
Funniest part to me is when the guy says that the neighbour hood is so much cosmo politan, because of invasion of rich people from qatar. I am indian, it was funny how the messers have become the messies. Have we forgotten the good old colonial times, that helped them build an empire???
We used to have a similar problem where I live in Panama City Florida. Every year entitled little college flood into my little town for spring break to party, trash the beaches and act like fools. Until we banned alcohol on the beach which is driving them away. They honestly think we need their parents money but in truth we have the rest of the year to attract tourism and stimulate our local economy. Spring breakers can suck a dick.
This is the stupidest thing I've watched in a long time.
Man, it's going to be great seeing them all broke, living in a giant desert, after the world finally finds a way to cut back on oil consumption.
As much as they're absolute dicks, I did find [this](http://i.imgur.com/OVUt2eM.gifv) quite funny.
Great documentary about massive cunts.
Am I supposed to feel bad for the Londoners? A bunch of smug shit eating cunts colliding with another gang of smug shit eating cunts. They both deserve each other. 
"Sir, I will be seizing this car."

"No!"

"Yes, I've seized it now."

The look on his face is classic. *What!? I can't street race? No please mr copper, take a few hundred pounds to let me go. What!? My money is useless to you? No, please, everyone wants my money!*
These uptight old fogeys should race them for their pink slips.
Put some nails on road and watch them crash. 
I like the constable who's states he's going to seize the vehicle sir...the guys like what? I have seized it now. I loled a little.
I have seen this a lot on affluent busy touristy places in NY and Boston as well
Out of the group of locals that complained about the rich boys and their toys, the only one I felt **slightly sorry** for was the old lady living in the ground floor studio apartment. Pity she's all chummy with the racist fella. I'd feel way more sorry for her then.
Dont know why them being rich has anything to do with where they are from or geopolitical issues. 

Put this in any context be it a council estate in Slough or Texas suburb, I cant say I'd blame anyone for moaning, its disrespectful, dont burn the locals, wherever you go, golden rule.
Lost it when the little Arab assassin boy tried to jab the guy's eye with his umbrella
[deleted]
Just remember, porcelain shatters glass easily.
I've seen some this summer on my trip to London, fancy cars. 
I remember reading a local article (from Gunnison or Montrose) about how this type of shit happened there before, and because of how very shitty they were as guests, and the massive bills they skipped out on, the Colorado Militia put an active bounty on all Saudi "princes" so they can be ransomed off to pay for what they should have in the first place.

That's the last time I heard of any recklessness from any foreign Playboys anywhere in Colorado.

For those who are unaware, the Colorado Militia are NOT good people or anyone you want to be associated with.
Everything that guy Rashid says is so dumb you just listen to it with nothing to say it's poetic
Haha they are so angry while remaining civilized
Well, at least its better than the Chinese Millionaire Boy Racers crashing up their super cars here in LA.
Rich Arabs live a disgusting lifestyle. They want all the trappings of Western Opulence, but without accepting the basic principles that allowed the west to develop literally everything they consume while their countries decayed and beheaded each other. 
After watching this video I feel really sorry for the rich Gulfie men. They have very little social skills. They seem like they are in 2 worlds and they don't know which one they belong to. They know they are headed to the prison of marriage and actually refer to it as that for themselves not for the woman.

The guy wearing the KSA polo shirt seems like a really nice person. But sadly he seems like a man child. Really sad. 

Glad they allowed all sides to speak openly.
Muslim is as Muslim does.
Cunts are cunts, no matter where they come from. Zoom around my house at 70mph and you can bet your arse, that's a paddlin.
Nothing a brick in a sock and bike chain ass woopin would fix. See how smug they are when there's consequences
I love how these Arab dickheads want the best of both worlds. 

I think Londoners should repay them in kind. There are all sorts of ways to fuck up high-end sports cars. Maybe throw some shit in the road where they race, a little sugar in the gas tank, etc.

WE had a stupid bitch who drove through a residential neighborhood with no regard for anyone but herself. The neighbors all started leaving our trash cans in the middle of the road so she'd have to slow down to go around them. She finally moved and it's been much safer on that road since then, according to my old neighbors.

Rich Arabs are a bunch of thoughtless, entitled assholes. 
Speed bumps... You're welcome.
They don't seem like idiots to me. Just kids with too much money.
I absolutly detest people like that. 10/10 would key their cars.
Could someone answer a cultural question? The gentleman in the beginning of the video says,"casinos, bars, and clubs all these things are forbidden in Saudi Arabia." I'm left here thinking, if you're this rich I assume your family has some influence...just build your own casinos, bars, and clubs in SA! 

A Saudi prince is picked up once a month for drugs, hookers, and rape. You cannot possible be telling me that you're trying to save face by not having these businesses in your country.
Arab playboys are going to be extinct in the next 20 years unless they set up massive solar power plants in their desert and figure out how to transport the power to people who need it.
More Arabs being Arabs. No wonder everybody hates them. 
Never see the bitching when it's footballers acting a damn fool on the mean skreets of London. They're only whining because it's non-White people. 
Considering the Middle Easterners bring in hundreds of millions of pounds of business into the local economy, I think a bit of noise is tolerable. 
didn't the british invade all but 22 countries on the planet? turn around is fair play bitches.
The real problem that doesn't seem to have a legal fix is the noise part. Why not just say no revving high after x o'clock or you get a really high fine, I mean high enough that they might stop revving the cars so high at night. They would also have to define very clearly what revving high means. I don't know exactly what the legal process would be to get some type of law like that into government but these residents should try to do that instead of just mindlessly talking about whats wrong and the things they don't like.
Is it not possible to adjust the fines according to income/capital? That would make sure that the fines actually hurt these guys and would generate a lot of money.
"Has anyone ever talked to any of the drivers?" .. no...*facepalm*
Decent documentary, shows all sides, think the policeman was a bit too PC towards the complaining resident instead of hearing him out he pushed out his view ( probably due to the camera being there, observer effect).
This needs to be on r/cringe 
as if driving a lambo doesn't give you enough attention...
Why don't they just rent a racetrack for the day?
How do these ''boys'' get so much money? its not like they own a massive company or something right?

Or do they have rich daddy's
All the cars these Arab millionaires crave for are made by companies of the infidel world. A Saudi-Arabian or Qatari company has never managed to produce a sophisticated piece of engineering such as a Lamborghini Aventador or a Mercedes-Benz C-class AMG. 
These people are part of the reasons why we need fallout to happen irl.
Money doesn't buy class and refinement.
Pelt the cars with paint stripper.
Half the problem seems to be racist residents who don't like the way their neighborhood is changing and can't accept that change happens.  Too bad.  Deal with it.

The other half of the problem is people with fancy cars thinking they can race through the streets at 2am with the engines blasting.  The police need to stop pulling people over for mere license plate or insurance violations and do stake-outs late at night and during the day to catch the people who are driving recklessly.  There also need to be standards for muffler volume and enforcement for violations.  I laughed at the guy talking about being "picked on".  He says "Ferraris, as you know, are loud cars.  The engines are for [sic] 3000 rpm naturally open up create a sound, a sound that many of us have come to love."  Uh, sure.  But what gives you the right to fill the neighborhood with that sound any time of the day or night?  Save it for the track.  The guys who have no respect for the noise and danger they are causing on city streets are the ones that need to have their cars impounded.  They're inconsiderate assholes.

Everything else is cultural issues that should be a non-issue.  Around the world you get some locals complaining about the swarms of tourists that show up for part of the year to spend money.
SO...BRITISH.

oh my god these people need to take the sticks out of their asses! They live in a prosperous, safe, historic, and beautiful area, nothing that good comes without a price. 
1 Month of cars. Per YEAR. Tons of tourist income.

boo fucking hoo. 
Just shows how racist the posh London people are.
What a bunch of whiny residents. Idk didn't get very far in the video, but none of them were racing. This sounds like my neighbor who complained and threatened to call the cops because I was speeding...when in actuality I was going 30 in a 35 and my foot slipped off the clutch and I couldn't get it in the next gear making me rev my engine.

People are stupid. 
So glad our immigration policies are so much more restrictive than England's
TLDR; rich people problems caused by richer people
Anybody else see the irony in rich people complaining about being driven out of their neighborhoods by other rich people?
What a bunch of whiners. The people that are upset about this once a year event are definitely the minority.

Z

First world problems. 
I feel for them but its like that in every large city. Here in NYC every summer you have the same shitt from London/Russian/Israeli milllion/billionaires who buzz all the up and coming neighborhoods every morning with their helicopteres
All that money and they couldve had those cars in a manual transmission. Would make them 2x more fun
white people do this to themselves.  don't want to work hard on plantations?  too greedy to pay for unskilled labor?  if it's 200 years ago, bring in slaves.  If its 2015, use illegal mexicans.  now these real estate rich brits would rather price out these homes from the upper class of britain to the insane unskilled unintelligent oil wealth of the gulf states, it's their own fault they're now stuck with these obnoxious arab youths racing on residential streets.
Arabs are assholes. 
these london people seem like they are looking for something to complain about. at 5:00.. some little kid walks by with an umbrella and the london dude freaks out on him.. BE CAREFUL FOR GOODNESS SAKE. dude chill the fuck out, the kid is like 10 years old walking with an umbrella. what a douche.
[deleted]
Brit peasants won't do anything about it. They are peasants. It is against their nature to stand up to the wealthy exploiting them and their communities. 
The first girl complaining about noise has hearing aids. Take them out when sleeping? 
Glad to see xenophobia is alive and well 
I'm American and watched the video in full. It really just sounds like Londoners complaining and to some extent being culturally ignorant. I think their argument would better improved if they could actually show damages instead of just temporarily reduced quality of life. And if there aren't damages... Well, put earplugs in, I guess. 
Sugar in the gas tank just the fuck with them. ;)
Title sounds like rich people being angry with other rich people.
Really rich people are annoying rich people... good. 
r/britishproblems/
Irony at its finest from the Brits, at least they've "invaded" peacefully 
So, the rich being bugged by the super rich and we are supposed to be concerned or interested?
Boo hoo. Rich white people complaining about rich Arabs.
Am I the only one not fuming with jealousy over these Arabs? I'm 23, if I had money like that, I'd be doing the same shit! All you uptight people who want quiet streets and shitty cars should go move to the countryside and stay out of the big city. Quit being so racist lol. I live in California, maybe we have a higher tolerance for foreigners than England does? Idk
Worth a watch if you listen to the podcast. Although it comes across a bit mawkish with lots of stuff about how the show empowers outsider types. It's main bent seems to be a vehicle for Harmons ego.
#CHIIIOPS
If you like this, check out the Harmontown podcasts.
I like Dan Harmon, and I like the Harmontown Podcast, and I was excited to see this. I was really disappointed though. A lot of it was dark. When a narrative does emerge about the show being redemptive and a refuge for the outcasts, it just felt self-indulgent and congratulatory. 
ITT: Dan Harmon is ~~a dick to be around~~ a lot like rick.
The documentary was good, but it was kinda sad to see the stress that comes with that kind of job... And the alcoholism. That was also sad 
Love his work but Harmon seems like a total dick to be around
I was on the latest episode as a guest. Dan invited me up to talk about the relationship I have with my mom who is very sick. He's so unbelievably raw and open. Pretty nerve-racking experience but one I thoroughly enjoyed. Thanks for the pint of vodka on ice, Dan!
If like me, you find the voice of the actor of Rick and Morty extremely hilarious, check out Grandma's Virginity Podcast. It's not always top-notch but I've had some good laughs from it. 
I watched this a week or two ago on Netflix. I had limited knowledge of Harmon going into this (I didn't even know he had a podcast named Harmontown), knowing only that he created Community and helped create Rick and Morty. I think this is a good documentary. It's interesting, funny, a bit heart-breaking, and has a good narrative arc.
Dan is capable of being a piece of shit. A vitriolic, borderline abusive, train wreck of a drunk really. But he is also can be good-natured, well-intentioned, and an overall brilliant and funny man. He is talented, but he is raw. He's himself with faults and all and that puts people off. I mostly listen to his podcast, Harmontown, and while this documentary is good, the podcast gives you better insight into his genuine personality. Also Rick and Morty is the best.
It's also on netflix
I watched this on a first date. It's absolutely brutal
Whoa... I just realized Birdmans voice is Dan Harmons real voice. 
Loved this.
This is a very very well made, emotional, story-driven documentary.  Took me by surprise the first time I watched it. 
Whoa whoa whoa. Hold on there. Dan Harmon, while clearly very much involved in bringing Rick and Morty to our TVs its current form, did NOT create Rick and Morty (or what became it, rather). That honor belongs to Justin Roiland.
Beautiful documentary IMO
Why does no one ever mention Heat Vision and Jack when discussing Harmon? 
I watched this recently, and it got me into listening to the podcast. I'm very pleased with it. It's not for everyone, though.
[Official photo of Justin Roiland](http://m.imdb.com/name/nm1551598/mediaindex?rmconst=rm2488644608&amp;ref_=m_nmmi_mi_nm_pbl_1), he's the voice of Rick.  Cracks me up,  as he requests this photo be used for all press.
Justin royland created Rick and morty, with dan Harmon
Hold up, Rick and Morty and Community were created by the same guy?
Rick and Morty is the best cartoon of all time. 
I saw this at an early screening before a live Harmontown podcast in Seattle. Dino ruined the show. Made eye contact with Erin in the lobby though, so that was nice.
TIL podcast tours are a thing.
It's not available in Australia
I'm totally in this for a second. I went to see one of the shows during the Harmontown tour, and remember seeing the cameras around. I watched the documentary thinking that there's no way I'd end up in the final product, but freaked out when I saw myself. 
Excuse me this man made both of my favorite shows? Fucking genius 
And they promise it will be as good as [their behind the scenes](https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/3rx10f/rick_and_mortys_behind_the_scenes/) /s
Is there any place I can watch this without signing up on some shitstain website?
Spencer is the hero!!
this was aweeeeeessoooooome, started listening to the harmontown podcasts at work and cant stop giggling
Wow, I see so much of Rick in Dan. :/ It's like... self-destructive, but he doesn't want to actually ASK for help.

Like other comment state: He kinda seems like a dick to be around, as much as we love him. We all love Rick, but in reality, it'd be so annoying being around him.
Bruh, Justin Roiland created rick and morty. 
I couldn't watch the whole thing. He just seems like a dick and I really hate people who take themselves so seriously.
Bruh, Justin Roiland created rick and morty. 
Although it comes across a bit heart-breaking, and has a good documentary.
Rick and Morty is seriously overrated.
If like me, you find the voice of the actor of Rick and Morty extremely hilarious, check out Grandma's Virginity Podcast. It's not always top-notch but I've had some good laughs from it. 
Saving
He's a great showrunner and writer, but the more you realize you'd never want him as a theme of this.
The part where the girlfriends are crying on their shoulders when the drug traffickers get the death penalty is quite heart-breaking.
This was a great niche doc, I didn't know these things about this region.
So how does the recent election play into this. The National League for Democracy controls parliament and gets to pick the next president. Will the new government side with the ethnic groups the current military has been using the drug cartels to suppress?
The more effort is put into making it illegal, the more profitable it becomes to make and sell it.  A war on drugs fuels the black market and makes a large number of wealthy and powerful people related to the industry.

There is only one solution to many of the issues associated with this video, it's to make these substances legal, legal like tabacco.

I am sure some will say they find the effects and lifestyles certain people lead disagreeable, sadly, this is probably the root of the destructiveness that creating laws that make victimless ideas illegal.  Just because something is harmful to someone, just like tabacco and alcohol, does not mean it needs to be made illegal.

Basically, any war on drugs, like a war on many things, is counter productive.

To me, there is little to no difference between coffee, tabacco, meth, heroin, weed, alcohol and so on.  People consume these substances all for similar reasons, they want to influence their state of mind using chemicals.  The consumption of these chemicals alone harms nobody.

A lot of people look at consuming various substances like the root cause of a problem, I think addiction is a symptom of an individuals personal issues.  When someones life isn't so great, they rely on certain distractions to get them through their sense of reality.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao8L-0nSYzg 

"A man forced against his will is of the same opinion still."  Trying to physically harm, arrest, attack, berate, or in any way use negativity to try to get a person to change their behavior, at least pertaining to addiction, isn't likely to work and likely to have the opposite effect.
I just wanted to hug that guy that got lashed at the end.
[deleted]
I saw the "religious groups" whip one of the users and just thought, if he is dependant on it for work, theres no way he's gonna stop taking it. Rehabilitation isn't even a effective option in struggling working class communities if the user is using it to get through the day and make ends meet. 
Wow, what a world we live in. 
Any recommendations for similar docs?  Looks at drugs from around the world are interesting to me.
The post processing was great and I like the overview of the situation. Good doc all around
At first glance I read the title as ASDA's meth wars.

Wouldn't be a shock.
For those who can't watch video right now, they have some excellent long-form text on this as well - http://www.globalpost.com/asias-meth-wars
YouTube link??
There was a piece about this done for Bizarre Magazine years back. It was a crazy read and made our meth problem look like a day in the park.
It is heart breaking to see them struggle with addiction. The Church does all that it can to help these people overcome their addiction and to find inspiration for becoming a better person. I know that Reddit hates Christians with a passion, please don't down-vote me. Does anyone have a link as to where I can donate to help these Church rehab programs?
The death penalty doesn't reduce the crime rate? ...It reduces it by 1...
i tried it. feels good man
Once again...religion. 

Fuck sake.

EDIT: what are the down votes for? Did nobody watch the documentary? The Christian Church fuel this garbage. Like they do in Africa. 
[deleted]
GOD DAMN IT MARIE- it's Myanmar not rocks. 
And Hillary wants to bring Democracy to this country.
This documentary was truly riveting. Also one of the best pieces of investigative journalism I've ever seen. It was definitely deserving of an Oscar.
This was by far the greatest documentary I have ever watched. They set out to tell a certain story, and changed it as history unfolded around them. Simply amazing.
Unfortunately in the Congo these magestic creatures are doomed within our lifetime. Really depressing. 
Saw the documentary a while back. It's one of the best I've seen on the subject. It's sad what our collective greed is doing to life around us.
I've been fortunate enough to visit the Virunga National Park (in early 2014 - 2 weeks after Emmanuel de Merode was shot). I've visited lots of wild places but Virunga is hands down the most magical place I've been, the Nyiragongo lights up the clouds at night while chimps shriek nearby. Amazing wildlife, fantastic people and beautiful scenery. Furthermore trakking to the top of the volcano is now open - something I couldn't do due to heavy rebel activity. If anyone is looking for an adventurous place to go, I cannot recommend it enough. The more people that visit, the more the forest and gorillas are worth to the local people (the park is involved in a variety of community projects and employs as many local people as possible on a very good salary) and the better their chances of protection!
The best part of this film is the buzz created was so great that the oil company in question very recently dropped their bid to extract fossil fuels from the region. This documentary really got through to people and they created a lot of pressure for that company to leave.
The footage from this movie moved me beyond tears. Once it ended, I just had this powerless frustration paralyze me. It's certainly a weird time to have access to so much information,  be educated on an issue, and in reality, have very limited options to handle/correct a problem. Our kids (and grandkids) will look at our colossal failures in outrage.
[Another link](http://cinema.solarmovie.ph/link/play/4076127/) for the doc
I can not vouch for this doc enough. Came up on my Netflix last year and watched it at least 3 times. It doesn't just tell you about a subject, it tells you a true story and watches as it unfolds. Very powerful.
Fascinating, heart breaking, inspiring. One of the better documentaries I've seen in a really, really long time. Compelled me to donate to the effort - which very few documentaries ever get me to do.

My wife and I even started looking into vacation packages to the park in the documentary, to try to help infuse some tourist dollars into the area.
A must watch.  Very good.  

I watched it on Netflix.  You guys can check if it's still streaming...  
Caught this on Netflix back in May. Really, really great documentary.
keep your add block strong: I clicked on the first version of this and it make my computer go banana bonkers from spyware
Saw this at a doc festival along with Cambodian son, the act of killing, illmatic, and Banksy in NY. All great docs! 
The first 10 minutes of this made me so ashamed of Britain, and the rest of humanity in general. Excellent documentary though. 
Sounds interesting. Does anybody know if this is on Netflix?
Just finished watching it and I can truly say it is one of the best documentaries I have ever seen. Brilliant in every way. 
The title here sounds like it's that movie Congo... glad it's not
Wow, a documentary situation about these individuals who do a gorilla saving situation.
Mount 1 or 2 laser guns on that gorilla's back and I swear it will survive longer.
Anyone else think this was a boxing glove from the thumbnail??
Under reported events is all we have now.
This sub does a pretty terrible job of being politically neutral.
There are a lot of people claiming that this is basically made up: What I want to see from these people is one concrete example or a link to source which provides such an example. I'm not saying that all of these claims or parts of them aren't substantiated in their totality forever, it's just: So far, in this thread, they are (unsubstantiated). When somebody writes: *This is made up* - and when asked why responds with: *I don't remember but it is* - well, I can't imagine the documentary could have possibly been more ridiculous with its version of events.
Spoiler alert from someone who loves history and is left wing: It sucks. The blatant lies and exagerations drive me insane.
Oliver Stone is also featured in this documentary that came out yesterday: Mindfulness: Be Happy Now. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duX_X17W-P8

Thanks
I watched most of this series. I love Oliver Stone but it's extremely historically inaccurate. He also apologizes for the millions of deaths caused under communist regimes and basically blames the west for everything bad that's ever happened in the last 100 years. He's really rooting for socialism in the series but I felt like he just makes it look bad and makes himself look like an apologist quack.

EDIT:
When we talk about bias in history let's look at Oliver Stone's very obvious bias against America, he was a vietnam vet who became fiercely anti imperialst and based his entire career around taking down America. 

Everyone is saying "waaa where's the examples" and like I said I don't have the time or energy to steal the show again, watch a few episodes and do the research but when I watched it a year ago I did see most of it, enjoyed it, WANTED it to be true but decided to fact check because everything stated in the doc seemed a little to black and white. Ended up being a crock of shit. I love Oliver Stone, I think he's one of the greatest film makers of our time, and I wanted to give him every benefit of the doubt but it was very biased and very loose with facts. Obviously people who love it's message will think it's the best thing since Bell Hooks but it's basically Ollie's delusional world view on celluloid. He should stick to narrative films where facts don't matter.
Oliver Stone is in town promoting his new film
I wanted to like this because I love history documentaries, but this is straight up conspiracy. Can this sub get any worse? I want to see cool shit, but all I see is agenda. 
I love this show but someone told me Oliver Stone doesn't care about historical accuracy and now I'm afraid to continue.
I read the book, I heartily recommend it. Smart people can read it and see through the parts where Stone's bias influences his interpretation. What this book does give you is the US history not in the history books. Did we have to nuke Japan and did it really save lives? What really led us into Vietnam? You don't have to accept everything as absolute fact. ALL histories are buased.
Just read the Howard Zinn book.
Americans have never done anything bad. The country is squeaky clean! Do mess with them or they'll prove it ;)
This "documentary" has some very serious issues with accuracy. It is very apparent that Stone has a political axe to grind throughout the entirety of the series, periodically interjecting his political opinions into his historical analysis. Stone is a great film maker but a terrible historian. I would not recommend this series to anybody. 
I'm trying to get my teenage daughter to watch this
Oliver Stone really loves Wallace in this documentary. 
Was very boring i'm sad that i wasted time watching this when it was on.
Just a preview, fuck off
what's up w/ the speed of these videos?  the voices are off (slightly higher pitched).
I have a book in my library, "The Underhanded History of the United States." Similar theme.
The worst, most monotone, repetitive narration ever recorded. I couldn't get past two episodes when this was first released.
Oliver Stone... 
Oliver Stone should stick to writing and directing poorly researched dramas.

History is written by winners and the best paid public relations types
Yo I got some untold history like the fact that Catholics specifically Irish and German were discriminated against not just blacks(although blacks had it worse) yet do you learn this in history no you learn about the terrible racism against blacks and not the ones against the other races. 
Fuck the US. They are a war mongering people. They are all racist and fat. 
And that's why we call it "revisionist history". The "New NEW" history. The fact that it fits a political narrative is just coincidence. -_-

Google China Cultural Revolution. That's what Ollie wants.
[1932, A True History of the United States](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgcdRCWEt4Q)
 /r/documentaries have really gone to shit when a paranoid conspiracy theorist makes top post. 
Fuck the US. They are a war mongering people. They are all racist and fat. 
&gt; Oliver Stone

Now I know this will be an extremely biased and inaccurate video.

I'll pass.
Oliver Stone should stick to writing and directing poorly researched dramas.

History is written by winners and the best paid public relations types
Oliver Stone, the *ancient aliens guy* of American history. 
The problem with this documentary series is, although it speaks to several little known stories and turning points it is focused through Stone's extreme left wing ideology instead of taking a more neutral tone. I really like the series but you have to watch it while keeping this in mind. 
According to Oliver Stone...
Oliver Stones' Reimagining of events. 
Oliver Stone is a conspiracy nut and should never be taken seriously. Period.

The fact that his films have actually gone so far as to change people's minds about real, factual events in history, is beyond me. People still cite the entire "magic bullet" bullshit as a legitimate argument for why a single shot couldn't have hit both victims.
Oliver Stone is a terribley boring narrator.
Stone got the story of Alexander of Macedonia so wrong, I hesitate to watch anymore of his fantasies.


The fact that this is getting so upvoted is telling me that r/documentaries has a lot of conspiracy nuts with critical thinking deficiencies. 
Um no thanks
ISIS is already full of children who are now young men who grew up in war. 

It's not that hard to get people to retail lists violently when all theyve known is violence. 
Haven't watched this one yet, but saw one kind of like it on PBS. It's so tragic to think that from the time of birth onwards children are being conditioned towards such hatred and violence. They don't even have a chance to believe anything else. It would be like being born in a prison. It makes me wonder if we have any humane way of deprogramming or reconditioning young fighters who find themselves victims of such brutality and brainwashing, especially since so many of them were never given any other options.

&amp;nbsp;

edit: just watched it and it's so infuriating and sad to see this sort of wickedness perpetrated against kids who are never given a choice. the documentary does mention deradicalization efforts at a school in Turkey. I would like to know more about how effective these deradicalizing schools are and how they would go about bringing a child back from an experience like suicide bomb training or being forced to carry out an execution. When I hear the frustrated sentiment commonly shared here on reddit that we have to exterminate the inhuman scum that is Daesh, I have to wonder do we include the children, because many of the enemy are just that, children, teens, and young adults.
This is horrible, these kids are being programmed to kill and die for their cause. If this will continue it's going to be a problem for all of us.
I posted this last night, but it was at a strange hour, so I removed and posted again this morning. Shit is really fucking sad.

I made a big deal about the Christian crazies after watching Jesus Camp, but that's NOTHING compared to this kind of indoctrination and brainwashing.

Can anyone tell me how the journalist making the the documentary was able to get such good footage of ISIS training grounds?
So IS is pretty much Nazi Germany now with there own hitlerjugen.
It would be interesting to see this from an American perspective. Regarding 8 young kids as their society and culture indoctrinates them into enlisting and brainwashes them to carry out equally unthinkable acts. I mean I know my brothers and sisters in the service aren't going out there and systematically murdering people on camera, at least to my knowledge. But I know what we've been through is similar, at least in regards to otherwise "unthinkable acts" in a time of conflict (which since nine eleven has been pretty nonstop.) 
We've reached a new and final low. I don't know or want to know what could be lower.
I wonder what people like Reza Azlan have to say about this since you know - it's just violent people bringing violence into the religion and not what the religion is all about.
This is really sad. The reality of the situation is a majority of these kids are past the point of no return too which unfortunately pools them in with the rest of them. These aren't kids anymore, their soldiers. It's really starting to look like the only way to completely resolve this situation is wipe out the entirety of ISIS. At least to a point where they can't regroup and return. 

What baffles me is the westerner's that go over there to join. You have it good here, don't feed me that bullshit that you don't.
What? Religious people would never ever brainwash kids. I'm sure it says the in the bible somewhere.
There's no simple solution for this. Suffering is horrible and needs not exist. 

Sadly they and others will continue to inflict suffering untill a rock bottom is reached. Only then will there be a foundation to build. For now, they are merely products of their self-tormented environment.

 The hardest part is knowing there's nothing I or anyone could do or say to change it all.  Their path is filled with suffering and only they can make the choice to say enough is enough. My only hope is that they listen to their suffering, as to make it their greatest teacher.
Child soldiers is nothing new. Isis is in such a spot light right any coverage can make the news. 
It's always interesting to me that when boys are mostly effected by something like this, they whitewash it and say "children" but if it's girls they'll let you know throughout.
All religions do this (lookin' at YOU, home-schoolers). Pound that nonsense into their heads when they're young and receptive to anything  authority figures say. This is where freaks and fanatics come from. It's a human shame.
[deleted]
ISIS are jerks!
This actually explains why the military drone operators had to launch "attacks" against kids. For those not in the know, the semi-recent drone whistleblowers explained that ISIS soldiers were considered by the military no younger than 12.
What strikes me (no pun intended), is that there is no coverage on the ease that the parents relinquish their children to the "indoctrination".  Do the parents and relatives simply give up their children or are they complicit to brainwashing?  Were they helpless?  Or could it be that they are sympathizers themselves?  Which ever it is, these children have no future.
Pieces of shit.
A lot of African rebel fighters did this in the past. It is not new. Daesh is responsible for many atrocities. This is just another barbaric act of people, who think they can live their own fantasies of human abuse without retribution.

Daesh days have grown very short in recent weeks. You cannot stand with a few hundred thousand and piss off the rest of the world in the fashion they have, then expect no penalty.

The unfortunate side is daesh wont end with clearing them from Syria. It takes re education from the Muslim faith to sort this out. But more so, Muslims have to learn to live with each other. It is inbreed to hate people not of their own community. It is hardly surprising they can migrate their feelings of hate towards outside nations.
Eradication, its the only way
time for the world to stamp on these murdering bastards. 
So IS is pretty much Nazi Germany now with there own hitlerjugen.
Other videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3tkzf3?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
['Are we the Baddies?' Mitchell and Webb Funny Nazi Scetch](https://youtube.com/watch?v=hn1VxaMEjRU)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3tkzf3/_/cx7mgxc?context=10#cx7mgxc) - When you&amp;#39;re ordering children to kill themselves...  Are we the baddies? 
[Reza Aslan  Slams Bill Maher for Facile Arguments’ About Muslim Violence](https://youtube.com/watch?v=PzusSqcotDw&amp;t=283s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3tkzf3/_/cx7hipz?context=10#cx7hipz) - Religion is like a gun. Depending on the person who uses it, it can be used to protect or destroy.  Reza Azlan said it himself, religion isn&amp;#39;t violent. Here listen to it yourself.   
[Four Lions Trailer](https://youtube.com/watch?v=yGk2TojOd-4)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3tkzf3/_/cx7u2nr?context=10#cx7u2nr) - Or imagine 5 years ago an uproarious dark comedy with a British terrorist cell. 
[Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs - Grimm's Fairy Tales - Full Story](https://youtube.com/watch?v=II-OZIxS7Z0)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/3tkzf3/_/cx7sh1t?context=10#cx7sh1t) - What you are stating is absolute gibberish.  Your first link is based on an &amp;quot;alleged us agent&amp;quot;. it also states &amp;quot;Though his words cannot be regarded as the unvarnished  truth&amp;quot; and then follows with a long document t...
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
They learned from Hamas 
“ISIS' children: soldiers trained to kill and die (2015) - How ISIS recruits children as young as 8 and systematically indoctrinates and brainwashes them to carry out unthinkable acts.”
Which is worse? Corrupting the mental renditions of children, in order to install destructive delusions. Or failing to school all children, in the ways of cogently test-questioning every narrative they may encounter throughout their lifetimes. Although the former may result in sections of the species being annihilated. Won’t the latter potentially create the conditions necessary for an extinction of the entire species? Why is it that establishments fear rational examination of their ideologies? Surely that which is without error cannot be harmed by such investigation. But maybe that reticence has a rational excuse for its existence. So can anyone please explain, why narratives that are less than eager to put themselves up for intellectual validation are in any way worth preserving?  

'Brainwashing' is actually a made-up word and pseudoscience :)
Man...this reminded me of Beasts of No Nation (check it out on Netflix - about an African child soldier). What a dark world these children live in.
There's a worrying lack of concern amongst governments that in 10 years these child soldiers will be a well trained and barbaric army.
And then those children grow up and continue the cycle.
what kind of brainwashing is required when your outlook on life is either die a hero or starve to death? i mean i'd rather have them work for me in some slave factory too. much more convenient.
Islam is not a race.
Fight this dreadful curse on humanity
This is what people don't realize about the refugees.

The fact that many of them still are very religious. And they are going to hold on to their religion. And while it may be harmless and they may be peaceful, all it takes is one radical person to know how to use Islam  to recruit kids from the peaceful refugees into the ranks of terrorists. 

What the countries should be doing is taking those refugees and indoctrinating them against their Islamic beliefs. 
If they could understand what I mean by Darwinism... I wouldn't feel so bad. Seriously, is there any moderate Islamic celebrities speaking out?
Isis is created and funded by the us govt.   This is propaganda
So, just like our army. Only we recruit at 18.
And you're foolish if u think they're not mixed in with the "refugees"
And, absolutely no one here will realize that they were indoctrinated with Christianity in exactly the same manner...
Like Spartans but far less badass
i hope they all come to sense one day terrorist and non terrorist

[deleted]
Why is no one mentioning [this](https://www.google.com/search?q="Now+they're+worried+about+three-year-old+orphans.")?

Obama mocked his critics by saying they're afraid of third graders.

[deleted]
This is sick anti-muslim propoganda.
I need to leave a comment b/c its a bit hard to explain. 
Essentially, a website is created by these two people posing to be from Shell, or Exxon etc. Not just oil companies. They wait for a random email to find a way in. Often it will come in the form of speaking at a conference in front of other corporate drones. The "spokesperson for shell", AKA the guy in the documentary, will go public on an outstanding issue that these corporations have ignored or royally fucked up. They will offer a remedy or whatever. This remedy will make whatever target look very good. When the corporation realizes theyve been misrepresented they have to go back on their word, which in turn raises awareness to an issue and puts these shitheads on blast. 


Its extremely influential and eye opening. more so than any documentary ive seen. I really hope you guys take a look because i feel very helpless as i sit and watch our planet and our society get eaten alive. I believe this is a documentary EVERYONE needs to watch. To reiterate, Needs. Its so unbelievably important and this is just a step to gaining awareness. Not only that, but its actually quite funny as well. 


Enough preaching. Hope you enjoy! Thanks. 
Thank you so much for posting this, I had no idea any of this had happened. It's... disgusting what they've done. It's also incredible what these two guys were able to do, against these huge corporations.
This yurt seems awesome
I had a class back in college with one of these guys, Igor Vamos. Super cool, super nice dude.
This is brilliant, I was on the edge of my seat while watching the BBC interview scene. Thanks for sharing.
Freakin' love these guys!
These guys are the Edward Snowden of the worlds corrupt corporatocracy.  There is very little new information here to those in the know, but to hear them bring out these truths in the words of the very corporations that twist them so badly is outstanding.
I love these guys. They've been at the game for years, and they're fucking awesome. 
[The Corporation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4ou9rOssPg)

[The Century of the Self](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJ3RzGoQC4s)
Their ["Vivoleum" prank](http://theyesmen.org/hijinks/vivoleum) is one of my all-time favorite social hacks.
360p? wtf is this guys, my 3 year old camera takes higher video than that.

Anyone got a better link?
Good post. Thanks for calling this to my attention.
I wonder when these guys are going to mysteriously die one night. Ya know..by the hitman hired by all the corporations they pissed off. But they are doing the right thing and fully support their ideas and actions.
This was one of the early submissions on [Vodo.net](http://vodo.net)!
fantastic!
She says at the start that he's the worlds only Muslim creationist, what a fantastic level of research she did. 
What the hell did I just watch? Is he trying to be the Hugh Hefner of Islam?
This "documentary" seemed to be really poorly done. It seemed like the presenter didn't do any research on basic things like Islam's view of creationism, Adnan Oktar (Harun Yahya) and his "works", or anything really. The "research" she showed in the video consisted of links to videos on his website. 

Plus she was hella awkward towards the end when one of the women recommended a few books for her to read. Definitely a really really weird group of people, but the presenter did not present the information in an educational way. It seemed like it was more focused on "lol look how weird these people are" than anything else.
Keeping Up With the Oktarians
I liked the guy in the background zoning out when blondie was talking and then casually checking /r/theredpill for new comments:


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bH21w2R0hc#t=13m45s
I wish they would have invited the prominent feminist they interviewed in the beginning of the segment to join them during Oktar's episode. It would have been fascinating to have heard her questions and lines of reasoning. .
I would love to see a proper documentary on real Islamic feminism (with women like Alev Erkilet at 3:26). I didn't learn anything from this documentary except how weird this cult is. 
Wow.   That was bizarre.  

"Darwin said there was race." (as in, he invented the concept of human races)

"Darwin said woman is like dog you can play with."

"This picture of a seahorse looks like this dead seahorse we got, so evolution is a myth."  
I honestly thought this was a post on r/subredditsimulator because that sounds insane, definitely bookmarking this for a watch later.
The documentary host/creator looked SOO out of place and uncomfortable when they did the weird chair dancing stuff. The world is strange place, indeed!
I skimmed over the title and I read that this was a Muslim cult of kittens. As in real tiny fur babies. Which would be so adorable! But unfortunately that is not what is going on here.
What a horrible interviewer. This documentary was terrible. 
I love this for so many reasons. It's great for the west to see that in many muslim countries there is an extreme divergence of beliefs within the realm of Islam. We tend to only hear about the extremists, when in reality, they have crazy shit like this just like we do in the west. It's a total challenge to the Islam we are always presented with. 

on the other hand, that vocal fry is driving me nuts. 
I fucking hate these people. No training in journalism or research in general. Go back to working at Starbucks where you belong.
What was that? That was awful. The reporter just went in with an entire judgmental outlook and shitty attitude. Everything they said made sense (except the whole misinformation on Darwin). The 'kitten' was well-spoken. It's very fucked up to claim they're not 'Muslims' just because they don't fit the aesthetics of a typical Muslim. 
[Bring in the femBOTS!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2FgjxOVapg)

I've seen this years ago when living in Turkey - most Turks aren't taking this even a little bit serious.  I have seen a lot of people shaking their head, chuckling and saying, "Budasa turkiye yavrum!"  Which roughly translated means, "This is Turkey darling, anything may happen.  (Sort of like our saying: "Only in America!"

They've edited this to sell their own spin - clearly a staged dog and pony show with the fossils and TV show forum. Using the word "superiority" tied to any group whether Feminism or Arianism is pandering to that group - a sort of propagandizing of ideology. Irrespective of his real intentions, he's using his theological knowledge (and that of creationism and feminism) to pander to women born into Islam but are trying to reconcile their belief system with post-modern feminism in the west.

The presenter was terrible.  She didn't show us anything we didn't already suspect - that this is a cult TV spectacle. In fact, I found the "reporter" an equally weird misfit. It's 2015 and all normal, average women wear make up. And even if they don't they experimented in their teen years.  This woman comes off as pretentious and snarky - stating the fossils in the book as fake?  Great research! Equally annoying was the drunken valley girl vocal inflection or vocal fry.
What a peculiar and fascinating cult.
I found it strange how despite the women supposedly being 'above' men the 'kitten' still had to ask Oktar's permission to answer questions.
the subtitles are wrong half the time
I'm starting to question whether VICE docs have turned to shit recently or if they've always been shit and I just didn't notice because I agreed with what they were saying
Potentially could have been an insightful doc shame. Imagine if Theroux did this
Fascinating subject matter. The grating vocal fry, inflection and disinterested manner of the host, along with her readily apparent bias, make any deep exploration of the man and his kittens somewhat absent.

Still, these people are all crazy.
&gt;Adnan Oktar is the most notorious cult leader in Turkey

People in Turkey constantly make fun of him and his videos, I can't say it makes your cult much notorious, but more like a joke.

&gt;Oktar and his kittens even have their own television network to broadcast their views

This is like one rich guy creates the most local network. So yeah "network" sounds way too off IMHO.


TIL- A Muslim man can clone women.
This girl's accent is just unbearable.

Sorry.
This is just not a professional manner for a presenter to speak, very distracting.
I laughed so hard when they put makeup onher that made her look like a toned down version of the "kittens" she sat with. A truly bizarre look into what looks like the creationist playboy mansion. But I would be way interested to hear more from that actual Muslim feminist she spoke to in the begining! 
This documentary could of been a lot more powerful if they had a different interviewer, I really did not feel as if her attitude contributed to this subject. She seemed more interested in the superficial values of this cult, like the makeup, than anything else.
That girl with nice nice nice boobs at the end .. I love you
Seeing what they looked like before all the plastic surgery and makeup is just sad. I think a lot of them were naturally beautiful. In my opinion they look worse now, and they look like every other girl on "reality" TV.
Dude is living the dream.
Why do female documentary film-makers seem to believe that a droning monotone voice is the way to narrate films?
Only two minutes in, but I want to slap the shit out of the female presenter because of her valley girl vocal fry.  FUCKKKKKK
Why do the women all look the same and have pounds of makeup on? 
Oh, it's Harun Yahyah. I thought I knew this face. I knew about his creationist views, but I had no idea he made this weird cult. It's like /r/bimbofetish and /r/creationist had a baby. 
I've never felt more uncomfortable watching something....
This guy knows what he's doing.
This was really random
can someone tell me what a muslim creationist is? i tried to google it, and i know it's a stupid question, but oh well
Holy shit some locals were trying to explain this show to me when it came on while I was travelling in Turkey.
Islamic "Sprockets". Evolution is not true, now we dance.
Does he bang the kittens?
Establishing an untruth as fact.  Kitten provides misinformation about American women CEOs making less than men.  [Ref 1 USA Today 2015: Women Trump Men](http://americasmarkets.usatoday.com/2015/04/30/surprise-women-trump-men-on-ceo-pay/).  Also, women make up more than 65% of small business ownership and beat men in investment capital than do men. [Ref 2: Female Investors](http://money.cnn.com/2015/02/19/investing/investing-women-men/)  
~~19:07~~ chick scopes out the two hotties walking past

EDIT: 18:40
Anything similar to feminism is bound to be cult-like.
They all look the same. If I'm going to enjoy multiple women (which I have no problem with) then I'm going to have multiple colors and shapes. WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS GUY?
I've only watched a minute or so but the vocal fry tones are making me want to scratch my ears off
Nice mom jeans.
I am feeling that song at about 11 min into it, also im double feeling all those russian trannies dancing to it and their masters in the background
wtf
Being a Christian feminist is just as far-fetched
I'm confused on what his beliefs are...is he saying women should be worshiped or degraded?


Feminist Muslims? That's the worst combination I've ever hear of. 
Islamic Feminist?  What will they think of next?
Being a Christian feminist is just as far-fetched
Being a Christian feminist is just as far-fetched
I don't know what...wow...okay.

So...that's a really interesting way of...um...thinking and viewing women.

I think I'll just show myself out, and leave this to my betters to discuss.
The.next Manson family
They all look stupid puppets, when they all do the same dance move to the music that they randomly start playing.


Guys this is not islam. This is a crazy deviant cult claiming to be islamic.

I wish like a 100000 chicks got together to fight these dudes. with guns and their tits out and everything as they blast ak47's into these assholes and for every battle victory? they'd all be eating eachother out. Become the alphas of the middle east and create a new Amazonian female tribe but in the middle east. That would be so badass
When I saw the kittens, it reminded me of a quote from a movie called 7 Years in Tibet and it went a little something like this: "yellow head, yellow head." 
Quotes/paraphrases from the video:

"there's no difference between a woman and a table. ([12:33](https://youtu.be/7bH21w2R0hc?t=748))

"Darwin also hates women" ([14:02](https://youtu.be/7bH21w2R0hc?t=843))

Silly music time. ([16:05](https://youtu.be/7bH21w2R0hc?t=965))

In the end she says "that was the weirdest thing I have ever gone through in my life" ([16:38](https://youtu.be/7bH21w2R0hc?t=998))
Apparently 

they haven't heard 

that one should never go

"Full Retard". 
| kinetic energy weapons

Is that when you throw your gun at the enemy?
Few people today realize that we went ahead and actually *built and deployed* a small part of this system, despite the fact that it never worked *even once* in testing.

What they did conclusively demonstrate during testing was that if one or two enemy nukes are launched with plenty of warning and in daylight and good weather, if the missiles either don't use decoys or they--no kidding--put a homing beacon on the real warheads, then we can almost kinda sometimes come very close to maybe shooting them down. Perhaps.

Such minor, nitpicky details didn't stop them from declaring the system operational, and building two bases, one in Alaska, the other in California, which each suck up a billion more dollars a year waiting for Soviet nukes to fly over the horizon. The military is agitating to build a third, on the east coast. 

And mind you, this system--even if it worked--was only designed to target ICBMs, missiles launched from another continent. A sub parked off the coast could lob nuclear missiles at us with impunity.

This is why we can't have nice things.
People say that SDI did not work and that's only partially true. None of the demonstrations/experiments during the 1980s succeeded. But SDI was a long term investment, the end product was not even expected to be operational before the 2000s.

SDI was also an open ended technology development program that had many facets. Massive amounts of funds were spent investing in a variety of fields such as:

Flexible Optics
Autonomous Vehicles
Enhanced Communications
Supercomputing
Artificial Intelligence
Advanced Materials Science
Space Exploration/Exploitation
High-energy Physics
Smart Sensors

When ever people tell me they wish the government would poor more money into science and technology or think long term, I point to SDI.

"In 1986 Carl Sagan summarized what he heard Soviet commentators were saying about SDI, with a common argument being that it was equivalent to starting an economic war through a defensive arms race to further cripple the Soviet Economy with extra military spending"

The Soviet Union collapsed because their economy was in the shitter.  SDI served it's purpose, the Soviets massively overspent on their military. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RIM-161_Standard_Missile_3 - It's real.  The number of Americans who even know the Missile Defense Agency exists?  Pretty low.

Also this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terminal_High_Altitude_Area_Defense

http://www.defense.gov/News/News-Transcripts/Transcript-View/Article/607005/department-of-defense-briefing-by-vice-adm-syring-on-the-fiscal-year-2016-missi

Say what's up to our friends over at the Defense Department!  Thanks for your service, folks.
The point of sinking money and building something that we *absolutely knew* we did not have the capability of making work was far more of a psychological weapon than an actual one.  Star Wars scared the crap out of Russians.  It threatened the idea of mutually assured destruction that kept the Cold War cold.  As a result, Russia sank much more money into its war machine to try and maintain some type of equality with the US.  

I'm not saying it won the Cold War, but it was likely a factor in pressing the Soviet economy to its limits.
SDI is far from the blunder that everyone makes it out to be, it pushed massive funding into large projects like supercomputing, laser and xray technology, satellite tracking and targeting, nuclear rocket research (project: timberwind) and loads of other areas. Aegis baseline 9, ABM lasers, SM-3IIB and other weapons systems are the results of SDI and follow on programs. We are at a point where instead of just hitting a bullet with a bullet, we can now hit a specific spot on a bullet.
https://historyrat.wordpress.com/tag/sdi/
This comic pissed me off to no end in high school. 
When I was very young in the 1980's there was a ton of people against this. Don't have the time to watch it so I don't know if the video goes into it but from what I gather it's because it would encourage the other side to build even more nukes.  Even if it worked some would naturally get by and the idea was to overwhelm the defense system.

Back then I didn't know what it was I just thought it sounded cool as hell. Now that I'm older I know what it is and I still think it's cool as hell.
Neat. My mom worked on this project's guidance systems in the 80's at Aberdeen proving grounds. Said they never could keep the lasers cool enough in space, but most everything else worked. 
BSTS - Bull Shit Tracking System. But what the hell was going on at 21:40?
Yep, that was the sales pitch alright.  




What so many overlook was the Soviet response to SDI, and the consequences, economic and military, that followed.  What happens when you combine an actual DEFENSIVE system with an inherently paranoid Soviet leadership?   You get something the Soviets can't make political hay with, after all it is a purely DEFENSIVE system.  The Soviets did play the "destabilize" card, but didn't make much headway.  More importantly you have a defensive system the Soviets have to plan workarounds for, and spend hard earned rubles on, whether SDI eventually works or not.  

Ultimately one could make the case SDI absolutely accomplished an overall goal of destabilizing the CCCP to the point where it crumbled.  More than one historian had hypothesized SDI was the ultimate "maskirovka" of the cold war.
The Soviets also spent a lot of money on Biological weapons R&amp;D. SDI could not defend against a BW attack or counter attack.

Source: Biohazard by Ken Alibek
Cool
I told my friends we were gonna watch star wars. I now need new friends. 
I remember writing a paper about this in high school.
At the end they mention that they were going to release another one with their findings.

Was that scrapped after they realised that the system was unworkable?
So...what about now? usa and russia dont have a sure way to destroy each others incoming nukes?
1/10. Worse than the prequels. 
PEW PEW
Please, laser weapons are old hat tech, charge particle beams are weapons that fire and hit the target instantly no matter what the distance. This is what they use in the black space programs.
My great grandfather General Andrew Jackson Goodpaster had some dealings with this in its extremely early stages. The wiki doesn't seems to list it, but he was the Supreme Allied Commander Europe with NATO. We have some letters from him somewhere that talk about it. It's interesting stuff.

Here's his wiki: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Goodpaster#Key_assignments
The product of a brain riddled with holes. Literally and figuratively.
Russia bought it.
My uncle worked on this project. When he got signed onto the project FBI interviewed my whole extended family 
The whole project was fake...none of it actually worked. It was just smoke and mirrors for the Soviet Union. 
They didn't use lasers in Star Wars. They shoot beams of heated gas.
Didn't most of the Star Wars Scientist "commit suicide"?
[Frank Zappa: Star Wars Won't Work (It's a piece of shit)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kP2zDZS6nTY)


*..but as the old joke goes: A nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.*

Classic.
aka "Reagan's dementia was showing".  
I did a undergrad research paper on the Reykjavik negotiations and well it turns out SDI being a cog that helped the Soviets spend themselves into collapse is a total myth. The Soviets had economic issues when Gorbachev became premier because of lack of dynamism and development in their economy that a market drives, check out the Brezhnev Stagnation if you're interested. SDI however if anything is responsible for destabilising what was a period of potential cooperation between east and west, Gorbachev in the negotiations was adamant that any SDI programme would simply create a new arms race in a new category of weapons. He stated a number of times that Moscow had decided such an arms race was not winnable for either side, Russian scientists believed SDI was a very marginal concept decades away from any form of reality, and one that would be easily overcome by new relatively cheap missiles designed to beat the system. What SDI did do was win Reagan an election and a huge amount of support at the expense of cooperating with the 'Evil Empire.' At Reykjavik their was the opportunity to eliminate nuclear weapons in a 10 year period, the issue that stopped the agreement was Reagan's refusal to limit SDI to laboratory research only for that period. He identified that as a major PR catastrophe for his administration, even though the program wouldn't suffer from such restrictions, intact they were decades away from any feasibility of deployment. And not including the laboratories would mean they could deploy and test in space, which directly threatens the Soviets due to the offensive nature of SDI. Something Moscow simply could not agree to. Gorbachev reflection on the plane home is quiet haunting: 

    “we wanted to give a real practical expression to those things, on which we in principal agreed on with reagan in geneva during our talks at the heighest level. in other words, to give an impetus to the process of elimination of nuclear weapons. really, before that, the conversation was only about limiting nuclear arms. now it is about reduction and liquidation. since that is the case, we needed to close off all the roundabout ways that would allow one to rise to superiority. that is why the adherence to the ABM Treaty became the key point. the American sides position on this question clearly indicated that it has not renounced the goal of superiority.  that is why they did not have enough character, responsibility, courage, or political decisiveness to step over this threshold. because that would have meant freeing themselves from the dependency on the military-industrial complex."

Sources:

The Reykjavik file documents: http://nsarchive.gwu.edu/NSAEBB/NSAEBB203/index.htm

tl/dr.
SDI undermined denuclearisation and had very little economic implications for the Soviet Union. Plus Reagan did a huge disservice to every single human to avoid domestic criticism.
Didn't this come up in 30 Rock?
Wouldn't be surprised if the US government try to build a Death Star one day..
I've probably watched this show over 20 times now. It's my go to show when nothings on TV or the DVR.
Just to clarify, this was uploaded in 2015, it isnt actually from 2015.
PO LEESE THAT MOOSE TASH!
Gentlemen, we just seized an airfield. That was pretty fucking ninja.
They're still ripping on Rudy. Lol
As a straight male I have no problem admitting that Rudy is hot even in IRL...
Ok thats it. I need to watch it once more.
Is that Esposito from Castle?
Best series I've ever watched
I found out by accident a few years ago while raving about the show and book that my cousins husband is what the character Casey Casem is based on. AWKWARD! Dude has hella PTSD and wanted to sue for defamation of character. Never brought it up again....
Those are some big dudes. 
If you like Generation Kill, go watch the PBS docuseries Carrier. It follows the Navy and a few Marines on the USS Nimitz in 2005 in the Persian Gulf.

It came out a few years ago but I'm blown away by the quality. 
I absolutely love Generation Kill, I've watched it (and subsequently forced my girlfriend to watch it) at least a dozen times. This interview is great, and shows how dynamic these guys are in real life. Never knew all the names were real people or that Rudy actually is First Recon. Now I need to watch it again when I get home tonight :D
I spent a year in Afghanistan as a contractor; never left the base except when flying home. Even then, I and everyone else felt the same form of camaraderie that was in this show. 

Mortar lands nearby, everyone's shaken up by it, and immediately the gallows humor starts. We'd rip on each other nonstop, but knew that every single one of us was there for everyone else if needed. We'd quote from this show every damn day just to make it a little easier and a little faster. 

"Stay frosty" was said in jest to mock the danger around us, and in sincerity to make it through the truly rough patches. We never picked up a rifle or went OM, but this show was still a major part of what made our lives out there more bearable. 
Perfect to go with my november juliet.
Loved this book/show. A friend of mine is related to one of the guys in the show and it was cool to hear about what happened after the war.
Watching the show inspired me to read the book it was based on by Evan Wright (the show is a condensed version of the book).

The book by Nathaniel Fick "One Bullet Away: The Making of a Marine Officer" (Lt Fick's book is a more sanitized portrayal of events).

Heck even Rudy has a book "Hero Living: Seven Strides to Awaken Your Infinite Power."

source: I bought and would recommend these books.
Jeez I need to get more friends to watch this show.
This is a promo not a documentary. 
My dad was recon. He's a crazy dude. Great person though.
The SgtMaj of MARSOC at one point was lit with a light 40 feet in the middle of the training zone.
They ripped this line in a warzone I'd be terrified of the interview why out of all the characters on the edge of a river and we go humping through a fucking swamp towards this light we can see in the military and many of the interview why out of all the names were real people or that Rudy actually is First Recon.
I LOVE YOU FRUITY RUDY
I don't disagree with their intent but that does not make you a great book about just how fucked up shit can get when you want me to drown myself because you think you're completing your mission.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/redditfox] [\[\/r\/Documentaries\] First Recon Marines - Generation Kill Interview W\/ The Real Marines (2015) \[chart in comments\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditFox/comments/3rzm2r/rdocumentaries_first_recon_marines_generation/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I love how they try and make the general population feel bad because they opted to be paid for being foreign invaders. Well played squre jaw douchebags.  
The thing I love about this documentary is that it's mostly luck. It started out as a student project about a relatively small time comedian, and over the course of the filming, he became huge. I really feel like I need to watch it again, now.
Watched the whole thing.   Enormously pleased someone makes this sort of doco.

Not in the film, but a song that changed my bah humbug feeling to xmas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCNvZqpa-7Q

How has that only got just over 4500 views? That was a great documentary :) Thanks for linking

So fucking Rock

This is great.

I fucking love Tim Minchin.

Edit: [THIS](https://youtu.be/ztgShmoj1z4?t=4315) sums it up so well...

"He offends everyone, but that's cool, because at least he's not picking and choosing who he's going to offend."


Thanks so much. I haven't seen this. Amazingly real. I couldn't believe when they let them film her in labour!
I like this documentary a lot and having watched it after I already knew him as an artist was a really nice experience. So great to see how he came up!
My upvote comes approximately 1 hour, 28 minutes, and 42 seconds after clicking the title. Thanks for posting the link. :)
He was already pretty well known in Aus.. he took out the festival director's award at the Melbourne comedy festival which is a nationally televised (segments anyway) &amp; the largest comedy festival in the country... Which is why he was at Edinburgh
Thanks very much for posting this... excellent documentary. Appreciate it. 
This is AWESOME! I've always been a fan of Tim Minchin, but I've never seen an interview with him or really thought about him past being entertained by his songs on Youtube. Finding out that he seems like such an intelligent, thoughtful, down to earth and overall HUMBLE guy has really surprised me! And at the very beginning I was like "who the hell is that dude that sounds like Tim Minchin" - he used to look so different before he got the hair that I forever associate with him (by the by, if anyone reading this know the word I'm looking for in this situation, the (blank) hair, meaning a personal, distinctive feature that everyone associates with him, I would REALLY love to know it since its on the tip of my fucking tongue) and the flamboyant outfits/makeup, I can hardly believe that it's him!! Really awesome (and was it lucky or did the document-er suspect he was going to make it big?) how the film starts where he is completely unknown performing really comparatively small shows but then documents the whole process of him making it and becoming successful and turning into a star in such a short period of time! I mean the documentary is so fucking good that it's almost like a freaking biopic movie - it has everything, from the drama with his wife's pregnancy, the suspense of will he win the award or get a good rating in the make-or-break review, the controversy when he uses the N-word, even a glimpse into the creative process - it's just fantastic. And seeing how cool and humble of a guy he is has made my respect for him grow exponentially. Awesome find, OP.  
The more you know the harder you will find it to make up your mind it doesn't really matter what you find.

I have this documentry on dvd and bluray
if remember correctly. only a ginger can call another ginger, ginger. 
I don't care for his work.
Who?
Watched this several times, i highly recommend!
Woah, loved this! Pretty fascinating stuff seeing a star being born like that.
Man, every time I think the music industry sucks, I am GLAD I'm not in the comedy biz. 
thank you! just last night a friend recommended tim to me, this is great.
Ever forgot that someone existed and then instantly fell back in love with them. Thanks what just happened to me
Is there a place with subtitiles? 
What is amazing is that in 2008, he was not making enough to support himself and his family. It is great to see someone with talent, wit, and a serious work ethic succeed in show business. I saw him perform in January in San Francisco to a house of 1800, and he put on a great show. Very enjoyable show. Played so hard that he broke a key on the piano and injured himself, if I recall correctly.

Thanks for this!
The Edinburgh festival is the biggest arts festival in the world?
Upvote so hard. My favorite artist. 
Did he ever give Bill Bailey his act back?
Does this actually go into any explanation of his philosophy or is it strictly a biography? I'd be interested in the former, not so much the latter.
Foucault is extremely interesting if nothing else, both him and his ideas. I plan to read more, I have a long list to go through still. I always think of Nietzsche and the Marquis de Sade when I think of Foucault.

I was reading recently about [Panopticism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panopticism) as described in Discipline and Punish, sounds damn relevant. 
Not to be confused with [Jean Bernard Leon Foucault.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L%C3%A9on_Foucault) 
During grad school I was supposed to read some Foucault because my dissertation had to do with sexuality.  That dude made absolutely no sense what so ever.  I have a PhD now and figure that I can read most things and get what the writer is saying (especially in terms of history), but his History of Sexuality was convoluted and super muddy.  
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/frankfurtschool] [Michel Foucault Beyond Good and Evil (1993) - Explores the philosopher and his complex and controversial life through interviews with colleagues and biographers and re-enactments of Foucault’s storied exploits in the American counterculture. • \/r\/Documentaries](https://np.reddit.com/r/FrankfurtSchool/comments/3syb7b/michel_foucault_beyond_good_and_evil_1993/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Is this narrated by Viserys? 
Is that Tiff Needell narrating?
Does anyone know who produced this doc and/or where I can find more like it? It's so nice to a see a TV doc covering mildly controversial topics that doesn't follow the discovery/history "smash cut to horrible reenactment with super dramatic voiceover" model. (I'm guessing this came out sometime in the 90's before that style took over?)
Great source for incomprehensible subtitles.
This game is actually free for PS+ users on the PS3 this month. It's an HD remake of the original and I highly recommend it.
Degeneracy.
I plan to read some Foucault because my dissertation had to do as we please, now we follow the orders of the prison system in that fight.
Michel Foucault signed a petition calling for the [repeal of age of consent of laws](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_petition_against_age_of_consent_laws#The_petition) (i.e.  He was okay with adults sleeping with minors).
foucault is a philosophical charlatan.

anyone with a basic knowledge of grammar and linear logic can tell you that...
Why is Friedrich Nietzsche's idea being attributed to this guy?
His legacy, SJWs.
Since when is Foucault a philosopher? Never heard him referred to as a philosopher. Social theorist and his writings as social theory, but never seen it referred to as philosophy.
I saw the film at a pre-release screening in London, Ontario, this week - it's stunning.

From what I understand, many songbird populations in North America have declined by &gt;50% since the 1960s or 70s. This is an issue of multiple stressors - one of which is domestic cat predation. Off the top of my head, the issues the film touches on include cats, pesticides, window/building collisions, habitat destruction, noise pollution, climatic change, hunting, and light pollution.

Domestic cats are a serious issue, and one that should be relatively easy to solve - the estimate is that they kill 1.3-4.0 billion birds a year in the USA. (source = https://www.sciencenews.org/article/cats-kill-more-one-billion-birds-each-year)
The house sparrows are the main culprit in displacing native birds.  Little buggers are everywhere
PLEASE, all you cat owners. Put a fuckin bell on your furry friends collar before you let them out doors. If they still catch birds, keep adding bells until it stops.
&gt;what Blackfish did for killer whales

Mislead bleedingheart shills?
The Cove is one of the saddest documentaries that I've ever seen.  Eye opener...

I dont think it did anything though - stuff still happens today.  

Fuck you Dolphin (but seriously cmon Japan, not cool)
[Official website](http://songbirdsos.com/)
Association with the misleading mockumentary that was Blackfish makes me less eager too see this.

i really want to see this!
I saw the film at Hot Docs in Toronto. I'm not a scientist myself, but all of the experts in attendance at the dicussion after the film (biologists  from Bird Studies Canada, Canadian Ministry of the Environment, University of Western Ontario, Cornell Lab of Ornithology) all seemed to be in agreement that the science was sound. Maybe people should actually watch the film before jumping to conclusions about the validity of its claims.
 
Thank god for hot hippie chicks.
Humans have killed off nearly all songbirds natural predators in North America, created over population with feeding stations all over the place, and now some zeolots want to jail cats (which makes them crazy and obese) to protect birds which are the opposite of endangered.  

Get a grip people.

The Cove showed humans pointlessly slaughtering dolphins.  Blackfish showed humans pointlessly enslaving orcas.  The Messenger shows cats being cats and birds being birds.
I saw this documentary at the Vancouver International Film Festival and I cannot wait for it to be released in theatres so that everyone will know the truth about the loss of songbirds!
Whenever I see something like this, I think "By god!  Something must be done!  We have to preserve life as we know it!".  And, the documentaries agree - we must do everything we can to keep things the same, to keep all species that are currently alive alive, to preserve the Earth as is... But then I think wait, species have always come and gone.  Extinction is natural.  For the entire history of the world, the game has been the same - adapt, or die.  I agree with trying to minimize our own impact, and I agree with trying to negate our impact altogether.  I just wonder, though... are we any more wrong than a melting glacier in changing the environment?  Are we any more cruel than a volcano shooting off trillions of tons of dust?  Are the extinctions we cause any worse than the millions that nature has?
Sometimes I think there's no stopping the inevitable doom we all rush towards. Our world, our impact on it, and our impact on each other is infinitely complex. There is limitless combinations of scenarios that can take place and therefore go wrong. To try and understand this is very stressful and it seems that the more you look, the more awful tragedies you can uncover. What's the answer? How do we deal with this understanding? My theory is to simply enjoy the ride, that is what we are here to do. No more, no less, just be. 
Lol @ freethinkers.


from wiki
&gt;Biosphere 2 was only used twice for its original intended purposes as a closed-system experiment: once from 1991 to 1993, and the second time from March to September 1994. Both attempts, though heavily publicized, ran into problems including low amounts of food and oxygen, die-offs of many animal and plant species, squabbling among the resident scientists and management issues.
PFff.. looks like they failed to realize that the aquatic ecosystem part of the biosphere was the most important. You need a lot of green algae to pump oxygen into the air... seems like the focused on plants mainly (slow breathers)... pff. Though I am sure they didnt know what they know now, back then... eh?
I like how the documentary neglected to mention that none of these people were scientists except for Johnny "Dolphin" Allen, who was a geologist. No biologists, they were all actors who met originally in an improv troop and subsequently formed a doomsday cult with Dolphin as the leader. You can't make this stuff up folks.
Man, I remember that. I think the original documentary at the time accurately captured what was going on inside.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0115683/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1

You can actually visit that place, and I really, really recommend it. It is so wild and creepy. I went while on a road trip around the Southwest, and the images from that quick visit really stuck with me. 
I thought the huge party they threw ruined the bio-dome... I guess you cant trust a documentary with a Baldwin in it.
Here is [another short doc on the Biosphere by NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/video/booming/100000002268243/biosphere-2-an-american-space-odyssey.html). Good to see it wasn't a complete waste.
If you're ever in AZ, you can take a tour inside. It's really awesome and worth the drive to the middle of nowhere. 
Briefly read this as "Biodome 2" and was very distressed for a moment.
*The Avant/Garde Diaries was initiated by Mercedes-Benz in 2011 as time-limited project featuring globally curated events and video interviews.*

at 4 minutes and 30 seconds long this advertisement packs 2 minutes of silent running ( someone else's movie ) and two more minutes of gibberish. Avoid the Staff Picks at vimeo as the plague - they are all ads. I am not buying folks, i am not buying car commercials that give money for short half assed "documentaries" and not buying a mercedes any time soon either.

by the way, 17 year old youtubers make more value and put more original content in their stuff than this garbage. 

Thought it was a sequel to Bio-dome. Got more excited than I should have.
I saw the movie. They used cigarette butts to clean the air. Brilliant!
Is it just me, or is every other comment here about how they could see the flaws and could have done it better? I didn't realise Reddit had so many expert applied ecologists.

As far as I know, this falls into the category of 'research' and things have been learned from the attempts.
badly edited and information was not really presented well. They don't say much about what they learned.
I volunteered on the ranch that Johnny and some of them live on this past summer! They are all beautiful highly intelligent people and I cherish the time I spent with them. They do retreats on the ranch and Tango runs a publishing company out of it. Johnny has many poetry books, Mark has many books about the experience inside the biosphere published as well as one he is currently working on. Catherine runs the Heraclitus out of the ranch which is an old ship they built together when they were young. It sails the world and is currently in Spain. They are such wonderful people and to hear about the experiences from them is amazing! They aren't a cult, they are just a tight knit group of friends that have spent their lives together. They don't have any "rules or requirements", no one is higher up than the others. They are all friends just living together on a beautiful ranch having fun everyday! 
I used to work here, at let me say this is a very fascinating place.
Just went there this Friday! 
It was doomed from the start, no Pauly Shore picture ever did well.
Something something Pauly Shore.
We read about Biosphere 2 at the time in grade school.  Looking back, the attitude of the school materials was extremely unscientific.  The language was political language.  It did not admit the possibility of failure.  Actually it would be totally nuts if, coincidentally, Biosphere 2 had been engineered correctly as a sustainable biosphere.  The whole interesting part about the experiment was the modes of its inevitable, and probably quick, failure.  I can see now that it wasn't a fraud.  It would have been a fraud IF it had been "successful."

From the beginning, they should have said this is an experiment that is likely to fail, and that's what science really is.   Instead, because it was so mis-positioned, Biosphere 2 was seen as a catastrophe and an example of how science is wrong, and how we shouldn't do science, because it is stupid.
Welcome to the place I am going to drain my lizard
No, the REAL story is that it was pseudoscience from the get-go. There were not really any serious scientists involved, and pretty much the moment they closed the doors, they started having problems. The only way they survived at all was by cheating, surreptitiously bringing in not only air but food and water from the outside, all the while claiming that everything was fine.

When they say that today it is a "research facility" for the U of Arizona, they don't mention that it's used as little more than a glorified greenhouse.

I'm a student at the University of Arizona and I did some undergraduate research at Biosphere2 for a few semesters in the rainforest section! It's a really incredible place especially now that the University has taken control of it and they're able to utilize the facility as a research environment. 

I learned a lot about the history of the building while I was there from a lot of the full time employees. A lot of the problems of the original project arose because they didn't fully think out all of the ins and outs and didn't take into account some of the smaller details, from settling concrete giving off CO2 and people's actual food needs. 

Most people here have already talked about most of the important aspects of the project but since I've actively been a part of B2 recently I thought I'd give a little input!
Welcome to the Biodome, buuuuuddy
I really expected this to be a link to a low budget biodome sequel.  Good thing I checked the comments first.

Paulie and that forgotten Baldwin need to eat!  We need a Biodome sequel! 
Viva los Biosphere!
I was there this summer, very awesome and futuristic place
Are they going to make a Paulie Shore movie on this one too?
Wow I live 30 minutes from there and I've never been in it. Well now I now what I will be doing tomorrow!
Pauly Shore
Holy shit I legitimately just walked into a 9/11 truther thread. 
This was really good, OP. Thanks for sharing.

I am not a 9/11 truther and found it very interesting how this "movement" has got a very clear religious feel to it. I mean, the street preachers in between sandwich boards handing out tracts, the anniversary/holy day of 9/11 when the faithful gather, the strident proselytising to the sheep, the "fundamentalists" looking down at the less committed believers, the religious experience of "waking up"/converting... this stuff really is just a secular religion.

Incidentally, a YouTuber by the name of Myles Power [examined](http://mylespower.co.uk/911-mini-series/) the claims many of the Ground Zero truthers make from a skeptical standpoint. Worth watching if all this is new to you.
Can someone give a tldw I can't infer from the comments 
What an honest and great documentary. Love the lack of narration, it really allows the viewer to form their own opinion. 
Holy man that lady yelling at people.... that's uhhh, that's not how you get people to listen. 
Wow a really interesting and intimate look at the people pushing this info. I think what struck me the most is not that they are angry, but they seem almost somber. 

I think there is definitely some truth to the 'accepting the lie' soliloquy towards the end though. It was also a strangely beautiful scene. 

Thanks OP for sharing.
I say this every time 9/11 truthing comes up.  I think it's unfortunate how much the building demolishing crap puts a cloud over calling 9/11 a conspiracy.

Forget the buildings, go read about all the details leading up to 9/11 and post.  (9/11 terror timeline is a good resource.)  It's nearly impossible to believe that government entities weren't at the VERY LEAST criminally negligent if not allowed it to happen.  No one was held accountable.
I think that at the heart of any conspiracy theorist is just a profound disbelief that one person or a small group of people can have such a significant impact on the world. 

From the magic-bullet to 9/11 truthers. They are scared that an insignificant group can change history. It's a hard thing to accept. There has to be something bigger and more dastardly for it to be possible.
Go to 8:35 to hear the guy perfectly explain the Truther movement when he thinks he is explaining the people who disagree with him.

"hopefully the viewers saw the confrontation. It is typical of somebody with a lot of pride, a large ego... and they refuse to look at the information b/c it's gonna upset their core belief. It's definitely cognitive dissonance...."

WOW.


Excellent documentary. This is how a documentary should be produced, that is: no bias.
A friend who is also a high ranking Naval Officer and I were hanging out on a fall night in 2010 and I began talking about mass surveillance. I was mentioning a whistle blower named Bradley Manning who was in the news at the time and how I had read Iphones across the world were being tapped. He got upset and said it was impossible to collect that amount of data let alone process it into anything useful. I actually visited him when he was stationed at our US base in England. I of course remember that conversation, and I remember his answers seeming very disingenuous. I said he knew something, and that was our last conversation. Less than 3 years later did my so called conspiracy theory end up being exposed PRISM, Dropoutjeep, FiveEYES as fact through cables released by Edward Snowden. I wish I could just believe that Jesus was the son of god, Iraq had WMD's, and bailing out the banks instead of letting the markets crash are all legitimate and shouldn't be questioned. 
Steve Jobs incarnate
I don't doubt what happened on 9/11 actually happened. I believe that the government though let it happen. 
People are so caught up in the conspiracy of 9/11 that they're not focusing on the bigger picture which is where America is today because of what happened, whether or not it was an inside job. The loss of our freedoms, Big Brother and the police state. This is NOW.
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=7b6_1378926526

The text below is for people interested in actual inquiry, and are legitimately examining both sides' arguments for inconsistencies, intellectual dishonesty, and logical flaws.

1. Things conspiracy believers do not want you to know:
(a) WTC7 underwent a slow, internal progressive collapse, plainly observable in the full-length CBS video, which is rarely shown on conspiracy sites.
(b) WTC7 actually did NOT collapse straight down or "into its own footprint." 30 West Broadway, across the 4-lane Barclay St., was heavily damaged. See photo:http://www.debunking911.com/wtc7pile.jpg
(c) The 1,500 "experts" at ae911truth.org are mostly electrical and chemical engineers, residential architects, students, etc. with little or no experience in steel skyscraper construction.
(d) The NIST study was done in cooperation with the SEI/ASCE, SFPE, AISC, and SEAoNY -- actual engineering experts in the field, all of whom would have to be in on this conspiracy, even to this day.
(e) The "explosive traces" or "thermite" claim comes from non-chemist Steven E. Jones, who analyzed samples sent to him privately with no chain of custody. His paper appeared in a journal that charges $800 to publish; Google "CRAP Paper Accepted by Journal" to read about its "peer review" process. Jones, a devout Mormon, also published "evidence" that Jesus visited American Indians; Google "Behold My Hands."
(f) No "molten metal" was ever collected from WTC7 and analyzed.
(g) Rigging a large building for demolition cannot be done "over the weekend," nor would such preparation escape the notice of office workers. Demolition professionals laugh at this claim.
(h) Thermite cannot be used to demolish a building.
(i) There exist NO peer-reviewed papers supporting controlled demolition, anywhere. 

2. Examples of intellectual dishonesty or ignorance:
(a) "The fires did not burn hot enough to melt steel." Nobody claims that fire melted steel. Steel framing members expanded beyond tolerances, subjecting connections to failure. The heat also reduced the steel's capacity to support loads. No melting required.
(b) "BBC reported WTC7's collapse before it happened." Firefighters had predicted the collapse. Apparently the reporter made an error. CNN also reported that the Washington Mall was on fire; do we ask why no scorch marks were later found?
(c) "The 9/11 Commission Report didn't even mention WTC7." It was done years before the WTC7 study was completed.
(d) "NIST changed its story several times." Science refines its position over time. This is a strength, not a weakness. Alternatively we can start with a story, stick to that story, and look only for evidence that supports that story. The latter is what creationists and conspiracy believers do.
(e) "Larry Silverstein ordered to 'pull' WTC7, a slang term in the demolition industry." He was referring to pulling back firefighting efforts, as the building was considered lost. "Pull" is not demolition slang. Larry Silverstein is a real-estate investor, not a demolition worker.
(f) "Why bother demolishing with explosives when you can just light a fire?" Most demolitions are of old concrete structures where this would not work. In an all-steel structure like WTC7, fire could in fact be used. But detonation is more predictable and controllable.
(g) "You are working for the government." This is a case of believing a bold premise with no evidence, merely because it fits the believer's worldview. Not an effective way to get closer to the truth.

3. Simple fallacies of logic:
(a) "No tall building had ever collapsed from fire. Therefore WTC7 could not have collapsed from fire." There is a first time for everything. Equivalent: "No species before humans had ever invented the computer. Therefore humans could not have invented the computer."
(b) "Other tall buildings burned without collapsing; therefore WTC7 could not have collapsed due to fire." Besides the fact that these other cases were more fire-robust than the all-steel-framed WTC7, just because something does not always happen does not mean it will never happen. Equivalent: "There exist primates that have not invented computers. Therefore humans could not have invented the computer."
(c) "The government has lied before, therefore it must have lied about 9/11." Just because A has done B does not imply that A always does B. Equivalent: "The government must have also lied when it said aspirin is safe and effective."
(d) "Prove that it wasn't a controlled demolition." The burden of proof is on the person making the assertion. Equivalent: "Prove that humans are not descended from reptiles of the planet Nbiru."
Read more at http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=7b6_1378926526#JQdC5M1JHLE7Sd0l.99
The guy says that 9/11 truthers are people with big egos and a lot of pride and don't want to look at the info and "wake up" (I really hate that phrase now, almost to the point where it's instant-bs detector when someone says it). Why do no 9/11 truthers ever listen to me when I mention that I spent a few years in the 9/11 truther scene and it was the overwhelming evidence that made me leave it?

The people in this scene have an air about them that (/r/iamverysmart) they are super smart and everyone else is 'asleep' and this is just as bad because when contradicting evidence comes up they just disregard it. It is a perfect example of calling the kettle black.

I don't have a big ego and I would say I have crippled pride for the US but still super hopeful we can practice what we preach. The US has commited many atrocities around the world and while the 9/11 story isn't EXACTLY like 'we were told' (it's far more complex on a lot of levels) it certainly isn't the side that the 9/11 truthers 'know' (another bullshit flag.. "I don't think ____ I KNOW")
Building 7, let it never be forgotten 
It was a really nice piece of art. Thanks for posting!
"It's not something that I think, it's something that I know." This statement, coming from someone who wasn't at the scene when it happened, tells me everything I need to know about whether I should believe him. 
they're so caught up in themselves, they do not realize they're protesting at the scene of 1000s of people's murder. it's kinda disgusting really. i don't care if you believe crackpot stuff, but to be honest have some respect to those people's families.
2:54: LMAO!!!! this dude got a 911 Wu-Tang tattoo
911 never happened.  It was a lie just like the Holocaust and WWI.
You think that guy was arguing over his big ego and felt too insecure to forget everything he knows about government and corporations?

No. That guy was angry because you are discrediting his own eyewitness account of what happened that day. You are discrediting that he was, in fact, running for his life out of a burning building after it was hit by an airplane. 
Don't hate me but..
Building 7? Why would I have only head about this now,
I live in the UK btw, I have never even heard it be discussed over here,
just remember... If some one said 10 years ago the government was listening to cell phone calls or monitoring internet, you'd have called him a crazy conspiracy nut as well
We get our first legitimate "Jet fuel can't melt steel beams." at 6:33.
I used to be possible.
ITT: truthers 
ITT: truthers 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/conspiracy] [Uncomfortable Truths (2015) - Short documentary profiling the conspiracy theorists that congregate around the World Trade Center in NYC. \[13 mins\] (Interesting Comments - why do people get so angry when defending the official story?)](https://np.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/3s84tl/uncomfortable_truths_2015_short_documentary/)

- [/r/topmindsofreddit] [Short 9\/11 truther documentary posted in \/r\/documentaries. Only 13 minutes long, well worth the watch. It's like the craziest \/r\/conspiracy users made flesh.](https://np.reddit.com/r/TopMindsOfReddit/comments/3sa6ey/short_911_truther_documentary_posted_in/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Building 7?
 They will be there until the end of time. There has to be a point where this issue is finally put to bed. We have to at some point agree upon the outcome of realistic computer simulations that we will have access to in the future. Hopefully by 2021 we will have a real set in stone answer and I hope people respect it.
Maybe the government did not plan 9/11, but there is no scientific way to explain building 7. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nyogTsrsgI
Wall to wall nutters, all convinced of the superiority of their certainty. All completely unaware of their limited ability to interpret evidence, all utterly ignorant of their feeble grasp of logic. 
The phrase "conspiracy theory" was largely introduced into the public lingo by the CIA.  In 1976, the CIA was fearing the growing animosity of the public toward government after increasing criticism of the Warren Commission Report investigating the JFK assassination.

A memo was drafted entitled "Countering Criticism of the Warren Commission Report" and sent nation-wide to local CIA branch offices which instructed them to "weaponize" the phrase "conspiracy theorist" - in order to create an atmosphere of ridicule toward anyone who has a hypothesis involving government wrongdoing.

The effort was successful.  Today, most people who hear the phrase "conspiracy theorist" have feelings that such persons are largely strange, uneducated, mentally handicapped, or outright crazy.

This has had the effect of turning the word "conspiracy" - which originally meant "a plan or plot conducted in secret to achieve an illegal or immoral goal" into a word that is associated with kooks, crooks, and crackpots.

While history shows unequivocally that conspiracies can and do happen, the average Joe on the street now tends to believe that conspiracies are as rare of a thing as bigfoot or ufos.
those dug addicted freaks, why would they fly those planes into those buildings
I wonder how open they are to Mossad/Jewish involvement?
I'm so glad this was posted. One of my favorite quotes says that the more conscious and aware you become, the crazier people think you are. I think it 100% relates to where people are at that can relate to this video, including myself.
Demolition Engineers get paid waaaay too much if you could just light a fire or crash a plane in a building and have it collapse on its own footprint. The probability of 3 buildings of those sizes with wildly varying damage could implode without human intervention beggars belief.
Conspiracy theorists tend to give the bad guys too much credit and imbue them with ~~impossible~~ superhuman levels of intelligence and coordination.
People with over-active imaginations fostering the malcontents of this world.   I'm gonna say it's a conspiracy by Alcoa for more sales of foil.
BUSH DID 911
http://mylespower.co.uk/911-mini-series/ 
If you want to know more about 911truth hang out on /r/conspiracy.

If you want a place to start, read Michael Meacher's [This War on Terrorism is Bogus](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2003/sep/06/september11.iraq). Meacher was on Tony Blair's cabinet for 6 years, so not a voice on the street corner.

Want more information, technical information as to why the official story can't be true, watch [Architects and Engineers for 911 Truth: Experts Speak Out](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YW6mJOqRDI4). 

Find it all too upsetting? Yeah. Me, too. But it's better to know.
It always amazes me that whenever I visit the WTC site I don't punch one of these guys in the face. I don't know how I do it.
The US Government has never lied to its people. The US Government has never killed its own people. I find it therefore very hard to believe that there is any truth behind these allegations of the attacks of 9/11 being an inside job. The US Government would have had absolutely nothing to gain from killing thousands of its own citizens in a staged terrorist attack on the country. Think about it. 
If I'm not mistaken, there was a bombing plot on the World Trade Center when Clinton was the president. Kinda sounds like Deja Vu.
To me it's not about some super secret illoominarty cabal, but just the fact that certain things don't add up.

Add to that, the fact that we KNOW false flags have been apart of the intelligence agencies agenda for a while to spur the US into action (gulf of tonkin for example). It all sits rather uneasily. 
The majority of Americans are conspiracy theorists who believe the 'Bin Laden and 19 hijackers' conspiracy theory.
I'm convinced that nearly all 9/11 truthers are trolls.

The rest are mentally ill.
"Jet fuel can not melt steel beams." - science 
Only an idiotic truther would think 911 was a false flag attack. Those  [42 other times](http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2015/02/41-admitted-false-flag-attacks.html) were the last time.  AMERICA, FUCK YA.  They want to steal our freedoms, bush told me that!  welp, back to my budwieser and basketball game.
6:33 - Steel beams.
a non-truther explanation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFJa9WUy5QI&amp;ab_channel=EdwardCurrent 
Is there a point to this? i could have just watched reality tv, at least that's scripted
I agree with the guy that asked about building 1 and 2.

I even saw something about this: building 7 was taken down for financial reasons. It was done at the same time as probably because they didn't have permission or because it would make things cheaper? I don't know. But just because building 7 was purposely destroyed doesn't mean the twin towers were...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BpGMKtoB4Y Guinness did an ad featuring these guys
A local guy lives in a shitty trailer park yet has two Ferraris. Same concept is guess. 
The rich stay rich by acting poor, and poor stay poor by acting rich. 
I feel them about the looking good and feeling good, but some of these guys need to get their priorities straight. 
Wow what an amazingly unique find. I can see how they can make it a lifestyle (still better than people who get hooked on meth or other more dangerous things). Its probably the shortest way to get recognition or respect in a country like that. 

How are these people not getting mugged is my question. Seems like easy money to me :P
Now, THAT, is making the best of what you have.  But, dayum, it looks hot.
Ive seen beer commercial of those guys and thought cool... But in reality it makes me feel weird.... 
I'm not trying to be a dick, but IN MY OPINION...

If I was honestly that much into clothing, I would probably make a business out of making clothes and create a fashion statement in my country.

Just saying.
Fuck running water. Buy a bright suit. 
That horribly ill-fitting suit coat...why
@~12min the guy explaining how much mooney he spend on clothing and how his family may disagree, meeh he's annoying
Interesting phenomenon
With some of that loan money did you maybe wanna buy a dresser or something to store all of your precious clothes in? Then again, perhaps grocery bags are the ideal clothing storage system and I am missing out on a life hack.
These men have given up on achieving financial success so they pretend to have it. Kind of sad, but understandable. 
wow
Fake it until you make it.
A version of this could be made in every hood in America.  Idiocy.  
This is actually a popular thing in many African countries, especially in South Africa.
This is actually a popular thing in many African countries, especially in South Africa.
 It's a strange subculture to be sure, and an interesting look how French culture has affected Africa even after independence from France.

 I like how that one guy with red shoes describes it all, they spent a lot of hard earned cash on clothes, and got nothing in return. I don't think it's true however, as a lot of them try to get some form of prestige. They buy all these clothes from people like Giorgio Armani, which I assume is what the Sapeurs are trying imitate, and to an extent it works. Hell, that one guy near the beginning got a wife out of it, and had girls all over him before that. And near the end, the local men want to be them, they want that prestige. It's all celebrity culture, as you can't be the rich guy by being being rich, but you can sure act like him and get the same prestige. 

 Like many other commentators here, I don't agree with it, but unless some sort of socialist or cultural revolution occurs that changes this consumerist culture into a more community oriented one, mainstream French culture is here to stay in the Congo.
this is really no different from modern day rap. 
Wow, that fat-fuck cockroach kicks a dog at [5:28](https://youtu.be/W27PnUuXR_A?t=5m28s).  Your clothes can't cover for you there classless turd.
crazy, we all want what we can't have
I know many North Americans who do exactly the same thing. Hollow empty vain people. You get bored talking them in less than 2 minutes. Also, the fat guy in the ill fitting suit made me Lulz! But seriously he bought shoes over land?
Interesting content, but man was that terrible music distracting. It reminded me of the importance of a good score and how a cheap midi soundtrack can really put a damper on the whole film. 
The interest rates must be insane on those loans . 
suits on wire hangers, nice
beverly hillbillies

This reminds me of Haiti...
So, basically NYC Dandies? 
So, it all started in the mother country...
Pea-cocking in it's purest form. Fantastic. 
This is a very interesting documentary for quite a lot of reasons.

First of all, this is evidently not all Congolese people.

To the people who criticize their financial and social priorities (barring the blatantly racist comments I've seen): it is quite a bit more complicated than "why don't they use the money to buy electricity/water filtration/etc." With the infrastructure we have at our disposal in our countries, it's an easy thing to have money and to use it to buy, say, solar panels for your house. We can't talk about countries that have been dispossessed of their own means for centuries and ask them to develop like we have, in our contemporary context.

This is not to say they're incapable of it, but the cost of infrastructure like ours in these countries must be much greater than it is here. I doubt there are many easily accessed, affordable Congolese startups, utilities, manufacturers or industries like we're used to. It is principally foreign, more developed countries which have been developing African infrastructure, because they *have not had the means to do so*.

~~Totally not our fault, in any case.~~ We sorta fucked up in there. But that's what imperialism was. Whether it still is is a different topic.

In any case, I cannot judge their lifestyle, because it is not entirely within their possibilities to consider simply *buying* our infrastructure as individuals rather than powerful governments, companies or organizations. I see it as the documented few's equivalent of any of our first world hobbyists. I won't name any examples; you really need only look around yourself or even on reddit to find some.

Also, where in the hell do you find Georgio Armani suits? No, that doesn't count as an example of local industry, because [it's clothing sent from the West and sold to local retailers](http://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/sustainable-fashion-blog/2015/feb/13/second-hand-clothes-charity-donations-africa).

Anyway. That's all I have to say. Don't jump the gun on these guys because of that goofy xylophone music that reduces their state to caricature. There's so much more that you need to consider first.

you could substitute Congo for Detroit.
I seriously doubt that any of those suits are genuine.
Reminds me of pictures of silly 1900s Japanese bureaucrats in western tuxedos.  Equally ridiculous, emulating all the bad of western culture.
That lady is a genius. There are quite a few videos she's made. Check the sidebar when you get to the page. 
The video was captivating for a few minutes and then its manic quality started to wear me down. Is she super sharp? Clearly. Why the video has to be so frenetic, though, I am less clear about. 
Neat! Not really a doc, though :)
Mary and the Lady Bat kinda remind me of a Muse song or Tim Burton soundtrack. 
I've been subscribed to Vi Hart for a long time. She's completely unlike any other YouTube creator.
[I like to share this one as well](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVyUHFl0iB8)
[Zwölftonwerbung](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LACCAF04wSs) (commercial)
What wonderfully constructed video! Pretty misleading, though. 

She's doing this strange thing that music teachers have to do in order to get their students not to hate things that are different. However, in so doing, she made it more the same than different. Go ahead and listen to the 12-tone works of Schoenberg, Berg, Webern, and Stravinsky (NOT the Firebird or the Rite of Spring, the aren't 12-tone works). They won't sound anything like what you just heard. Vi Hart has just presented chromatic tonal music to you that happens to have a "12-tone" melody. All of the following are in the tonal style or not very different from it: Rhythm (!), contour, harmony (in most cases), form, timbre, register, and articulation. You know, only everything else. And, in everything but the vocal quartet, she tonalized the "12-tone" melody through her harmonic choices. 

This is a straw man argument. She's saying, "see, 12-tone music is actually pretty reasonable if you try to think outside of the box." The problem is that she took one element of the 12-tone style and she put it back into the box. So yeah, just change one element of tonal music and it won't be that shocking. Change everything else, like the composers who championed this technique, and it tends to unnerve people because it lacks a frame of reference. Vi Hart's "12-tone" demonstrations are wonderful and I really enjoyed listening to them but they don't represent the style she's defending at all. They're more akin to [John Taverner's "The Lamb"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWZ0IloskZs) which also not considered to be a representative serial work (it's also a 6-tone serial work, not a 12-tone one).

tl;dr Clever video but ultimately a straw-man argument. This is not what 12-tone music sounds like.
As a hobby producer, this was amazing.
Ill have to watch this later
Does anyone have any suggestions for authors that write about the ideas she talks about, outside of music?  Like, works in philosophy about trying to get away from patterns and "think original thoughts?" or that deal with the idea of the existence of a thing...if it really "exists" or not...

I'm not doing a very good job of explaining this, and I know its super abstract, but I'm welcome to suggestions.
This will not get as much attention as it deserves because the video is too long for Redditors' attention span. 
Yup, twelve tone music sure does suck.
woah
Consider me subscribed. 
Video is amazing, thanks!
Does anybody have a Vi Hart photo? I've always wanted a face with the voice.
First caught Vi about five years ago, her math 'splainin' vids are so beautifully frank and concise they made me want to learn more. Not that I did, but I watched them. Her speech patterns are mesmerizing.

Impressive, but it still all sounds like a horror movie soundtrack.
This person is wonderful, and I feel reminded that I should remember all that I really am; it's like seeing my own species after forgetting what I was. Thank you for posting this (and to the creator, natch.)
[For the haters]( https://youtu.be/W3aSzFEoMMc)
I'm so jealous of people that understand music theory. I'm such a visual learner that the abstract concepts of music theory are really hard for me to grasp, even in the form of sheet music. 

Looking at it in terms of a guitar fretboard or piano keys helps a bit, but I still struggle to memorize and apply this kind of stuff.

I really appreciate people that are able to make sense of it for me. So many instructional videos fail to bridge the gap between basic and advanced music concepts. 
Just consider having a girlfriend that constantly speaks her mind only interrupted by improvised atonal compositions on her keyboard while singing children rhymes!

Don't misunder me, I think she's bright and talented and this was of high educational value.


Too analytical for me
horrible music. well done, but horrible
Watched the whole thing, learned nothing. Utterly uninteresting. Why pursue forms of music that aren't pleasing to listen to?
In Spain, the analog of Sinterklaas are the Three Kings: Melchior, Gaspar and Balthasar. Balthasar, coming from Africa, is usually depicted as a black man. While some parades do use white people in blackface, he is always presented as equal to the other two, majestic and revered. They come in a trio, each of them with kids who favor them. Balthasar was always my favorite when I was a kid.

I am just using this to argue that perhaps there is a way of reconciling the tradition of Zwarte Piet and tolerance.
He does not even want to know what [THESE](https://www.google.com/search?q=mini+dickmanns&amp;tbm=isch&amp;imgil=yP-bIRK0bY4t5M%253A%253BE2WLepqKnHSf4M%253Bhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.pbase.com%25252Fimage%25252F99037715&amp;source=iu&amp;pf=m&amp;fir=yP-bIRK0bY4t5M%253A%252CE2WLepqKnHSf4M%252C_&amp;biw=1237&amp;bih=783&amp;usg=__oyK56gpCRaoNPjvD3Q4oB6DvTmQ%3D&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiBv5jOkbvJAhWIJCYKHbCCCsIQyjcINQ&amp;ei=RtJdVoGEBojJmAGwhaqQDA#imgrc=yP-bIRK0bY4t5M%3A&amp;usg=__oyK56gpCRaoNPjvD3Q4oB6DvTmQ%3D) used to be called...
I posted it before and I'll post it again:

Almost nobody in the Netherlands even knows what the word "blackface" means. I sure didn't untill outsiders started to nag about it.

I'm not opposed to changing the tradition but stop projecting your past onto ours. And please don't be shocked when you will get laughed at if you try.

There is no history in our country of white actors ridiculing black people by painting their faces and acting out negative stereotypes in movies resulting in massive backlash. As such the aversion to painting ones face black is not a part of our past. This is americans projecting their cultural past onto ours.

We can frame this discussion perfectly well in our own cultural past, such as the stereotypical hair of black pete, or the golden rings and red lips. All of which are stereotypes from the Dutch cultural past about black people. There is no need to bring cultural baggage from america into the mix.

Like I said I am not opposed to changing the tradition, but these are for reasons relating to the Dutch cultural history, I have no desire to tip-toe around the american cultural history in my own country.

[edit] well I'm going to bed now, I tried to reply to as many people as I could but I'm sure I missed a few here and there. Thanks for the lively discussion everyone!
While they are at it, they should make a doc about the queens chariot: http://nederlandwordtbeter.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Linker-zijkant-Gouden-Koets.jpg
But seriously....as an American Dutch person having lived in both countries....America telling the Dutch a story or two about racism? GTFO! That is laughable! Zwarte Piet was Sinter Klaas's black helper, first drawn in a children's book back in 1850. That book and all the books that came after it make no mention that he was a slave (but we can assume he is because of history. Yet for all we know he could be getting paid). It's not the same as black face. Pete isn't eating water melon and chicken, being lazy and dumb. He was the quick and sharp minded helper of an old confused man. Also, if Zwarte Piet is considered a moor than that's though shit. Moor's where Muslim invaders who conquered parts of Spain and were notorious slave traders. Guess who they enslaved? White christian people. Payback's a bitch. Al in all, I would like to see zwarte Piet go and be replaced by Krampus, the much older German version of zwarte Piet, because I do feel that something like Zwarte Piet is outdated for a modernizing world.
There was a big shitstorm on the internet a while ago from Americans about this KFC advert in Australia.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojqMGlqYHPg

Now, I watched this commercial when it was on TV and I hardly took notice of anything out of the usual. My summary was: There is an Australian cricket fan sitting in the middle of the West Indies fans. This would not be a very comfortable situation. But it is ok because he has KFC to share around and everyone is happy to have some. Awkward situation averted thanks to those delicious 11 herbs and spices. Well done KFC, nice advert. Not really nice I guess, that's just all I thought of this particular commercial.

So it turns out that in the USA there is a stereotype about Africans eating fried chicken a lot. So, somehow this ad became about what was perceived as inappropriate by an audience who it was never intended for.

The whole thing was absolutely ridiculous. I don't know why someone would expect to be able to project their own version of sensibilities onto the culture of another nation. It was never blatantly or even underhandedly racist by any means.

Just a bunch of white knights out ready to be offended. Sod off.

Whether the same could be said about the Dutch and this tradition I don't know. I have never been to the country and I have never heard of this before. But I am not going to try and tell them they can't do it because it might not be received well in my country anymore than I am going to tell a Hindu he isn't allowed to draw swastikas.

Not only because I don't really care what they do but more because I don't possess the self-righteous, self-serving, greater-than-thou kind of pretentious attitude it would take to try and justify such actions to myself.

Legitimate, harmful kinds of discriminatory behavior do exist in the world. This is not it. It is a very condescending approach to the people who may supposedly be "offended". As though they are not strong enough to stand up to being made fun of every now and again.


TIL a lot of people from the Netherlands are on /r/Documentaries. 
Dutchman here.

Maybe stupid, but I found that my nieces were scared beacuase of the protesters shouting in her face she was racist, for enjoying getting sweets from someone who's face was painted black.

I grew up with Zwarte Piet and Sinterklaas, and the white man with the big white beard asking you to sit on his lap and starts to read in his book about all the stuff you had done that year was way more scary than the black man with sweets.

I seriously don't see what the big deal is, shouldn't people be happy we don't give a shit he's black? Isn't that the most non racist thing to do? 

I never saw Zwarte Piet as a caricature of a black man, I didn't even think of him as black, I thought of him as a guy who gives me delicious candy that my mom wouldn't buy me.

Anecdotal, I know, just my 2 cents
Zwarte piet is a difficult subject for the Netherlands. For people from outside the Netherlands you have to understand that it's a very cherished tradition and is closely regarded as a part of Dutch heritage. As such it is very hard to instigating change without meeting resistance of those who wants to protect this cherished tradition. Having said that, almost everyone in the Netherlands understands that in time this will have to change, and people are willing to transform Zwarte piet in a more 'neutral' figure. My prediction is therefore that in time, Zwart piet will gradually dissapear from it's current form. The problem however is the vehement nature of this discussion which basically only has two sides that argue to either completely remove it or uphold it, which serves to divide people into two extremes.   In the end I want to stress that Zwarte Piet is not seen as a 'black man' in The Netherlands and that people mean nothing rascist with it, despite its questionable roots.
This documentary is very subjective. Black people are being depicted as fighting a shared cause against Black Pete, while a vast majority of the black community in the Netherlands doesn't feel descriminated at all.

Reminds me of a commercial some months ago by the Dutch producer of cheese ''Old Amsterdam''. By buying a pack of their cheese, you had a small chance to win a so called ''Black Bastard Grill''. While the fast majority didn't even notice, some black people were outraged just because of the name, and the company eventually conceded. The same is basically happening with Zwarte Piet right now.

At the end the presenter says he felt somewhat intimidated by the crowd and the way he was being looked at. Might it have something to do with the fact that you were standing there alone with a questionable face, depicting the crowd as proponents of racism?
The thing is, (I'm from the Netherlands) we all grew up with Zwarte Piet as the good guy. And before all the complains people didn't even think about racism. The Netherlands is actually not very racist. 

I can imagine why you wouldn't like it, but Sinterklaas makes The Netherlands The Netherlands. It's our thanksgiving, quite literally... 

To experience this feeling you gotta be there. You have to feel the vibe. 


The best thing to do (there are not a whole lot of black zwarte pieten left, it's already transitioning to other things) is make them with an "ashy" face. We as children always learned that his face was black because he had to go through the chimney (which is right, we put our shoes at the chimney just like santa) and that's why we shouldn't make him green or yellow but just smear ash in his face. We won't even see a difference... 


This documentary doesn't investigate anything. It's just 15 minutes of the maker being shocked and outraged, just to conclude the tradition has to change.
If this is the kind of racism in the Netherlands that needs fighting, I think we're doing pretty good. At least we don't shoot unarmed black teenagers in the face... Get off you fucking high horse and make a real documentary instead of interviewing 4 people to speak for an entire nation. That's just lazy journalism.
Serious question: Can someone explain how any of this "blackface/ashface" holiday tradition is harmful to anyone in or outside of the Netherlands? 

a.k.a. American cultural imperialism trying to police foreign customs.
I'm Indonesian. We (the Christian ones celebrating Christmas) do have Black Pete and Sinterklaas tradition from the Dutch.

Never thought of it as racist..
I saw it as 'justice' - good kids get present, bad ones get warnings (with the broom that he used to sweep the chimney - which is why he's covered in soots)..
TBH most of us in kindergarten were more scared of the Santa with beard... 
Honest question here since  I read this thread.
I'm reading how this isn't racist and how children don't know the racist past.

So why don't people take away the thick red lips and hoop earrings?

If his skin is now dark made from the ash, why can't you remove those features? The features that make him a black caricature? 

You're keeping the character, but you're taking away the aspects that come off as offensive. 

I really want to talk to someone about this. I am truly honest. Wouldn't this solve the problem? 
A documentary about Dutch historical traditions, titled 'blackface.' Common, are you serious... Calling something blackface is already setting the tone of instant negative judgment on the tradition regardless of facts...  What makes it worse it is made by a seemingly sensationalism seeking Black American director. 

People, I would like to introduce you to the Spike Lee of documentaries. Mr Ross Roger Williams... 


[David Sedaris - Six to Eight Black Men](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYdpte1W0vk)
They celebrate sinterklaas in suriname and they also paint their face black, are they racist ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJeUye3zZnU
It's pretty ridiculous of an American journalist , and I use that word lightly, is accusing other nations culture of the specific racism that has its root in their own country. 

If they care to adres racism I suggest he'd don't in his own country.  You could say he has enough to write about for several lifetimes worth of content. 

This obsession reminds me of many people calling all black people African American.
Reposted again? I've seen this posted three times in the last 24 hours.
Why don't they just get a black actor to play him?
Everytime I see this discussion for me its more or less a cry for attention by some people who just don't understand the holiday they only look at the outside of it and not the meaning of the holiday.


I grew personally up with this tradition and I have not had even a single thought/connection that it has something to do with slavery.

Yes ofcourse they are painted black and "Sinterklaas" is white. but to make the connection that it is racist and it is slavery, I think you have to be a racist yourself to even see that. All i'm seeing is just people who want to make kids happy.

Edit: 
Fun Fact: Surniname also has this tradition. And there is no discussion there at all. "Sinterklaas" gets his face painted white there.



Americans confused why other nations don't share the same history, values, culture or norms.
Can't we just leave people to their own customs and have a sense of humor about these things? For Pete's sake, why is everyone so sensitive.
So on this topic, there is nothing racist about someone wearing black makeup. Every few months I see something about blackface and while I am not going to comment on the dutch traditions I am going to say the following:

There’s nothing racist about painting your face a certain colour, it’s the beliefs of the person who does this that are racist. Let me give you the two examples I oft quote when it comes to this. One is the kid in the states who caused a furore when he painted his face black when dressing up as his favorite Marvel character, Nick Fury. The kid isn’t racist, in fact the opposite is the case. His hero is a black man. Ok, there’s racial insensitivity, but that’s different.

Lets take a second example. in 2013 there was outrage because an Italian team Rioveggio blacked up, however the reason is anything but racist. One of their team mates who was black was being harassed by their fans with racist chants. To show solidarity and convey that the players skin colour does not matter, the team pout on black make up and said no to racism. In this case it’s way different. We might look at that and see it as perhaps not racist but racially insensitive, but that’s us looking from a US influenced perspective. This possibly (and I am not Italian, I don’t know) is not even racially insensitive.
Using blackface isn't racist in and of itself. 

If it's used to make fun of blacks, it's racist. If you use it to accurately depict something, it isn't. 

I wish we could break out of this "it's either 100% okay or it isn't" mentality...it's really short-sighted and immature.
@5:10 the black Pete in the books with the turban on represents The Moors. 
I Lived in Rotterdam for a while. I remember waking up on december 5th because a boat was blaring it's horn. So I looked out the window and this boat was coming in and it was covered in Zwarte Piet's all waving at everyone. 

You think you'll get used to these things but you don't.
Most children in Belgium are friends with zwarte piet (black pete) and afraid of Sinterklaas (St. Nicolas). They comfort and play with the children who wait to visit the sint. I played black pete multiple times and always we portrayed him as a duo with sinterklaas. Zwarte piet is the funny, happy, playfull dude who is there to make fun, Sinterklaas is a grumpy but wholehearted man who gives presents and listens to the stories children tell him. 

One could easily argue that an old man who asks young children  to come and sit on his lap is even more shocking. It's all about your frame of reference.
There are millions of people who have been coerced into slavery now today. Men, women children in places like Saudi 
Arabia when they go to work but but become slaves. Sex slave trafficking is rampant around the world. Many of the items we use every day this phone those computers and tablets we are all writing on we're literally made by slaves in China. There have been many instances of people finding sos notes I their blenders and iPod cases. Yet some still dwell on the slavery I the United States. Where hundreds of years ago Africans sold other Africans to be slaves. Yet none of those people talk about the slavery that STILL occurs today.  Why ?
It's all about getting the right kind of shoe polish. 
Totally agree. Just don't make him disappear and dont make him rainbow colors please
I am very intrigued by this issue. It handles extremely convoluted principes of rights. And allmost every argument is implying something else which is not discussed at all yet is really at the core of this issue.
EG: Are we still somewhat related and responsible for the suffering or wrongdoings of our ancestors?
Should we combat racism by attacking the symbols that racists use?
Which rights are more important, the right to express your culture when you mean no harm, or the right to not feel oppressed by a nation wide festivity?
Edit: typos
Honestly, it's 2015, every fucking thing is offensive. 
Americans worry about what the Dutch do for christmas while their police keep murdering young black men or putting them all in prison. 
I'm Dutch and I'm with the people that think it's not bad to gradually transform Piet into something more neutral.

However I will say this. 

I can understand that some of my fellow countrymen and women can get a bit defensive about the subject, because when you love Zwarte Piet and the tradition in its current form they feel they are being called a racist. That is really unfair. Every Dutch child loves Zwarte Piet and doesn't associate him with a man or woman that with African roots.

Sure, the grown ups need to talk about this. In the last years there has been debates about this in the Netherlands. Unfortunately the debate has been party A calling party B a racist and due to that people have been digging in their heels and no general consensus has been reached as a result. 

TV news reports (or whatever it is supposed to be) like this doesn't change the minds of the Dutch people that don't want Zwarte Piet being changed. They are being labeled as racists once again and thus will be more rigid.
Whatever historical facts are debated here, there is one thing I can tell you as someone that was a Dutch kid in the 90's. I NEVER made the connection between Black Pete and actual black people, let alone slaves. I always viewed him as a totally separate character, and I think I can speak for all Dutch (former) kids when I say that we all love black pete. He was the funny one, the one that handed out the candies, and the one that delivered the presents to your home. Every kid always wants to be Black Pete, and respects Black Pete.

I really think that the people that oppose it are the ones that introduced the thoughts of racism into the minds of Dutch kids. Regardless of whatever historical facts are debated here, I honestly believe that if one wants to draw any connections between Black Pete and black people, the influence is very positive. It would make black people look awesome, friendly, and nothing but all the other positive things connected with being Black Pete. There's no negativity surrounding the character at all, so why would it be harmful?
The Dutch holiday tradition is called Zwarte Pete, or Black Peter.  Also stop questioning this and stfu, it's not racist. Zwarte Pete is revered, not mocked.
I guess it's pretty funny to see something that would be so clearly racist here be so casual over there and defended so wildly. Perspective is fun! 
'Examins' my ass. Prejudice all over the place. Black Pete is in no way related to the American 'black face'. Stop projecting your racism on us.
if black pete isn't a problem then why are there are so many protests by the black dutch community about it?

http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2014/11/netherlands-black-pete-protest-2014111522726689370.html

http://stopblackface.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/ZPN-Demo-2013.jpg
I didn't see the documentary, cause to be honest I'm tired of this discussion. 

I'm a native Dutch woman and grew up  with these traditions. I never thought of Black Pete to be a charicature of a black person, but rather believed the story of him being black because of the chimneysoot. When you're five you don't question how authentic this chimneysweeper appearance is. 

As you grow up you learn about history and also the dark chapters of global and national history. You learn about racism and discrimination and perhaps even experience it. Being an educated adult has alowed me to review our traditions and I understand how they can be offensive and perceived as racism, allthough it's clearly not the intent. And I understand the sentiment of both side; The side advocating of keeping tradtions and national herritage and the side the advocates change. 

For a couple of years I have argued for changing Pete' s appearance and making him more of a soot-pete. I feel like I represent a large majority of the Dutch population in my stance on Black Peter. The ones that wouldn't mind a changed appearance but who don't feel it's of the utmost importance. It's the very loud, obnoxious minorty, both for and against black pete, that makes me grow so very tired of the discussion itself.

Mr Williams stated that his documentary was intended to embarrase the Dutch people. I'm willing to listen to reasonable arguments, but I'm not going to sit through a moralising American lesson about my culture and tradition
"Slavery in the Netherlands?"
"Yeah, not here, but in the South of America."

As a Southerner, I am used to being a scapegoat within the United States.  I mean, it is the whole, "well, [insert non-Southern region here] can't be racist because racism only happens in the South" mentality.  It is an easy way to overlook existing racial struggles in an area by sticking to the tired narrative that the South is the only racist area of the country and that the rest of the country is somehow a fairy land of racial cooperation and cultural inclusion.  

It is fascinating for me to see an interviewee use this same tactic to deny overt racism in abroad.  "Well, the American South held slaves and is racist, but the Netherlands is totally not racist despite our colonial past.  Therefore, we aren't racist by continuing the Black Pete tradition."  

At some point, we have to move on past this scapegoat tactic and confront the ugly realities of racism around the world.  Only then can we start moving forward and promoting inclusion of all races and cultures.
What exactly is the anti-Zwarte pieten movement trying to achieve? If its trying to reduce racism then I think they are currently doing the opposite. I personally don't really care. I think the current form of Zwarte-Piet will disappear. Probably the petes will be painted a different color. GOAL ACHIEVED no more racism .... (really ?)

The documentary is a bit odd. You put 100 man in a line looking like they are not happy up against a few dozens of children with an average age of 4-5. Which means crying children and a stressful atmosphere. "We were just standing there peacefully" I would translate this into a non announced demonstration (which I think is unlawful in most countries). And suddenly it's weird that police stops this demonstration?

I think it's a waste of energy. I agree that the party is based on racism and that we maybe could change this. But tons of stuff are based on racism. We have a huge overpopulation in the next century, which causes pollution which we might not get under control. We have terrorism groups like AQ and ISIS which are a problem for stability. I would prefer too put our energy in these kind of problems.
If the character isn't meant to be offensive, if he is LOVE and celebrated than I don't see how it is racist. Americans could be "offended" and say Santa clause is portraying all white people as obese...he's obviously not but if you cant put current cultural sensitivities on traditional characters. 
I never even thought about them being black before the controversy.
[deleted]
ITT: People arguing over history that they were never fucking involved in.
This guy reminds me of Jordan Peele. He's like a charactature of a black guy being offended. It's a dude in blackface, holy crap, get over it. "They have always made me feel less than human, i've spent a lifetime fighting those feelings" "I can't imagine what it's like for black people in the Netherlands" They probably don't give a F because they aren't fragile people like you.

They cut Quinsey Gario's interview to fit their narrative. He said "they asked me several times to leave" He must have been doing or saying something, but they cut out the details of his presence at the parade. As the police attempt to calmly take him aside they fight and kick out at the officers... no shit their gonna take you to the ground then. 

Some people are racist, get over it.
Dutch person checking in: No dutch person finds it racist, simply because it doesn't degrade black people. Black pete is your friend, that's what you're told. 

American people literally have no say over this. If you try, at least get rid of thanksgiving first. We'll talk after that. America is much, much more racist than the Netherlands is. 
apparently snoop dogg can do white face and it's perfectly okay 
Having lived in The Netherlands for a good stretch of time, every Dutch response in this thread is the same cliched responses you'll see every time Zwarte Piet gets mentioned. Downplaying racism in NL, stating that it's not intended to be racist, denying the significance of the big red lips and hoop earrings, its for kids, I never thought of it as racist, etc.... Comical to watch. Downvote away.
Black Pete is as racist as sinterklaas is religious 
America projects its own traumas and insecurities so hard onto the rest of the world... I'm not even sure if it realizes that race relations are quite different in other places, that history is vastly different and not all of us are the products of a society that once supported slavery.
The thumbnail for this post looks like Old Gregg in blackface. 
At 10:30 you see a black cop arresting the black man. And at 12:30 you see two women who appear to be colored. Interesting to me
I think that what people in the Netherlands think about African Americans is the least of African Americans worries. Nobody in the black community here cares about this issue at all, with the exception of this film maker and, perhaps, his mother. 
[Santa Doesn't Always Bring the Gifts: Other Christmas Traditions](http://www.newsgarden.org/columns/allliecolumnsxmas.shtml)
No western culture allowed.
They should just rename it to invert day and white kids can have black face and black kids can have white face.
Projecting southern style slavery on the left and on the left and on the left and on the situation.
Zwarte Piet!
Won't somebody PLEASE think of the childeren?
the picture offends me.

i have no stake and no context but that shit is offensive.  at least get a black person to play the part.
doesn't fucking matter. 
So I've seen maybe one or two posts about the slave trade from those who are against the tradition.

And then nearly 90% of the arguments I've seen defending the issue have to deal with American-sentiment, America's history, America policing it's values even if they are responding to people who have only discussed the issue within the scope of Dutch culture.




Looks like old greg to me
I learned about this from [Dwight](http://cdn.collider.com/wp-content/uploads/rainn-wilson-dwight-schrute-the-office.jpg) When he was [in charge of the Christmas celebrations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20SEHVEQW6k)
People are scared of change, so much that they wont even think about what the other party thinks.

This is a children's holiday, but they might be the only one in this whole situation who doesn't care.
Lots of discussion about colonialism. I don't think it even matters if it has roots in 17th century colonialism and slave trade, if the black population TODAY feels Zwarte Piet is racist. They're the ones who are to judge whether or not something is racist, I believe. Also, the whole discussion in the Netherlands made me realize how racist most Dutch people actually are. And I'm not talking about casual racism or naive denial, but actual hate driven racism. This whole discussion brings out the worst in people. The same goes for the whole refugee situation. Dutch people are showing themselves to be not progressive or liberal at all. I am disappoint. :(
as a kid growing up in the Netherlands zwarte piet was a childhood hero.He was kind, funny, smart and helpful. I didn't associate zwarte piet with black people any more than I did my neighbor who was called Piet. Only as you get older you see the references in zwarte piet's appearance to slavery and I see how this can be subject to discussion. But why would stand there at a childrens parade with signs saying " zwarte piet is fout" ( black piet is wrong). What kind of message are you sending those thousands of children looking up to zwarte piet?  
Blackface, just like words are not hurtful in of themselves. Its the meaning you do/use the blackface/word that can make it hurtful. So many people are just getting offended because they can. I did not take any part in the slave trade and you live in the same world as me, eat the same food as me and go to the same schools as me, yet I have some sort of privilege because of the colour of my skin? Fuck off. If you judge anybody for the colour of their skin you are a fucking racist and I hate racists. ACTIONS are what makes people good or bad, not the colour of their skin.
As a dutch person this really starts to piss me off. 

If you need to examine if something its racist, if it isn't obviously racist (like when people want to discriminate based on race), why the need to analyse? 

There is a lot of real and obvious racism in the world and its really not that hard to find it....
I wish South Park would do an episode about this.

I feel they'd capture the mutual lack of understanding of both sides perfectly, and it'd fit perfectly with their PC-themed season.
All I'll say is Mr. PoPo...
not racist, you just [gotta make the lips funny!](https://youtu.be/-0L_oJMhcs0?t=21s)
Will it never end?
Oh boy, let me guess what the conclusion to the question is...
[here is some dutch hip-hop, Zwart Licht ("dark light"), their name is a play on Zwart Pete (Dark Pete)] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iq_HP8mgT8A)
There is nothing inherently wrong or racist about using makeup to make yourself look like a different person. It's no more "racist" than wearing a wig or colored contacts.

Blackface in the US has terrible historical connotations because of minstrel shows. It shouldn't be applied to any other culture. Zwarte Piet may be "problematic" for some other reason, but that needs to be demonstrated independently, instead of applying American taboos on the Netherlands.
A similar ''blackface'' is a big tradition in my area.

[Morčić](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/Rijecki_karneval_140210_23_Morcic.jpg)

To be short, it symbolizes a victory over Turks, but there is also a story where it celebrates freedom of an ex Venetian slave. 


It's only racist when whites do it.

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0381707/?ref_=ttfc_fc_tt
It's racism. There, I just saved you some time. 
Black Pete sounds like a cool guy. 
Just because it didn't happen on Dutch soil doesn't mean it didn't happen on Dutch soil doesn't mean it didn't happen at all.
I would be curious to hear how a native Dutch black person feels about this issue who grew up knowing the tradition.
I don't see the point of it being related to slavery... Black Pete is the helper because he wants to. The children love him, the adults love it. He's not being treated like a slave but as a friendly man who helps out. How can people see this as racism? It's a guy helping out an older guy making children happy with gifts... What does it matter how those guys look? Their looks are traditions but I don't really care if their looks are being changed, the reason people want it to change is just wrong in my eyes. Normally we love to see people making children happy but because the helper is black it's racism? If they both were white we would get comments for that. I don't get why the colour is an issue when it is about doing something fun and good. 
Please clarify racist ash marks? 
If i have to read one more fucking thing about racism I'm going to explode.  
**Spoiler:** It's racism
The difference is that the people of the Netherlands look up to black peter, morons.... 
The connection of zwarte piet and a colored human was just not there in the dutch psyche, there is no connection to any feeling of superiority whatsoever.

So is this racist? I would argue no, how can something be racist if it's not meant as such.

Is it offensive? Clearly, I have nothing against changing the tradition to one everyone can enjoy.

But please understand that for many dutch people this feels like people telling them they are racist fucks because darth vader in star wars is black.
The natural response is "but but but why, go away you silly man :/"







wtf racists
RELAX americans are allowed to have opinions about your backwards european dogfucking country. Don't be so sensitive you guys, it's only opinions
Theyre white. Its racist. 

#its 2015 guys
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/blackladies] [Northern European redditors Defend Blackface](https://np.reddit.com/r/blackladies/comments/3v0fai/northern_european_redditors_defend_blackface/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
[deleted]
It's as racist as someone perceives it to be. When i was young and Sinterklaas was coming i was mostly looking forward to the Zwarte Pieten. Not because they were black, but because they were the most fun to look at and acted silly as shit. I didn't even think about what colour they were. The only people complaining about this are either Americans, who will grab anything they can find to show they're not the most racist country in the world, or people who have made it a profession to complain about everything. 

And as i said, it's the story you want to believe that decides how racist it is. The story i've always been told is that Sinterklaas went to Turkey to a slave market, was disgusted at this slave market, bought every slave he could and then gave them their freedom. A lot of those now ex-slaves were so thankful they decided to work for him from then onward. Now most people like to complain and take the moral highground, so they'll believe they're slaves he enslaved to do his dirty work. I think this says more about the people complaining than the people who see him as a golly fun man who just goes around throwing candy at kids.
It isn't a "harmless children's holiday" if it triggers a disenfranchised minority you fucking retards. 
Black people could also have a tradition if they want, paint their faces white, have a girl in white face walking them on a leash, while reading ikea instructions on a stool and taking 4 hours to build it.  Or a guy in white face in a wife beater undershirt, walking around with a bottle of Budweiser,  drunk, pretending to beat the shit out of his white face wife.   
But that wouldn't be racist, it would could be a holiday, like the 4th of July, or other "white" holidays.
Butthurts


As a Dutchie, I get that this looks pretty bad from an outsiders point of view, but aren't there bigger things in the world to worry about America? Like ISIS and your corrupt health care system.
Black Pete brings candy and gifts and every dutch kids is happy to see him. How does this represent anything wrong or evil?
Unlike in the United States, the black community of the Netherlands consists entirely of voluntary immigrants. These are people who chose to move to that country knowing what its traditions were. 

Now they want to forcibly change Dutch culture. 

Imagine if Christians moved to Turkey and tried to get Halal meat banned for animal cruelty. 
Don't you Americans have Indians to kill or something?
Could America please stop celebrating the genocide on the native Americans on Thanksgiving please?
ITT:  A lot of very-smart Dutch people.   
As a dutch guy, I do not actually care about how this guy looks. 

I just think it's a bit silly that even the United Nation commitee has an opinion about this. Isn't there something else to solve? like world hunger, actual slavery or world peace?
"But muh trudishuns!"

Zwarte Piet is the Dutch version of the Confederate flag.
I understand why people would be upset.
But St.Nicolas doesn't  feel the same anymore it just doesn't have a festive feel to it for *me* anymore and all the fun is gone because i cant help but feel I'm offending some person or another for supporting something i would get excited giddy and happy about only a handful of years ago. This whole situation couldn't have been sadder.

From knee high I've been taught that they are black because of the chimney if anyone else wasn't taught that it is bad parenting and associating it to blackface is racist on its own.

I know this will probably be ignored but to anyone who isn't dutch please realize this is dutch culture and values that are being altered because of our current society being so intolerant and not capable of understanding while pretending they do 
Look at whats going on at Yale just an example anyway thats all. 
i live in a country where people paint their faces to celebrate our history (before anyone says anything about it, every single people there do that, no matter their skin color). 

america, you tarnish what you touch, and now our tradition is being observed as racist because you export your own brand of race guilt and self shame to every single place.

i really hope this becomes your downfall, since you are so ashamed of being alive, so regretful for things your ancestors did many centuries ago, so righteous when judging people using your lenses refusing to see the world beyond your eco chambers.

you used to be great, to be brave in the face of danger and sane in a world full of lunatics, the time has come and now you cower in fear because you forgot how to make friends and the ignorance ravishes your country because its easy than using your common sense.

this documentary only serves to show how twisted the things have become to this be brought as an example of racism ignoring the reality of every single people not from america.
Honestly if we have to have a fucking discussion on whether or not to be offended, clearly you shouldn't make the choice to be offended and move on. 
ITT : Americans trying to figure out other countries' traditional customs and policing them.
I thought white people did not have an culture? And they stole it from blacks. I mean that what blm people are telling me.
I would be culturally adopted.
Because he's opposition. He isn't only rscist but also says no to some stupid plans. People. Just hate our VVD so they vore Wilders for big change. I hate Wilders myself. He's a dumb cunt. But i can imagine some hate towards VVD
The current provincial government in Nova Scotia, elected in 2013, stumbled into this mess. They had a newly elected up-and-coming MLA named Joachim Stroink, who is quite a fierce Dutch-Canadian. He got a photo taken of him hamming it up with Blackface Pete and ended up getting absolutely DRAGGED through the media muck and made an example of. So much public shaming. So much talk of rehabilitative counselling. He made the dreaded mistake of being the first bad news story of a new government, and it was all thanks to this silly tradition. 

Thanks, blackface pete. 
I love a good Gollywog 
Ever drank baileys from a shoe? 
I've had a similar problem in the UK. I used to play music for a Border Morris dance team. We blacked up.

I was worried when we went to my first festival. The Annual Rochester Sweeps Festival. I stopped worrying about it when we passed 2 gentlemen on a food stall. One was clearly Indian, selling curries, the other guy was Jamaican selling jerk chicken.

They were blacked up. Most of the town was!
 
Liberals want to change "history" to anything that harms their views or beliefs never happened.

So much for progressive accpentance when you cant even handle tradition and holidays.
https://www.google.com/search?q=belsnickel&amp;rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS647US647&amp;hl=en-US&amp;biw=375&amp;bih=591&amp;prmd=ivsn&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;fir=pVhAfgn179QCBM%253A%252C1qYB8pqPH6BTeM%252C_%253BGl-1rzgo3EtKkM%253A%252CKvUe1zhynPORoM%252C_%253BQ_c95ixJ--uosM%253A%252CKkbnLREUkulPlM%252C_%253BXyaBTtjzsrS1LM%253A%252CmqSr0RvIxxLsrM%252C_%253Bpohav-u1-cvvSM%253A%252CQcUa2Tr9lBn0-M%252C_%253B35xJUvZ3DoVvPM%253A%252CMTvLEnEnT13FUM%252C_%253BeIYgg-codffL2M%253A%252CkrBfACQLLUrF8M%252C_%253Btkgx4k0COiXxjM%253A%252C77xJzbByiT-ePM%252C_%253BQlDfnDOdb-zAvM%253A%252CGp1aydylfOnhGM%252C_%253BN0Mwh6eEwEphCM%253A%252CXVEd7IDZ5jknXM%252C_&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiO_ZbhvbvJAhUMJiYKHR_lBmQQ420IRQ&amp;usg=__W8esiZE7BEsxDcv513Y9vDhXetI%3D#imgrc=Gl-1rzgo3EtKkM%3A&amp;usg=__W8esiZE7BEsxDcv513Y9vDhXetI%3D
White people - "Hey americans are so sensitive. WAHHH WHY CANT I BE RACIST WITHOUT CRITICISM"

Lets just cut to the chase if your white your a racist.
If your not a liberal your a racist.nuff said.
dutch people are in denial about their country's racist traditions!
OH great another thread full of people defending a racist caricature.
in what way is this a harmless childrens holiday? You have to be crazy to think this isn't blackface

just wow
Tumblerina had a heart attack watching this. 
/r/cringe
Where I come from, we don't give a shit. Just shut up and let kids enjoy their holiday.

And there isn't a single person I know that relates it to racism. I never did either, not until people started making a big deal out of it. Children know to distinguish between black peter and black people, because black peter looks ridiculous, as he should. It's a children's holiday.
I guarantee the pc police made up their minds before clicking this link...
Just drop the zwarte bit and move on! This is a fun tradition for kids and i am  people from other countries would enjoy it too! Just variation of good ol santa
That be Racist!!
I'm a bit late to the party, and in all honesty did not watch the documentary yet. 

The thing with Sinterklaas is that it is also celebrated in the old colony of Suriname and the islands Aruba, Bonaire and Curacao. The inhabitants there are very dark skinned, and also paint their faces black. Doesn't that close the topic? If even black people don't see the problem with it, and even paint their faces black themselves?
&gt;is racism or just a harmless children's holiday.

can't it be both?  racism can be destructive, but it also can be hilarious.  
Yeah its probably racist. But fuck off, its our tradition. 
I am sure we will hear more cries of oppression and racism. 
[deleted]
This should be showed in elementary schools everywhere. 
The lack of any dialogue is actually really captivating. 
I was unaware of the scale the palm oil industry is.  I live in America and consume many of the products it's used in, but was uneducated on this. 
&amp;nbsp;

Plus hardwood floors are becoming more and more popular.  The more exotic the wood, the better in some people's minds.  I have the cheap stuff in my house, but it had to come from somewhere.
&amp;nbsp;

Balancing nature and our want for these goods is a real bitch.  We're enablers.  Killing off the environment of our closest animal relatives isn't good for the planet.
This year still wasn't as bad as 1997. That shit was awful 
I don't believe I could watch that. 

It would hurt too much. 
Where have you seen palm oil industry is.
Monkey in the US?
Savages.
I'm a bit confused. Why do Western countries buy wood from Indonesia? Don't we have a great deal of forests in America and Europe?
[deleted]
The thumbnail looks like a severely infected eye. 
Monkey in the thumbnail looks like a severely infected eye.
I know this isn't PC... felt the emotions early on, lack of dialogue was strange....bored. moved on
Fuck those apes.

I don't want hydrogenated shit in my food.  

If I could grow my own palm trees, I would.  Til then...
I've written a number of papers on this movie (and her Olympia works) throughout my college career, and every time I see it the thing that shocks me the most is just how beautiful it is.

A lot of people talk about how skilled Riefenstahl was as a propagandist, but she was just a superb filmmaker in general. If she had been born in a different time or a different place she would be listed among the greatest of all time with a much higher frequency.
welcome to free and liberal country of germany where you can't watch this video..
American Sniper was a propaganda film, I would not call it the greatest, but it did pack the theatres. It is humorous that any other name that could be inserted in the description of where the sniper came from (i.e., "Syrian" sniper, or "Chinese" sniper, or "Pakistani sniper") would have probably made it to CNN, and have been deplored as rooting for and encouraging death and foreign destruction. 
It is always so odd that people just assume that many things spoken of now, cannot or do not occur presently, and in the US. Propaganda for example, is alive and well here and world wide (for better or worse). Torture can be listed as the same. It just seems like an almost futile task, when one attempts to get the average American to consider life outside themselves, or from another's perspective, much less from a different or foreign "some one else" perspective.
Oh God please don't read the comments 
This film is the most obvious example of the saying, " A person is smart; people are stupid
In a documentary where Leni is asked who choreographed all the marching and stuff, she said, "they did", and that she just set up cameras and filmed it *as a documentary*. In this documentary of her life, it's mentioned that she also documented an earlier rally two years earlier, and it was not nearly as good. 

Then, after Triumph, she got a blank check from the nazis, and used that money to have all kinds of special gear made -- lenses and stuff, for Olympiad. 
Peter Jackson draw inspiration from this movie for "The two Towers" - just watch the orcs muster at Isengard...
TIL Riefenstahl was a woman.
Oh hey, look at Israel blocking this video but mandates the visit in a Holocaust museum while in highschool

Am Jew &gt;:(
How is this propaganda? I watched this in a film class earlier, but we never really discussed it. I didn't see anything obvious that made the movie a propaganda tool. I'm curious
I wrote my thesis on this film.  Getting this &amp; Mein Kampf from public library gets you some strange looks.
This video gave me chills. Hitler was a fucked up guy but damn he knew how to motivate the masses. We could use some of that in our world 
*cough* American Sniper *cough*
Truly an inspirational piece of work. There hasn't been a propaganda piece made since that inspires such a sense of awe and grandeur. 
The beginning reminds me of that scene in Star Wars where Han, Luke and Chewie walk through a congregation to receive medals for destroying the death star.

You know, I wonder what would have happened if one of the other fellows had landed the bombs in that trench. Luke and buddies would have just been chilling off to the sides watching porkins or someone receive the accolades.

I bet they wouldn't have even gone to the ceremony, they'd be too cool or too busy to attend. 
The most surprising thing about this movie is the total lack of any anti-semitism. 



Imagine if Americans today came together like this
Ain't no party like a Nazi party!
great documentary...i just saw also the propaganda film American Snipper, was pretty scary too
Sadly the Germans lost ww2
Truly one of the best films of all times, the NSDAP's struggle against reactionaries and bolsheviks is one of the greatest in history, and they will forever be our martyrs, heil Hitler!
Some turnout, a hundred grand

Get with it we'll shake his hand

Don't bother to understand

Don't question the little man

Be part of the brotherhood

Yes it's chain lightning

It feels so good

Hush brother, we cross the square

Act natural like you don't care

Turn slowly and comb your hair

Don't trouble the midnight air

We're standing just where he stood

It was chain lightning

It feels so good 
Anyone know why Hitler does that sort of half-assed, arm not fully extended, salute? He just looks kinda gay while doing it. Everyone else always goes all out, stiff arm and all, but he's kind of like "meh" most of the time.
Why is it that every documentary about Fukushima fails to put the readings from the dosimeter into perspective?

&gt; .22.  That's totally normal.   
&gt; It's at 10.  Holy shit!

Where are the units?  Where is the context?  How bad is it really?

I guess it is more dramatic to count off increasing numbers over the ominous tones from the dosimeter.  Fortunately there is always this to help us maintain perspective:

http://xkcd.com/radiation/

The reason no one is scared in the documentary is because they realize that the radiation levels are elevated, but not dangerous.
The title is pretty unfair -- only a pretty small portion of the prefecture was affected by the disaster, and an even smaller portion is considered uninhabitable. 

The entire prefecture is over 13,000 square kilometers. The original exclusion zone (which has been shrunk in the meanwhile) was a rough half-circle with a 20km radius -- about 200 square kilometers. That is to say, less that 2% of Fukushima was ever deemed uninhabitable.
I wonder when we'll all collectively stop referring to the Fukushima exclusion zone as "uninhabitable" - it really doesn't qualify.  It's also not "one of the most dangerous places on the planet."  In fact, it's completely habitable right now, if not totally safe.  The level of radiation you would receive by living there is high, but only about the yearly limit for a worker in a nuclear reactor, and half the lowest yearly dose that has been clearly linked to increased risk of cancer (http://xkcd.com/radiation).  In fact, there is at least one man still living in the exclusion zone (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llM9MIM_9U4).  Interestingly, the town of Pripyat in the Ukraine also now has a background dose of about this level.  These are not dangerous levels of radiation, and yet everyone freaks out about them.
This is like a shitty travel blog. 
It rustles my jimmies that this kind of scaremongering bullshit gets so many upvotes. 

This video is absolutely idiotic. The "documentary" starts by showing a destroyed town, which was most likely due to the earthquake or the tsunami, and has nothing to do with the power plant. Not that they say it anyway.

"One of the most dangerous places on the planet". Not a single person has died due to the incident. Not even radiation workers.

"Nuclear fallout, or simply fallout, is the residual radioactive material propelled into the upper atmosphere following a nuclear blast or a nuclear reaction conducted in an unshielded facility, so called because it "falls out" of the sky after the explosion and shock wave have passed. " - Wikipedia

There was NO fallout in the Fukushima accident. The title of the documentary makes it look like that there was, and the effects spread beyond Fukushima. They didn't. There were barely any effects at all. 
Ridiculous nuclear scaremongers. Every public school should have a mandatory 1 week class taught by a nuclear engineer.  
http://webecoist.momtastic.com/2013/01/22/hot-spots-earths-5-most-naturally-radioactive-places/  
**TL;DR** People are living today cancer free in areas with far higher natural radiation than Fukushima's evacuated neighborhoods.  
Radiation should be *avoided*, not **feared**.
Cant escape the hype
If we don't get our act together? What the fuck is he talking about? Nuclear power is still the most logical choice and way safer than coal. 
Pretty fascinating. Can't wait to play fallout!!
No, I've done several research papers on the subject. Nuclear is on average cheaper in c/kwh that natural gas in all countries where they are competing in -5% discount rate, and in the -10% discount even though natural gas may be cheaper, the difference is negligible. In Japan, even at -10% discount,  nuclear is cheaper than natural gas. [http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/economic-aspects/economics-of-nuclear-power/]((WNO))

The Reactors you described are probably old and are being decommissioned, or they are competing in a region that heavily favors natural gas competitively. 

Nuclear is the option needed to mitigate environmental damage, if more people are informed then a brighter future will be reached. Also, solar panels. 
No dumbass, Fallout is based out of Boston this time.

I feel like I have to say this is a joke because I feel like eveeytime I try and tell a joke people think I'm 100% serious.
Crazy that one of the survivors keeps the irreplaceable pictures of his ancestors in his destroyed home.
18 seconds in - Narita location on map incorrect.
Some americans like to talk bad about japan for a nuclear disaster yet most are unaware of the disaster here in Washington state that has yet to be cleaned up. The US nuclear disaster was much more preventable as well. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanford_site

That's some especially credulous journalism. I'd appreciate some context other than the narrator wandering around saying "Holy shit!" and generally accepting what's given him.
What about the nuclear waste?
Wow, an amazing perspective showing society after nature disaster  
More overblown and fearpushing crap... Small scale fuckul with few if any direct deaths and almost no large scale or long term consequences
I work in a hospital 3km outside of the Fukushima exclusion zone. Whenever I see these types of documentaries that harbor clear bias from the beginning ("one of the most dangerous places on earth." Really?) it wears on me greatly.

The actual situation here is complex, and should not be generalized. The zone itself is diverse in terms of risk: some cities have radiation levels that are very low (and are in the process of re-opening for residency) while others have outstanding levels of radiation. It is simply untrue to say that the whole zone is either safe or dangerous.
Crazy that one of the waste we can't see that does the most damage.
Even /r/Documentaries has to remind me that I'm at work today and not playing Fallout 4.... 
not another fallout thread. pretty  plox
"If we don't get our act together, this is what's in store for all of us." yeah, no.
Wow, that first Fallout 4 DLC sure did come out...

...oh. 

Oh. 
Man I'm so sick of people who have no idea of the concepts of nuclear power who try to berate it. Radiation is so fucking overrated. People think that it's some kind of an immediate death sentence because it's invisible. 
Wow. Translating the sign at the end there was really well done.
Yes their hysteria did, letting Fukushima justify decades upon decades of Japanese nuclear safety being thrown out. If you recall the meltdown was due to people involved , not the technology. Despite that people are now opting for fossil fuel energy in fear, forgetting that this is the first meltdown of disaster in their history. 
did realize this was an anti-nuclear energy vid. it was right up until the end where he says, if we dont get our act together....blah blah. 
These graphics are shit, so glad I didn't preorder
Fukishima is a joke because I feel like eveeytime I try and tell a joke because I feel like I have to say that the whole zone is either safe or dangerous.
Excellent time to get attention to some real fallout. Unfortunately more time will be spent helping post apocalyptic Boston then helping irradiated Japan. 
We all know the dangers of radiation, but with the right precautions, you can prevent accidental death, or even... ugh... Ghoulification. Keep your eyes on those Geiger Counters, kids. "Tick-tick-tickity" means "run your ass outta there"
The cheapness of nuclear electricity cannot be exaggerated, cheaper than any of the other energy sources other than hydroelectric. 

Japan's grid is a success story of the nuclear option, it's a shame that it's citizens let Fukushima damage that image.

 Maybe when Generation IV Reactors are built people will stop fearing the technology (it's borderline infallible). Unfortunately, by then it'll be too late for the planet. 
My favourite part was at the end where the cat sniffed the other cats ass
Perfect timing with the fallout 4 release!
Is This somehow related to the wide game? 
Pretty good work for high school students overall.

**Criticism:**

You could have cut down some dialogue and put up some stats/graphs supporting your arguments (along with their sources); that would have made your argument much more convincing. 

Also, the end was somewhat weak. Many documentaries/presentations include a summary of their key points at the end (incredibly important for anything that lasts more than +10 min) and it would have been nice to hear a concise overview of the points you wanted the audience to take home. 




I take issue with the principal saying no one cares about grades at university.

Tell that to admissions. Or scholarships. Or specific degrees (college of ...).

Then when in university tell that to the scholarship foundations again, internships, research opportunities, and admissions for higher degrees.

Then when you graduate into a competitive field make sure to tell the employers asking for your GPA that it doesn't matter.

Unfortunately GPA does matter. Don't lie to these kids. It's not the best system but it's the one we have now. These are impressionable young minds and will believe what you say. GPA absolutely matters. Don't find that out the hard way.
your GPA matters because you are currently a student.  what else they gonna ask about?  after you haven't been a student for a couple years, no one asks
Hey man, good stuff, let me throw at you a little bit of perspective from being a Sophomore in College right now.

so I think if we are going to talk about highschool grades and GPA, there should be a point of reference between highschool 'performance'       college       and then finally post college opportunities.


So let's break it down, and when I say post college opportunities I am saying basically anything that you can do after your undergrad, be it graduate school, working, maybe enlisting or becoming an officer, literally anything.

So essentially, and I hate to say this, undergrads aren't really a proof of knowledge. Undergrads are a sheet of paper that is a proof of work ethic. REAL knowledge and skill that can be applied in an environment outside of college, can only be found in post undergrad work experience, or graduate school. It's just the reality. Example: if your a business major, work experience and MBA are where your real technical and mechanical skills come from. Liberal arts, you really gotta have a grad degree to go far in the respective industries. Engineering, well, this one is a bit different, and the undergrad degree is pretty potent, but engineering firms still really need you to spend about a year working with them and getting some experience under your belt before you can come out of the closet in the back office and actually work with the big boys.

So how does this all tie into highschool? Well, the value of that piece of paper, which embodies your own personal work ethic and ability to 'learn' is valued based off of the name of the university at the top. An undergrad at UPenn is worth undoubtedly more than one from Kalamazoo community. And there are lots of reasons besides highschool grades that people don't go to the best colleges, chiefly financials. The system is BY NO MEANS FAIR OR PERFECT, but the reality is we have to ladder students based off of their prospective success chances in what is essentially the same learning process/system but at a higher level. 

I am not saying that the grading system is perfect, but if you want to change it, I think you would have to really change how college admissions work, how undergraduate degrees are valued, and all sorts of other things. It's a massive task. Education is an ecosystem man, not a bunch of isolated parts.
Grade systems taught me how to sit and look like I'm being attentive in class while playing on my phone and listening to music while simultaneously setting up a giant cheating ring at my high school which translated nicely into the job world. Looking 100% productive while doing the bare minimum.
I apologize if this breaks any sub rules, if it does I'll take it down immediately.

This documentary was made by 2 of my friends and myself, we are only in highschool so it's obviously not professional quality :)

If you have any insightful feedback we would love to hear it!
heh I remember when they were building Fossil Ridge. Still no 9th graders?
In Canada, I knew a teacher(Catholic school) who was once told that they were NOT allowed to fail any student.  Completely demolishing any point of a grading system.

Same school only counted a day as absent if the student was goen for the whole day.  So, showing up for one class did NOT count as an absent day and they were allowed 20 absent days(10% of the total school days available).  Which means nothing if they aren't allowed to fail and only have to attend 1 class for the entire day.

Total train wreck.
My spouse is a grad 5 teacher...the parents of the students OBSESS over the grade their child gets. Very few parents are concerned about how much their child is learning.

Assignments that get done at home are clearly completed by the parents as the quality of the work and the words used in composition is 100% mom and dad, not at a level that even matches the student's vocabulary.

The funny thing is a lot of work is being done on Google Classroom. Any amendments to the documents are time and date stamped for the teacher to see when students have been doing work and to ensure that due dates are met.

The number of assignments that are completed between 10:00pm and 1:00am is incredible. I never knew that 10 year olds liked to work so late.
I realized that I learn more when I am put into real life instances, where I am thrown into a problem that I need to solve. I now have a web design business, develop apps on the side and am a full time software developer at the age of 24. People I work with think I am the smartest person ever, little do they know I failed a bunch of classes in University because I put more of my time and energy in real life situations where the real learning happens. All I needed was that piece of paper you get at the end for passing a bunch of memorization classes so that I can get hired into my field. 

I now have a computer science major, minor in psychology, and let me tell you that Google has been my best friend when I am working. Not memorizing a bunch of formulas just to prove that I can solve an equation with it. What does it matter if I remember something or not, because if I don't I can just reference it somewhere in the real world very quickly. There should be more classes about optimizing research on the internet, that would be more beneficial.

Anyways, end of my rant. The project based system is the way to go because it is most like real-world situations. In the real world, jobs that require an education almost always involve solving some sort of problem and moving onto the next one. It should be more about "What did I do when I solved a problem like this before?", not "What is the best way to memorize this information for this date?".
There were a couple good points in this documentary. 

However, I felt the overall impression was that of student's point of view: 'I just memorize things in class and take a test'. This **is** the first step in learning.

A few questions though:

* why don't the teachers have any discussion on [Bloom's Taxonomy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloom%27s_taxonomy#The_Cognitive_Domain_.28Knowledge-Based.29) and how it is used in the curriculum and/or evaluations? 
* Why is everyone in the documentary caucasian?...it makes the documentary feel skewed.
Eh...this is pretty weak.  It looks exactly like what a high school kid talks about with his friends while bitching about a math test.

GPA does matter, a lot.  If your GPA is crap, you are not getting into any decent university. 

Grades matter because they are how your teacher evaluates if you are understanding the material.  You not putting effort into it just makes the teacher think you need more exposure and help to understand it. 

Good grades let the teacher know that they are teaching it in a manner that the students are understanding.  Bad grades let the teacher know that they need to adjust their lesson plans accordingly.

Grades are not a conspiracy and they support exactly the point of school.  The point of school is not to make you know everything.  It is to teach you how to figure stuff out for yourself and also to give you a solid general foundation for the world around you.  it gives you something to build on as an adult.

Grades help the school decide if the foundation you have is going to crumble when you try to put a house on it.

Edit: Also, you are allowed to do multiple takes of something.  If something does not go perfect, you go back and do it again.  And you need to get multiple microphones and better ones.
This is ... dare I say... *sophomoric* at best.

Skip it. It offers nothing of actual value.
Interesting! Here in Iceland, we use a different grading system, but the points being made are very relevant.﻿
Well done, gentlemen! Nice to see some of what you are thinking about.﻿
It's Ms. Yeager. Being reddit I know you are going to get a lot of opinions, here's one more:) I think this is the perfect example of taking your skills in literacy and communication out of the artificial environment of school and putting it out into the world. And that is supposed to be the point of school, right? Real world issues, real world passion, real world content. The fact that I can log onto reddit and comment along with people from Iceland about your thoughts exemplifies the idea of schooling. Proud of y'all.
Grades sure as hell matter if you're in a STEM field.
Grades are the metrics that we can all agree upon. Obviously not everything is captured in a letter grade or a number but it is valuable as it is easy o understand and to compare/contrast.

In life we use restaurant grades, gasoline grades, performance grades at work and countless other metrics to be able to compare and contrast. 

Telling kids that grades aren't important is pretty useless; not only do you create serious doubt in their minds but you are also setting them up for failure later on I life.


I think grades do work if you are looking at what they are actually measuring.  It is not really measuring your knowledge or how smart you are.  It is measuring how well you can meet the standards and expectations set out at the beginning of the course.  Can you read a syllabus and meet deadlines?  These are the things that will make you successful in college and in a job.  If you are going to invent the next Facebook because you are a genius, that is not going to be captured in the traditional school setting, but you can now work outside of the traditional framework thanks to the Internet and social media.  In my current job, I don't care if you are a genius if you can't show up to work on time or meet a deadline, but that is because my organization puts a higher value on reliability than innovation.  High school is a form of socialization to make people productive members of society and evaluate if they can conform to and meet standards.
Personally grades didn't matter for me in highschool. I already knew I was going to junior college before a state university so the only gpa that would help me get in was from JuCo.
Is this what people in HS think now? I heard some districts dropped final exams as well... Your GPA used by an employer to evaluate you for a job. Most applications have min 3.0 or 3.5. Once you're in college no one cares what GPA you had in highschool or what you got on your tests or your exracurriculars you had in high school except for job specific work experience. When a grade fails to accurately measure a students performance in a class, that means that the teacher/school system fucked up by not creating an accurate metric system. There's nothing inherently wrong with marking how someone performed a certain task/class. It's called being evaluated and it will happen for the rest of your life you should learn how to be good at it

Interesting! Here in Iceland, we use a different grading system, but the points being made are very relevant.﻿
I'm curious, if grades don't work, how did previous generations gain the critical thinking abilities to design aircraft, get a man to the moon, come up with cures for major diseases.. all of the things that were invented in the last 50-100 years? If the grading system is crap and doesn't work, how were we able to accomplish these things? 
Could it be that teaching has changed? The ability for a teacher to present the coursework in such a way that insights the student to be creative in coming up with a solution? I agree that HS has become nothing more than a production line to get kids into college.. But that is a curriculum issue, not a grade issue. Fix the problem, not the result. I recently read a study that said a BS degree is the equivalent of a HS Diploma of 30 years ago. Kids aren't learning "life skills" they are learning how to take tests. If they aren't being challenged in the class room to think creatively it is not the Grading system that is at fault, it's the curriculum and the skill of the teacher. A student has to be measured to see if he has "learned" what is being taught. The measurement is a test. The results of the test is a grade. It's a process that worked well until the things being taught and the teachers that taught them became sub-par. NOT all teachers are sub par, and to be honest, they have their hands tied based on what they are being given to teach. Fix the curriculum to give the kids more leeway into creative thinking and learning along with the teachers ability to get the thoughts across and grades will handle themselves. I'm sorry, but I don't know of any HS classes that are sized at 200, I could be wrong but still I think the average class size is still 20-25 kids and teachers are pissed, because they don't have enough time to work with all of them. That and the parents often times don't have the knowledge, patience or time after working 50-60 hours a week to sit down and help the kids out. It's not grades that are the problem it's everything else that makes up a much larger problem.
Stop smoking weed at school
I imagine they have reqyirements of their own and I are all in TV production at our local high schools.
eh I would give it a B/B-
If your GPA matters because you are at applying that information in the product.
What do you call a law school student who graduates at the bottom of his class? 
Nice try guys, but your grades DO matter to admissions in university, they matter because they reflect effort and work habits as well as the  ability to retain and interpret information.

So go back to school.
I'm sure these highschoolers are experts in the field of education research, with lots of experience in education research, and therefore make many evidence-based and backed-up claims.
First time I've seen a documentary on reddit all the way through. I definitely don't agree with the views of the Russian Nationalists in the documentary, but I did find it fascinating to look at their perspective. 

The documentary wasn't all that bad at all. It's the BBC3 after all. The host looked for answers and asked questions with very little intrusion of his own beliefs, nor did he try to change anyone's mentality. Which is really what you want from a documentary. To be informed. Not watch someone try to impose themselves on others.
Part 2 takes a look at sexual orientation in Russia, also worth a watch. There is a pretty funny sauna scene 43 minutes in.

http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2pd8nm_extreme-russia-2-of-3-gay-and-under-attack_tv

We have the exact same people here in the USA, the fact they also have them in Russia is no surprise.
Great documentary, watched the whole thing at 2 am in the morning, was so interesting i could simply not go to sleep.
What I can't figure out is that Fashion/design/social media place; Set. So is that a State sponsored propaganda tool or are those kids doing this on their own? 
    
It is kinda strange that the girl from the photoshoot is holding a mp 40, a weapon used to kill russian/ soviet soldiers. Maybe it shows what the average Russian does for research when it comes to history.

I wonder if the guy liked the video or sent that killer to England 
Daily Motion is glitchy as fuck.
You dont need to talk with nationalists, since whole agenda right now is basically US far right one, and all federal channels are Fox News.
I'm Russian btw
Surprised I actually watched this the whole way through. I knew Russia was a bit edgy with this sort of thing but....
This is on a whole other level of hatred like it sounds like the beginning of a race war in Moscow. I am caucasian and even if I learnt Russian and integrated with their culture I would still be nervous to visit yet alone live in that city. 
Yeah I need a Russian homophobe to explain to me how a large part of the homophobes in part 2 don't have problems with their own sexuality? For example, the fascination with masculinity is a dead giveaway. "Ruski men stronk warriorz, no gays before west bring gay" - homophobes wearing gay sailor outfits.
    
Or how about the 60 year old city council member and "guy-in-blue-tracksuit" following gay people around for their jobs while surrounding themselves with young boys...calling others pedophiles. I mean, if history is anything to go by - and I promise you it is - these people are the pedophiles and statistically these homophobes are more likely to be gay than non-homophobes so...
    
It's also interesting how 3/4 of Ruski's identify as orthodox, yet yearn for the soviet days when such things weren't possible? 
    

    

I enjoyed it, nothing surprised me due to the current state of the world. I wish more time was spent with the hipster youth culture on the right than the extreme racist side. Who's funding these young people to sit around and make conservative Russian politics trendy? Their interviews seemed more brainwashed than the neo-nazi(esque) kids. Are people actually taking to these trends? Just seemed like a whole lot of r/FellowKids
Bottom line don't trust the man in blue. 
Anyone hear the EDC every day carry section 
a very brave black man, going to Russia at this time 
goddamn it i sound like a moron but i really wish there were more docs with dubbed audio rather than subs - simply because i listen to docs while i work and exercise
This is just anti Russia propaganda. The same shit happens in most countries. Nothing new.
Part 2 is pretty interesting, especially when you start thinking about the huge pool of talented homosexual who will move to america or more open countries. 

Thx Russia i guess.
Anyone else find it strange that the girl in the photo shoot was holding an MP 40 instead of maybe a more appropriate PPSh-41?
He was getting angry at the Russian nationalists because they were exploiting him for their own cause, which the black dude didn't agree with.  the black dude was exploiting the russian nationalists for his own cause, which the russian nationalists didn't agree with.

My judgement -  These guys are all gay and should just bang and make up
A man's duty is to protect his family and his nation.

EDIT: seems people don't like protecting their families and nations ITT
Seen all three in a row. 

Even though the presenter is biased he is clearly conducting his interviews in a formal matter. Really like it. And its presenting the idealized russian culture in a highlighting manner. 

Sumarum. These humans exists in every country. 
Disgusting chavs. 
I'm not familiar with the different BBC networks. Is BBC3 known for producing material that is kind of overblown and talk show-esque? It was difficult for me to get over the host constantly laughing at the people he was interviewing. 
Watching this made me uncomfortable even as a white person
The target for this documentary may be the hand-wingers, but he inadvertently makes a pretty strong case for the Russian perspective. 
Don't they have Antifa and the like in Russia? 
What silly propaganda. The british in particular have been pumping out anti-russian propaganda like hotcakes.
Aww, where are all the idiotic Russia bandwagoners now?

Edit: Downvotes already, how adorable. They stay silent when they know they're wrong.
Shit host
the host is an idiot.
Why is it that in every program that highlights nationalism/racism they always choose the most effeminate reporter for these types of shows.  
They've got problems but this culture will live on long after the west is overrun with human filth
Fuck yeah. That's what we need in our country is some Russian "refugees". Fuck Muslims. These people are proud of the country. America just doesn't seem to care anymore. 
I couldn't decide what was the most awesome part, Buckley's aggressive come backs, Gore's demolishing calm rationale, their clarity of subject or the sheer intensity of nerd animosity. My favorite Buckley comeback : 

Man: Why don't I ever see you standing when you are debating, can't you think on your feet ?

Buckley: It’s very hard  to stand up (**pause**) carrying the weight of what I know. 
I watched this on a recent flight and thoroughly enjoyed it. It would be great to have proper intellectuals on TV again, even if just for the moments when they lose it and get a bit shouty. Christopher Hitchens was a great example (he even mentions the debates in [this](http://www.prospectmagazine.co.uk/magazine/what-is-a-public-intellectual) article)
This is my cousin's documentary. He also did 20 Feet From Stardom, which won the Oscar for Best Documentary a couple years ago. I suggest you check out his entire filmography.  Morgan has done a wonderful job at capturing Americana from the famous, the rugged, the unknown, and the powerful. He currently has two other documentaries out, one on Keith Richards and one on Chelsea Handler. I wonder if r/documentaries would want to do an AMA with Morgan. 
Also legendary: [Buckley debating Chomsky](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gsFb0uSG5w).
THANK YOU. I missed catching it in theatres and have been dying to watch it. You're my favorite person today (so far)
Not a head-to-head debate, but this James Baldwin vs. WF Buckley is incredible. Baldwin was a helluva writer and speaker.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFeoS41xe7w
I really love old white intellectuals, (and black intellectuals influenced by European traditions), and I really consider it part of my cultural identity. I also think the arrogant self-centered attitude of these old elites that has influenced a lot of the shallow contrarian, skeptical, prescriptive culture on the internet. I really liked this doc because it clearly respects both Buckley and Gore but doesn't (as much) project an underlying assumption that because they spoke well, and with a confident authority, that their arguments were superior. I think people get seduced by the attitude and language of these guys. I know I did when I first started reading them. But they're talking about such broad things, such diffuse and complicated cultural matters, that their confidence in their own opinions is really ludicrous, and mostly theatre. 

I find their style of argument deeply satisfying, but I try to keep it in perspective. If you let them, these men will let you think they have some extraordinary knowledge of the world. 

Putting their debate in the context of punditry is really doing a service to the reality behind the rhetoric. I'm really glad I watched this.
Excellent, highly recommend. Punchline is great and as they say "still very much relevant"

-This comment is best enjoyed read in William F. Buckley Jr.'s voice
I was so excited when I first heard about this, but I really found it underwhelming.
I loved watching them when I was 12. Weird kid, I know. Their conversations were so....elegant. Brilliant people, could kill with words. 

Thanks for posting this, OP. 
What a shitty site, their anti-ad blocking is almost as much of a pain in the ass as their shitty ads. Not visiting ever again.
Bill Buckley was not just a "conservative" pundit.  He was the epitomy of the CIA's mockingbird, heavily involved in the formation of what we know today as Neoconservatism and a person who helped forge the direction for "New American Century".

Bill Buckley was a member of the Skull and Bones Society and worked for the CIA directly under E Howard Hunt (who admitted on his deathbed to being part of a conspiracy to assassinate JFK).   "Coincidentally", [George de Mohrenschildt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_de_Mohrenschildt)- who believed he may have been an unwitting CIA handler for Lee Harvey Oswalt, worked for Buckley's family at Pantepec Oil.  Also "coincidentally", Oswalt attempted to assassinate [General Edwin Walker](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin_Walker), a vocal and potentially powerful member of the John Birch Society, a paleoconservative group which proposed that there was a grand conspiracy to create a world government. "Coincidentally", Buckley infiltrated and tore down the JBS by removing his own and Goldwater's support for Welch and labeling them as "removed from reality"/ tinfoil hatted".

&gt; [T]here is a group WITHIN the Council of Foreign Relations which belongs to a secret society, sworn to secrecy, and which more or less controls the CFR. CFR meetings are used for their own purposes, i.e., to push out ideas, to weigh up people who might be useful, to use meetings as a forum for discussion.

&gt; These members are in The Order. Their membership in The Order can be proven. Their meetings can be proven. Their objectives are plainly unconstitutional. And this ORDER has existed for 150 years in the United States. 

&gt; THOSE on the inside know it as The Order. Others have known it for more than 150 years as Chapter 322 of a German secret society. More formally for legal purposes, The Order was incorporated as The Russell Trust in 1856. It was also once known as the "Brotherhood of Death." Those who make light of it, or want to make fun of it, call it "Skull &amp; Bones," or just plain "Bones." 

- Hoover Institution Historian Anthony C Sutton

As with many members of "The Order", it's a family affair, and family members move in and "out" of the CIA.  His son Christopher Buckley, also a member of The Order, worked as chief speech writer for George HW Bush, and married the daughter of [Don Gregg] CIA station chief known for his role in Iran Contra.
Buckley is the last "conservative intellectual" that I respected and frankly, liked as a human being.

At least he had an intellectual underpinning of his positions.   Which is far more than one could say about conservative pundits and politicians today.
Plus, Buckley wrote some really fucking great dime-store spy novels.
Oh great! I kept trying to get to the theatre to see this when it was out and never could find anyone to go with me. Thanks for posting
Wtf that's my name but the last has lin instead  of ley
Saw this a few days ago knowing little to nothing about either of them. This was a fun docu.
This was delightful, thank you
I have heard that intro song somewhere in another documentary.  Can anyone help me pinpoint it?
It is not difficult to win a debate against Buckley. Buckley was a CIA plant in the media so he was very often (mostly) promoting counter-productive and dishonest positions through manipulation and disinformation.  Many old conservatives (rare breed today) consider Buckley to be a greater enemy than their politically liberal adversaries.

Remember the fundamental rule: once CIA, always CIA.
Actually, Gore Vidal has become a LOT more conservative in the last 20 years, since he recognized the Kennedy's had some limits and problems.

His United States Essays are among the best many have ever written in the last 50 years, and often, still, in their deep wisdom, apply today.
Based on the title I like to imagine this is just about Bill going around the world having melt downs 
I can't wait for the oil companies to sue us for climate change legislation using the TPP... Who am I kidding there won't be any legislation. 
Great documentary, the Arnie and Bill Nye combo was unexpected but [glorious.](http://i258.photobucket.com/albums/hh253/jimifunguzz/Bill-Nye-speed-of-light-diaryofasupervillain-tumblr.gif~original)
Inertia is a property of matter.
There's nothing worse than someone pretending to smoke , its almost as misleading as the images of smokestacks that are actually emitting steam. I realize you want to change hearts and minds but be careful of the imagery , just the facts please , just the facts.
It was good, the format worked out. Too bad he only talked about walking, cycling and solar panels but not about [cutting down on our meat-based diets](http://www.cowspiracy.com/).
Awesome documentary, but that one dude who said we're all dead by 2030 was certainly crazy on the other end of the spectrum. All the climate deniers are pretty nuts too, but there's crazies on both ends as this guy has proven.
BILL BILL BILL BILL
In this documentary millionaire media personalities fly around the world in airplanes and helicopters, say they haven't achieved enough in their lifes, smoke cigars and drive luxury teslas.
Just what I needed with my dinner. Thanks a lot. Funny and yet very serious
Florida has gone Republican for most of the last 50 years.  It will be nice to lose that swing state.  Something always bothered me about a place like florida being so important in american politics.

so fitting that it will be the sacrifice that will (hopefully) sound the alarm bell and lead to some real action.
To the frontpage!
They missed the big point that Guy Mcpherson makes and didn't go into detail, there's snough methane trapped to go into 6° in a decade or so, that methane MUST remain there, one way or the other, if we need to trigger stratovolcanoes then so be it.
Bill Nye is an amazing person fighting on the frontier, battling human ignorance. All power to you sir Nye.
I wonder if Arnie feels guilty for his input in climate change, what with all them explosions in his movies and what not 
"I cant imagine there will be humans left by the year 2030."

Fucking bullshit. Things are not even close to being this dire. This kind of fucking doomsday, alarmist, rhetoric does nothing to champion your cause, and everything to retard its progress.

Just like the retard spewing out that stupid, fucking, moronic, line.
It's so cute, he's pretending to be a scientist!
/r/cringe? 

This "documentary" is as laughable as the "inconvenient truth" and "2012" bullshits.

So the world is going to end in 2030?

Jesus fucking christ, idiot hollywood celebrity trash has to push fear onto the unwashed masses to control them.

How much environmental damage did they produce to fly him all over the country to make this silly garbage? 

How many hummers and tanks does ahhhhhnold have?

These people account for 100000X the environment damage and footprint as the average african and they have the gall to whine about climate change? 
Bill Nye is not a scientist, he is a clown. Stop promoting him.
Anyone notice Matt Damon arresting that activist at like 15:34
Bill Nye-douchebag guy.
Whatever you think about climate change, this shit is some really dumb propaganda aimed at the lowest common denominator. 
No such thing as climate change !!!!
Human population rises from 2 billion to 8 billion in 50 years.  During that same timeframe, the wildlife population decreases by 40%.  Not a coincidence, folks.  Sometimes correlation *does* equal causation.

Humans have not proven that we can change our behavior on a wide enough scale to stop this.  Poaching, pollution, factory farming and all the rest will only increase as more nations become like the West.  Having a small family of 2, 1, or preferably 0 kids is the single most important thing you can do for the environment and other species.  
Watched this last night and I thought it was good. Showed a strong message that we need to wake up and realize what's going on. Some scenes were just heart breaking, crazy what some people will do for money. The ending with the song was amazing too, made me tear up a little bit. Life is so precious and we are losing species left and right. We need to change something!
Where can I watch this? I saw no link.
Someone stop him! We can't let this man continue to eradicate species. Who does this Louie Psihoyos think he is? 
I only got to catch glimpses of this at work last night. What I saw still hit me really hard. 
This doc is so important, and definitely moved me to tears at some points, however it definitely wasn't as memorable for me as The Cove. Anyone else think so?
The whole evil peasant vibe I got was bit much. 

I guess OP saw the gif...
It wasn't bad, not BBC level though. My only problem with it was that a lot of the species going extinct quicker due to human activity would have most likely gone extinct anyway we're just helping a little. Sure there is something beautiful to be said about the micro environment of slightly different frogs that kicked the bucket when the 1 acre of rain forest they lived on was removed but they're not crucial to the food chain. 

Don't get me wrong, I thought they had some excellent points, especially about converting hunting villages to tourist villages and educating the locals about preserving and improving their way of life through conservation methods. 

Human activity is definitely playing a major part in the evolution of species, but doesn't that just mean we are part of the evolutionary order of the planet? Makes sense that if you add 9 billion high order mammals to the planet many smaller species would have to go.
It definitely won't ever be a mainstream sport, but that doesn't mean I don't want to fly one  
it's RC plane racing, it will never come close to being a big sport
&gt;...this sport will be big.

The unnecessary tidbit in the title is drawing a lot of negativity, but I can't disagree with the naysayers. It's just not fun to watch and I'm saying that as someone that was pretty deep into RC truck/buggy racing.
This will be the future.. They said the same thing about XFL 
Does anyone know the best place to start for a newbie? I'd love to try this but don't have crazy money to invest.
I can't stand the way these hobbyist aircraft are called by the same name as the weapons of war. 

Actually, people have been racing radio controlled model airplanes for many decades. 
How much can one expect to get into racing actualy decent drones? Buying a drone and a First person head set? Like how much would a pretty legit starter set up be?
Coming soon to /r/theocho 
"This looked so good, this looked like pod racing..."

Well shit. Way to make me uninterested in something with one sentence.
What, maybe Robot Wars big? They should get Craig Charles to host it.
This will be as big as slot car racing!!!!
I see this getting big on larger scale drones. Companies sponsoring 200-400 lb gas powered quadrocoptors on F1 sized tracks. Millions of dollars in company sponsored teams building hot-blooded racing monsters. Just like any other kind of racing, but without a human pilot so there's a lot more room for recklessness. Think of the crashes!
i'd be too worried about my immediate surroundings to spend a lot of time w that headgear on
dont care if it will be big or not, i think its pretty cool. 
might buy that 28 bux one when i get a HMD.
Surely I can't be the only one that finds the rolls they do pointless?
It doesn't look exciting to watch but I'd love to try it.
Where can i get one with  camera and those spwciall glasses
Anyone know where you can get a set up like that?
We need to put guns on them.  Either laser or paintball.  

Get a huge area maybe partially wooded, and make targets... Dogfights.  Capture the flag.  

That I would watch.
Don't you mean this sport is going to take off? 
this video made me homesick for San Diego
This looks awesome but I don't know why they're calling it a sport and comparing it to things like the games.﻿
Reminds me of the robot race track in Fallout 4
It may get big once you include standard HMD or VR headsets and perfected controls for telepresence.
These guys are slightly deluded. This is probably insanely fun as a hobby but nobody will watch this.
Can a sport that's really boring in person but really exciting to watch streaming "be big?"
Can't wait to start seeing FPV trick shot/skill demo videos. 
This is definitely going to catch on as its keeping in time with the latest technology.. but  does it class as being a sport considering all other sports require you to physically be there doing it?
I want them to add weapons and have a huge air battle. Now I'd watch that.
"it could rival x games next year" lol looks cool i want to make my own to fuck around with it but i dunno
Sport: an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment

2 out of 3 I guess. 

I think this has potential for some serious TV spotlight. Just think about it. Think about the exotic tracks they could put these drones on, combined with live broadcasting from the drone, it could take viewers almost anywhere in the world in a first person live action scenario. Just imagine a bunch of boats loosely anchored in the bay by the Statue of Liberty. The boats have obstacles to fly through attached to rods hanging up in the air. Imagine a drone weaving in and out of the holes in the Statue's crown, and then dive bombing towards the sea until abruptly changing directions towards another obstacle to fly through that's like 9 feet above the water. Maybe introduce a portion that requires you to fly super low to the water, and if it was windy the waves could splash up and knock you down. The course is all over water so if you hit something, RIP. Wow, I am getting all sweaty just thinking about it. 

edit: My girlfriend just asked me if I had been watching "Cops"
I think we all can agree that the idea of the "worker" is fucked in the future.

Every time videos like this get put up - ideas like basic income and following the German/European work-type get shot down, so what do then? Has there been any consensus on what a generation should do if work is no longer an option(or our idea of work, I should say)?
Narrator?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15_-cKwNWDA
This doc. looked interesting enough, but you lost me as soon as "weird lispy New Yorker accent" came out, at roughly 4:00.  

The substance is good and interesting.  But 37 pieces of flair is a bit much for presentation.  
I think this video bases a lot of it's arguments on specious assumptions or unfounded/inaccurate information. 

For example:... 

* The chart showing how many days/hours different countries give for Vacation/Sick time.. with the USA measured at "0".... is complete bullshit. There's a wide variety of jobs across the USA.. and a wide variety of different employment statuses (interns, temporary, hourly, contractual, classified, Salary,etc) that all have different benefits/vacation/sick-leave/child-birthing,etc. To present a chart that seems to imply that **EVERYONE** in the USA has "0" vacation/sick leave.. is demonstrably misleading. 

* Claims about how "Europe does it differently" (w/ special focus on Germany).. I find to also be pretty misleading. There's a whole diverse list of variables (economic, social, cultural, historical,etc) that influence things like unemployment. 

* Statements like "People will just become useless" smacks me to be really insulting (and incorrect). There have been all sorts of real-world examples across the USA where people facing bad situations (example: Detroit) have sparked new businesses or co-ops or innovative neighborhood services. (IE = just because automation/robots take your job -- doesn't mean you're "useless" and destined to be a dirty homeless no-good for the rest of your life.) People jump to quickly to short term dystopian outcomes.. and don't have enough faith in the creative spirit of humanity. Look at all the budding businesses on places like Etsy.com or Tindie or grassroots services like Uber or other delivery services. There's plenty of opportunity/potential out there instead of just giving up and saying "Welp.. I'm "useless" now." ... 
See also: The Newburgh Sting. The FBI is setting people up via bullshit informants so they can make high profile terrorism arrests. Shits fucked up yo
They screened this doc at my college and it was very interesting.  It really breaks down how the FBI uses its informants and what happens to the people they inform upon.  I'd say it's definitely worth a viewing.
and where exactly can you find this?
there was a recent this american life episode that excerpted from this, sounds like a crazy story
Awesome. Thank you for this trailer..
I actually had a chance to watch this a few weeks ago at the IFC center in Manhattan, where the filmmakers performed a Q&amp;A afterwards. it was all the more interesting given that one of the directors, Lyric, was a personal friend of the informant, Saeed, for years before discovering he was an FBI informant.

**Spoiler:** at some point in the film, the directors start filming and interviewing the suspect in the investigation. neither the suspect or the informant know that the other is being filmed. They screened the film for all parties involved before releasing it. My question at the screening was what was Saeed's reaction when he saw that they had gone and done this. "His eyebrows went up about a full inch." At first he was concerned that they were the reason his investigation had been compromised, but he was then pleased to learn not only had they not exposed him, but he also found out how the suspect *did* learn his identity. 
Well that felt tense. Good trailer, and definitely going to see this.
 I wish I could understand what the guy on the recording is saying at the beginning of the video.  This does look interesting though and I would like to see how things turn out if he really didnt tell the FBI about the camera crew
omg that high pitch frequency 
What happens?

Many FBI agents ...died... to bring us this information.
anyone have a streaming link for this?
Been trying to find a release date for ages on this. Hope it makes it to VOD/iTunes soon.
Articles with some information on this topic :

* [The FBI Creates, Then "Foils" Terror Plots - False Flags Exposed By Judge Napolitano](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QynchCojTzM)

* [Terrorist Plots, Hatched by the F.B.I. - New York Times (2012)](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/29/opinion/sunday/terrorist-plots-helped-along-by-the-fbi.html?_r=0)

* [Government agents 'directly involved' in most high-profile US terror plots - The Guardian (2014)](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/21/government-agents-directly-involved-us-terror-plots-report)

* [Is Matt DeHart Being Prosecuted Because FBI Investigated CIA for the Anthrax Leak?](https://www.emptywheel.net/2015/03/20/is-matt-dehart-being-prosecuted-because-fbi-investigated-cia-for-the-anthrax-leak/)

&gt;Though the attacks were officially blamed on a government scientist who committed suicide after he was identified as a suspect, Matt says the documents on the Shell tell a far different story. It had already been revealed that the U.S. Army produced the Ames strain of anthrax — the same strain used in the Amerithrax attacks — at the Dugway Proving Ground in Utah. But the report built the case that the CIA was behind the attacks as part of an operation to fuel public terror and build support for the Iraq War.

EDIT:
[Why Does the FBI Have to Manufacture its Own Plots if Terrorism and ISIS Are Such Grave Threats? - The Intercept (2015)](https://theintercept.com/2015/02/26/fbi-manufacture-plots-terrorism-isis-grave-threats/)
&gt;They end up sending young people to prison for decades for “crimes” which even their sentencing judges acknowledge they never would have seriously considered, let alone committed, in the absence of FBI trickery. It’s hard to imagine anyone thinking this is a justifiable tactic, but I’m certain there are people who believe that. Let’s leave that question to the side for the moment in favor of a different issue.
Fucking trailers need banned.
These are all good docs. Especially interesting was the one on tobacco, which concluded that nicotine is a "good drug with a bad delivery system". 
I just finished reading Food of the Gods, which covered a lot of the same stuff. Good read for anyone interested.
British empire waged wars against China because they could not keep selling their opium and making more Chinese addicted. Current cartel drug dealers precedent

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opium_Wars
Addiction is an attempt to escape the present.. the only moment that can exist.

[Eckhart tolle gives a good/short talk on "hitting rock bottom" here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_G31YW1ecX0)

I want to know how we can get the cows, monkey and other "lower" primates, and raccoons that eat fermenting apples and then return to find more so they can reach the same feeling, out of the wild and into some sort of animal kennels. Do not even get me started on the one's who have figured out that some mushrooms alternate their awareness.
What about coffee?
They forgot caffeine. 
Yeah, we are addicted to sugar. Ur being the substance THAT POWERS THE HUMAN BODY. 

Cretin. 
This is one of the best docs I've ever seen.  Found footage shot by grunt soldiers.  I have been looking for an online copy of this for ever!  Good find OP.

Edit: Seriously though, you will not find another WW2 doc like this one.  A rare front line German soldier POV. It deserves a much higher [IMDB score of 7.5](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107547/)  A humble ask for upvotes on this one.
I didn't know this existed. I will definitely check it out.
The thing that struck me as so incredibly weird is that soldier's parents could simply get on a train and visit their children at the front.
Mein Krieg directly translates to My War, not my private war.
I really wanted to see more. I am only sad that there wasn't more. I've seen a lot of documentaries and its amazing to note the difference in the German soldiers' views on what they did in the war depending on where they fought, in the east or west. Soldiers that fought in the east didn't carry the weight nearly as much.
thanks OP, post more, this was great
Man those Germans sure were snappy dressers.

Great doc thank you!
"My private war", surely its supposed to say just "my war".
Mi Krab? 
For a secretive country, it's astounding how many documentaries are shot inside it.
Try this on on the same subject with more footage of life in N. Korea. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wklRc1t-dtU
Great, *another* North Korea documentary that basically says the same thing as every other North Korean documentary, portraying the inhabitants as if they were animals at the zoo.
Bad documentary. If you want a real good look at inside North Korea watch the documentary "Denis Rodman's Big Bang in Pyongyang"


"in 3 years time none of the officials who walked besides his father coffin was alive and in a high level position."

good to hear he lets some officials life and just demotes them to custodian work.
Seriosuly, how many "Inside" looks can we get before it loses its click bait appeal? 

7, the answer is 7
Right, North Korea staged a cyber attack on Sony. YAWN
Aww not working.. I wanted to watch another doc about Bernie's utopia...
works fine, blows my mind that this country still exists. It should be taken over and dedicated as a memorial for all the lost and tortured koreans.
This video is unavailable :(
Yeah, because we want North Korea as a territory so bad. Fucking nation of insects.
Were the Maasai the same group who donated cattle to the USA after 9/11. I read that on reddit so don't quote me on it. (I don't have time to watch the documentary so sorry).
IIRC the Maasai love the color red. My friend gave them a red sox hat and the guy was estatic. Nice to see red is also their color of choice for the snow
I wish I could've seen them back at home telling stories of their snowy adventure in Moscow.
Great post! I love "culture shock" tourism stories, when unlikely people travel to some completely new world, and give their impressions. It usually takes an outsider to complete the picture of your own culture. 
Love the bit in the art gallery.  'Their weapons are very similar to ours, look ' - gets his machete out that he had tucked in his pants. 
Is there a worse website than that? All I got was ads and it was slow as fuck on my phone. Never would play anything but ads.
Buffering? Ads? Here is the same video on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTcl0jCkZxk)
I had never considered Kenya as a place I could live in, but now after seeing Moscow...
the maasai speak better english than the russian reporter 
Cool. I've always wondered what it would be like to observe a bunch of folks from Africa experiencing the snowy north for the first time. It would be like going to an alien landscape. 
Their visit was carefully orchestrated at great expense by the Kremlin, the roads cleared of drunks and Ladas
[deleted]
That was really fun to watch 
Does anyone have more culture shock type documentaries like this? I'd love to see a group like this exposed to somewhere like NY for the first time!
Wow.  I don't know what I expected, but that was short, sweet, and totally heartwarming.  I was smiling just about the whole way through.  
Thanks, that was the best thing I have watched in a long time.
FBI: we can't stop real terrorists, but we can definitely pay off poor people to role play for us!
Guys, pay attention to what REALLY happened, the FBI guy was the one who armed the bombs and planned the whole thing. I do believe the guys accused here were trying to scam the FBI guy for the money. Even in the recordings they showed, they ask questions like "will the plane be empty?", "what if there's a cleaner there?", and say something like "we would be aiming for monetary damage, right? not hurting people?"

I do believe the guys were just too naive and plain old stupid to realize how idiotic the whole thing was. And, based on the videos provided by the FBI... they look as radical and hard as a butter stick under the dessert heat.  
The FBI is a terrorist organization.
These men aren't terrorists, they're victims of circumstance and FBI manipulation. Stick any "decent" human in a situation like this and you see how things change a person. One of the guys wanted the money to save his brother. It's sick to me that people have no empathy for others like this. Privileged Redditors posting here saying they deserved it, or that they were mentally ill don't understand what poverty is like. Humans under extreme circumstances, like poverty, start doing things they're not proud of just to survive. Even you and I would do things like this under the right upbringing and situations we find ourselves in. Thinking like this is the reason the FBI did this, to keep you living in fear and thinking the poor deserve it. Shame on you. Empathy is like a muscle, flex it. 
I work in Newburgh. It's a strange place, has some of the richest and poorest citizens in the county. It's a depressed city that the FBI completely took advantage of for positive PR. 
LOL the guy in the beginning, the informant, Shad Hussein or whatever, he is the same mother fucker in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLl9LxSuHVs .. fuckin hell, they just love to reuse this guy
I highly recommend this as well as a little light reading:

https://books.google.com/books/about/The_Terror_Factory.html?id=r6uduAAACAAJ&amp;hl=en

The Terror Factory: Inside the FBI's Manufactured War on Terrorism

Book by Trevor Aaronson
Great doc!
If I had seen this on the news, I likely would have been swayed to think they were terrorists. How could I know otherwise? Makes me wonder about all the things popping up in the news today. 
Lazy, thug police work by the FBI. They'll do anything to play the part of "Protector" aside from actually doing the job. A quick search showed me that this happens more often than I would have thought.
at 43:33, that burn from dad, sheesh hahah
They're the FBI, not hypnotists or The Mentalist.  If someone is trying to "radicalize" you, say no, or call the police, if the police won't help, contact a news agency.  If you decide to just go along with them at any phase... you're the asshole. 

These men were "coaxed" into attempted mass murder... for 250,000 dollars.  They agreed to plant bombs in public places for that amount of money.  Despite the FBIs strange and rather unethical methods,  these men are not innocent by any stretch.  Would YOU commit mass murder for 250k?  I wouldn't. In fact, id call and report them to the police, the FBI, or fucking Fox news if I had to.  Instead these dudes said yes.  The grey area is not as big as this doc tries to portray.

EDIT:  Yes, yes... mentally ill and poor, I know.  Do any of you know WHAT the mental illness was?  No.  We don't, we were never told.  Keep in mind, ADHD, depression, social anxiety disorder... all considered mental illness.  Are any of those an excuse to avoid prosecution for attempted mass murder? No. The term "mentally ill" should not be allowed in this conversation until we know exactly what their mental illness is, and if it turns out it is something wholly debilitating and is an excuse for them not knowing right from wrong, I will change my tune, but with the evidence we have to view, there is no way to know that.  Throwing out the "mentally ill" card is a joke if you cannot say what the mental illness is.  The focus should be on how this was a waste of taxpayer money and FBI time, not on portraying these guys as innocent, unless some more specific details on their mental handicap that made them willing to kill were to come to light, but they haven't to my knowledge, and so they still belong in jail regardless of the FBI's faulty methodology.
All terrorism is America's fault. Shame be upon them.
The movie is basically a fan telling you why he loves Calvin and Hobbes. Bill Watterson had no part and nothing to do with it. Watch the documentary "Stripped." He gives a ten minute speech and it's beautiful. 
This movie is frustratingly poor.
What a terrible title.
ugh, that vignette
Definitely one of the best comic strips ever. I regret that I discovered it only about a year before its demise. 

I've been reading comics in the newspaper since about 1953. A couple others that I consider among the best:

- Smoky Stover -- is a fireman. The strips were loaded with strange and bizarre "props", such as the fire chief's car with two wheels, side by side... chairs shaped like human hands. A weird cigar hanger mechanism that Smoky wore on his helmet, which he wore backwards, which had a hinged bill, and a hole to hold a cigar, when he wasn't using the mechanism. Lots of things decorated with the word "foo" written all over them. Signs of unknown meaning, or twisted words, like "Few Men Chew", and "Notary Sojac", and "Scram -- Gravy ain't wavy". It was weird. 

The Katzenjammer kids -- the originator got screwed by a newspaper that hired him to draw the strip. His contract gave the newspaper creative rights to the characters, so they fired him and hired someone else to draw the same strip under the name "The Captain and the Kids". It takes a near expert to tell the difference between the two, if the name isn't apparent. I guess either/both have also been billed as "Katz Kids".  It's about a couple of young brothers, who play pranks on their father. The pranks always backfire. Usually, more than once. The captain will get wind of their prank, but not fully understand it, so he'll devise a counter-prank, which backfires on him, causing much mayhem. The strips always ended with them howling under a spanking. 
Really wanted to see this, but there's a stupid flare effect overlay that was too distracting and ruined it for me. 
Well done. I could have lived without the narrator making it about him in the beginning though. We don't care about his room or favorite comic. But there were some very touching moments here.
**I just realized it's missing the first 4 minutes and the last few seconds....sorry!** 

The last few seconds that it cuts out on says "and with those last final three words that almost every fan can recite, so many new adventures will begin."

Found and alternate link on youtube: [here](https://youtu.be/I7LFVhCaobk)
Bill and Gary both need to stop being stingy with their work and let the internet embrace it. It only makes them look like dinosaurs unwilling to change with the times, and that's sad for two of the most revolutionary and copied strips in comic history. This whole "I don't want my shit out anywhere but in the strips" business is tarnishing their legacy and keeping them from a newer audience."
I need sub-titles. Am I missing something? I dont see how to turn them on.
English version coming soon. "It's scheduled to air on Showtime on Thursday, December 10 at 9 p.m., EST." Source: http://pitchfork.com/news/62293-daft-punk-documentary-daft-punk-unchained-gets-a-us-release-date/
Please bring me Alive2017
Does anybody have a streaming link?
Episodes:

    Amazonas
    Ex-CCCP
    West Africa
    Felix Arabia
    Nippon
    Hindustan
    China
    Papua Niugini
    Philippines
    Southeast Asia - Burma, Thailand &amp; Vietnam

First two season which are spoken in Finnish are much better than season three. 
Are we not talking about how the dude got a $10,000 diamond implanted in his arm? That looked insanely painful, he's a bit of a badass if I do say so myself.
It's a really great documentary series really. In Finland the most usual travel destinations are the biggest tourist spots (thailand, greece, spain etc.) and these two kind of try to break the prejudiced opinions of most finns about non tourist destinations. Most finns think it's "too dangerous" to travel to less-known places.
Other than that it's overall good with very informative episodes and great scenes.
"We learned we can't control the world and that urge to control breeds fear."  
FUCK YES!I HAVE HAD SO MUCH TROUBLE FINDING THESE

My pizza that I ordered came right as he started eating the monkey brains......

Tori. Tapaaminen.
Interesting

EDIT: Some subtitles would be nice
What did that lady put under his skin at [12:10](https://youtu.be/N1t2Mhwhi3I?list=PLjcRiMWya6zv3UlZVQ_RFruQNd5g_xej1&amp;t=730)???
Neat.
I wish the first two seasons were subtitled in English. I love these two guys. They have shown me a different world.
Love the premise, hate the delivery.  I get it, you are some wild and crazy guys.
m'adventures
Ei nää ymmärrä Madventuresia :D
As someone who has lived a hand to mouth travelers life I absolutely hate these documentaries. Die in silence, diseased creature. 
One of the best documentaries I've seen. Cannot believe the human sacrifice that played such a huge part in ensuring that the rest of Europe did not suffer from a nuclear fallout. A lot of details regarding this human sacrifice were covered up by the government and many believe that this disaster was the beginning of the collapse of the USSR
I was interested to see what happened with the Second Sarcophagus. Well [it's not finished yet](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chernobyl_New_Safe_Confinement). It is supposed to be finished at the end of 2017 and expected to cost 3 billion dollars.
Wow just finished watching this. Thanks for posting it. I knew the event at Chernobyl was bad, but I had no idea how catastrophic it would have been if it got into the water. 

Really shows the bigger picture that many other documentaries seem to miss.
Great documentary.


Great documentary, also very objective, which seems pretty surprising given the actions of the ussr leaders at the time.  
There are no reports or studies or even just acknowledgement about the millions of people who were irradiated across Europe, even tho the ussr political leaders know EXACTLY how horrific the nuclear event was.  
The whole European population was ordered out to the May1 celebrations, while the leaders knowing full well the risks involved said nothing.  
Only days after that the first reports arrived about a moderate accident -with almost no mention of lives lost-, with completely bogus claims about how minor the irradiation was.  
People were out in the open, eating and drinking, iodine pills weren't given out -even after they've admitted the accident-, because that's what the value of human life was in the soviet union: a big fcuking ZERO.

They've lied to everyone, with the exclusion of the higher military leaders, even to the whole military. Workers were funneled into the area for months working under inhumane conditions with absolutely no knowledge about the risks involved.  
Produce across the contaminated eu regions weren't pulled from the shelfs, no cleanup or health risk prevention was ever commissioned.

I've tried googleing the documentary about the effect of the disaster on human health, especially of child birth defects, there is a museum about it, where they keep conserved fetuses in jars, as documentation of the effects. It might have been a VICE piece, not sure.
This was far more interesting than I expected it to be.  I had no idea how serious the event actually was, how much denial played a part in it, and how many lives were affected by this. I would say this one is definitely worth the watch.
Everything seems to be rare these days. I hate the rise of clickbait.
One of the first rated R movies I ever saw.  "I'd buy that for a dollar!"
Fantastic documentary, thank you.  Amazing film.  Too bad the sequels were such crap.
Just a little popcorn doc but you really feel the vibe of these guys. Great performance by all. 
"Gravy on the cake. Gravy on the cake?" Ray Wise is awesome.
As a Twin Peaks fan and as a Robocop fan, I could watch Ray Wise and Kurtwood Smith talk about this shit all day. Thanks for posting!
Clarence Boddicker deserves to be on any list of all-time greatest movie villans. It's hard to pull of the bad guy who really enjoys his work, and Kurtwood Smith did it with apparent glee.
This was really an outstanding short. You should xpost it to /r/movies and reap the sweet, sweet karma. 
I wish they'd interviewed Emil, especially about the fantastic scene where he gets melted. 
Directive 4: Friendship
"Thank you bitches!!"
Damn hilarious. You gotta watch that video end, at least about 30 seconds before and up to the end. Man that was funny.
"Go, stay, no. Go bitches!!"
.."and the bitches didn't, they didn't seem to have a problem with it at all." Too good. **EDIT-Watch @14:00, it is not in the very last part, sorry.**
Every once in a while.. very rarely actually... movie magic happens. RoboCop was one of those movies. Everyone did an outstanding job and when it was all done it was far more than the sum of it's parts.﻿
Robocop = bestest movie ever!
"Does it hurt? Does it hurt?" "I took her out. HahaHa!"

Not one of the more memorable lines of the movie but those are the ones that pop into my head first when I think Robocop. 
I like how the actors made their own look. 
You... You burnt the fuckin money!!
I fucking LOVE those 80s baddies. 
Get that extra 300-400 dollars LoL.
An extra 3 or 400 dollars for taking some debris to the face and nearly catching on fire. Awesome.
The boardroom scenes in Robocop were wonderful.  Having worked for some defense contractors, I can assure you that the real boardrooms of defense contractos are almost this vicious, greedy, and corrupt as depicted in Robocop.  Those guys could care less about quality or reliability, it is all about money and power.

This is an amazing movie.
The documentary and the ACTUAL movie.


First guy they show reminds me of Phil Hartman.

"Explosions are memorable to me"
Am I missing something? The site says October 8th, 2013. The title here says 2015. 
[Reggie Ray stays in the game, god dammit.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMgTC37zorI)
It doesn't take a rocket surgeon to figure out bouncing your brain off the inside of your skull thousands of times for many years damages it. I don't get how it took 50 years since the implementation of mandatory helmet rules or even contact sports in general for this to come to light. 
My question is if Football players get concussion and therefore brain injuries later in life, why is this not common in Rugby?  Or is it lesser known? 
Sounds like the NFL wants their hand in this issue so they seem like they care and can tell the story how they want. I'm sure the NFL is depicted very well in this movie. 
I don't follow football but I do mountain bike, and one of the best helmet manufacturers is Troy Lee Designs. I remember a few years ago Troy Lee talking with the NFL or something along those lines and he said he was appalled by how dangerous their helmets were. He offered his services to design and produce a truly safe helmet and I believe the NFL turned him down. I believe he ended up making some helmets for the University of Notre Dame but I could be wrong its been a while since I saw the story so I may be a bit hazy on some of the details; but if its true it's sad that the NFL wouldn't listen to an expert in the field and do something to protect their players that earn them a lot of money. 
What I don't like about the documentary is that it puts everything on the NFL.  The Union and all their professionals pretty much gets a pass.  
the implication of this issue is serious. for the time being there are still plenty of players in the pipeline to keep the NFL going for a while, but the new generation growing up will now know what is truly at stake. would you let your 12 yr old play tackle football knowing they WILL have some brain damage of some kind eventually and it would impact their long term mental health? that is a giant risk to take just to play a game when there are many other sports to play.
I SAID FIX THAT BWAIN
This is from 2013... Just FYI
We're allowed to make choices that damage our health every day. We've known about boxers getting "punchy" for decades yet we still allow it.  You're allowed to smoke cigarettes, you're able to drive a car over the speed limit,  you should be allowed to play a sport even with these chances of injury. You really want to fix the problem, take off face masks. First guy to lead with his head and lose teeth to someone else's knee, won't do it again but you'll have bloody faces that will scare overprotective parents. 
This was good in 2013. 
Are parents still putting their kids in football? 
Bit of an overstatement to call them the 'best kept secret'. There have been heaps of TV shows, movies and books about them. I would even go as far to say they are probably one of the best known military units around the world.

There was a 1950s american TV show called "Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion" sort of an adventure/comedy. In 1998 there was the JCVD film Legionnaire. Bear Grylls did a reality TV show called Escape to the Legion.
Documentary Is a bit outdated, here's a couple more recent ones with videos of their deployments

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hvReZFYqNvQ

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-4j9bgCbfc8


One of the best videos on them are when bear grylls does their basic training with a group of guys who are trying to get into the FFL.

Did not look fun at all
Damn, that was kind of a downer ending. As in, more so than you would think.
My father has a 50ish years old friend that was in the French Foreign Legion and sometimes when we were at the pub he told some of the most crazy/horrific stories i have ever heard in my life. One the comes to mind was when they ambushed a group of militias from a south africa country and killed all of them, they camped for the night somewhere near and in the morning when they got up the corpes were being eaten by baboons... 
Damn Fenchies! 
While traveling in France, I met a Swedish guy on the train to Nice who said he was on his way to join the French Foreign Legion. He had been working on a van service that picked up dead people for transport to the morgue but got burned out. Unskilled and out of options, he decided to just head out with the clothes on his back and the money in his pocket and there he was. He said he was hungry so I gave him my apple; he ate the whole thing except for the stem, which I found rather surprising.
I'm proud of my country and its powerful army ! One of the best in the world with USA, UK and Russia ! Vive la Légion, vive la France !﻿
Surprisingly few have ever heard of them. As an American who served along the regular French at NATO bases i dogged the shit out of them, but i would never be dumb enough to give a Legionnare any shit. 
[deleted]
Great guys from all over, definetly would not do so with the FFL Confirmed with the other responses.
My hands were so sweaty when they were pulling themselves across that cable. 
Toughest men on planet
&gt;The best kept secret in warfare for 180 years.


America should do this with 13 million illegal immigrants(excluding the criminals) before they get their citizenship﻿
Do not, my friends, become addicted to water. It will take hold of you, and you will resent its absence! 
I'm trying to comprehend how someone who is *given* a toilet refuses to use it.  I'm sure it's something they are not used to, but I don't see how you can't easily adapt to shitting in a toilet rather than the side of the road.
&amp;nbsp;

That's like getting the internet for free and saying, never mind, I'm good, don't want it!

don't sh*t where you drink
I believe you have to live there for a few weeks to see whats actually going on. You have to know someone local who is normally situated (not too rich or too poor, but definitely educated), to really get the feel of the place (just make sure they are not too excited and they create a circus for you). I mean if people take cameras on railroads and dirty cities, then fly out with a "documentary", it wont capture the whole thing. Another problem is that when someone does primary research, everyone else quotes it, making it worse. Anyway, imagine a French guy recording a documentary about US love for wine and baguette in South Central or Detroit. By the way most Indians will agree that the dirty parts are dirty but there can be major regional differences. Anyway, I dont need to explain. That can be done by an expert in a book. Even if you understand the issue (at a subconscious level), its not going to get you a higher paying job, or fix your own life in any way. 
RemindMe! 15 years
SPace programme, nuclear weapons etc.
Maybe if the population wasn't 3rd world as fuck
First order of business:  Reduce your birthrate/population.  That goes for all nations, not just India.  (But especially India, which is vastly overpopulated).  
Outsource to India? NFW.
I don't think it will lead to riots. Dehydrated people have no energy.
I usually eat when I watch documentaries. This was not to be one of them.  The first 2 mins grossed me out.  Had to watch it while not eating.
    D E S I G N A T E D
    E
    S
    I
    G
    N
    A
    T
    E
    D
I got a couple ideas. Stop having so many kids. And stop pooping in the water sources. 
They need to quit shitting in the Ganges.  That'll fix most of their problems.
POO IN A LOO
India has been trying to comprehend how someone who is given a toilet rather than the side of the road.
"on his way to submit a job application to a local Blockbuster Video"...dodged that bullet
This is a great documentary, that kids public defender is a hero.
This was a great documentary. The way he makes those detectives look silly....it was art.

"Sucking down another cancer stick I see."
"I always enjoy having one before sex." "I wanted him to know that I was going to, you know, screw him. And I believe I did."
Last words of the Judge:" ...which I believe is the greatest legal justice system in the world...", RIGHT AFTER they nearly butt-fucked this kid out of the rest of his life...
This was such a great documentary... Please watch in its entirety, you will not be disappointed. 
Watching this gave me chills. Hearing the detectives make up such elaborate lies about their interactions with an innocent 15 year old who is sitting right in front of them was terrifying. The public defendants must have given him very detailed instructions to keep calm in the courtroom because I'm 12 years older than the defendant was at that time and I would have gone apeshit in that type of situation.
The defense lawyer was a quite a character. Feel bad for the for kid.  
I'm 9 minutes in and I'm already under the impression that the husband shot his wife and blamed a "black man".. I'll continue and hope I'm incorrect.
This is quite possibly the best documentary I've ever seen. Please watch.
[deleted]
This made me cry like a little bitch. 


This is one of my favourite documentaries, I must have seen it 7 or 8 times now.

If you haven't seen [The Staircase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n061fS38_GA) (aka Death on the Staircase) which is by the same director, I highly recommend it - 6 hours well spent.
&gt; I like to have a cigarette before sex, Because i'm going to screw you

fucking rekt
never talk to the pigs # 1 rule
at the end law suit, the money etc is all fine, but those officers are still out there free, there is no consequence for their actions, how is this the 'he greatest legal justice system in the world'?
Many of us around here hate the legal system in every way, but this reminded me of how smart you must be in order to become a successful lawyer.

I admire this lawyer and the strength of the young man he represented.

In a time of more illumination taking place in terms of corruption, abuse of power and the like -this video restored a bit of my faith in that, there's still some decent people out there who will fight it to the dire end.

I feel like Phillip Seymour Hoffman would've been ideal to play this lawyer in a film.

Great doc, thanks OP. Loved that ending.

That lawyer is an amazing man.
Incredible documentary.  I think this won an Oscar.
Brilliant. One of the best docs I have seen.
I want to watch this
I am really glad I watched this doc. Very well done.
Saved. This looks really good.
Excellent documentary thanks for sharing.
Thanks, this is a good one!
The prosecutors face after the verdict...oh man, that was a precious moment. 
This made me enraged, the lawyer defending the old man is terrible at providing any sort of argument.
Excellent doc!
We just watched this video in class last week. C'mon reddit, don't start re-posting my life. 
This was VERY interesting, thank you for the video. 
I still remember this lake being a passage in my ACT years ago and how it showed the differing views of drilling into it for science vs keeping it untouched. Still interesting to see how it's turned out. 
Finally Revealed!

    youtube date is 2012
Finally revealed!! 3 years later.
Why is this 240p only?!?! Someone have a better link?
[Update for after viewing.](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/russian-scientists-report-new-dna-under-subglacial-lake-vostok/)
wicked fucking good brah, thanks for the post
I went in to this really wanting to watch the documentary, but the audio is just terrible. Hopefully the creator will clean up the audio and repost.
I take the train every day to and from center city, it goes by the stop they showed. All of the dope heads get off and on at Kensington and Somerset, the stop they showed in the film. The guys claiming they are hungry and just need a couple of dollars to get something to eat all get off at Somerset. 
I am enjoying the fact that people have been putting up more of these shorter type documentaries. I don't always have 2 hours to watch some flimsy conspiracy movie, but this was really a good snapshot into this area. 
How about some insight rather than interviewing random assholes on the street. 
The ukulele music is louder than the voice track.
[deleted]
Here's one about heroin and my home City. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIbpt1aDFqM
Worthy subject drowned out by terrible sound. Clean it up!
Creator has potential but as a narrative this docu goes nowhere. He had so many different stories to develop but just kept asking the same question. There was no flow. Also, that guitar./banjo should have been faded out after 2/3 mins max. 
Grew up and lived in Kensington my whole life.  I moved to South Jersey a couple years back.  I went down there not to long ago and it's a fucking war zone down there now.  It wasn't as bad as it is. It's a shame   
I live relatively near here, and I used to ride my bike throw there for work. It's mad shaddy. Leaners, prostitutes, and dealers are all over. I seriously try to stay the fuck outta kenzo. I will say, I never had a problem just riding through. Head down, pedal fast, don't like you gotta enough cash to fuck with.
worked in a restaurant a few years back and one of the line chefs was from kensington. he was a white guy about 26, but wanted to be black so bad, think j-roc from trailer park boys, we called him kenzo and always had track marks 
When I see someone with a neck tattoo, my first though is, "Gee, they must have real secure employment." My next thought is, "No wait, they are probably just really really stupid." 
Cool people put durations in the title. What happened to you /u/WhiteUnicorn? You used to be cool.
one thing is for sure

America's heroin addicts look a hell of a lot healthier and better off than Scotland's heroin addicts 
I'm a white midwestern kid that took an AmeriCorp position in Kensington for a year...

...  It was tragic and eye opening.  I would love to share my personal experiences but don't even know where to begin. 
Heroin capital? Apparently they've never heard of Baltimore.
this guy is a cunt
I used to hang out in Kensington in the 80's. Then it was a lot of crank, and coke, and some great open-all-night nightclubs. Under the ell, Billy's Steakhouse was a crap shoot, filthy place and Billy was a sweaty, greasy bastard, but most the time it was a great cheesesteak, sometimes totally inedible.
[My favorite part](https://youtu.be/teDnF_8WoRc?t=2m28s)

&gt; 'The drug addicts got more class and more respect than the people down in Center City. 'Cause when you down in Center City you got them bumping into you, no excuse you, no nothing. Down here, they got respect man.'

So respect is shooting and robbing...but saying excuse me while you do it.
Worse doc of all time 
Yeah I see the coal-burner in the thumbnail, no thanks. She deserves what ever misery that is her life.
There wasn't any "documenting" going on.  This was a compilation of random footage repeating the exact same message without ever explaining a single aspect of it.

Who are these people?  Are they people who came to Kensington or were they born there?

When did things start to go downhill?

What caused it? -they only allude to it-

What are the crime rates?  Death rates?  OD rates?  Is there a lot of crime?  How is it compared to say, Oakland, L.A. etc?

There isn't the least bit of substance to this.
I thought it was an interesting documentary.  


I think it did a good job of showing how manipulative Courtney was which makes it look very suspicious.  HOWEVER, I have the misfortune of knowing people like Courtney and though her behavior is odd and suspicious, people with that type of personality are ALWAYS that way.  Always trying to scheme and manipulate a situation to their favor.  She is hiding something; it could be that she had something to do with his death directly, or that she knew that he committed suicide and just didn't want to be the one to "discover" it, or that she left the oven on before she left the house and thought she had to cover that up because she thought that would be some evidence against her of being a bad mother and she'd lose custody to Kurt (or something equally as crazy and unrelated).  


The police also did a terrible job of investigating it which further raises suspicions.  However, I doubt any new evidence would come forward that would change the outcome at this point.  I though the documentary did a good job of raising those questions and taking people through the timeline.
yay, im relevant again!
The thing that stuck out to me most was the Police Chief from that time saying that he would re-open the case if he were Chief right now.
So, I was a huge Nirvana nerd, going back to the LiveNirvana and Nirvana2 days, and I never put much thought towards the murder theories. This documentary has significantly changed my opinion. Hearing Courtney's voice and the voice of her (their?) manager is shocking. 

Highly recommended viewing. 
I grew up in the grunge era and took kurt's suicide at face value. After watching the documentary, I can definitely see the possibility that it was not a suicide at all. It laid out motive, opportunity and a lot of circumstantial evidence pointing to a conspiracy. The reality is that the truth will never be known, but there are a lot of unanswered questions.
Reminds me of Paradise Lost, and The Jinx. The most convincing points made are in the crime scene itself, the "suicide note", Courtney Love's attempts to control the situation, and the corruption in the Seattle police department. 

Initially when it happened suicide made sense, but in retrospect it seems obvious that there was some foul play. Kurt Cobain showed signs he was looking to the future and had a lot to live for.

Allegedly I read (on youtube comments) that Courtney Love released "Montage of Heck" via HBO earlier this year as another attempt to paint him as a manic depressive type with the knowledge that "Soaked in Bleach" would be coming out later this year. 
Something that bothered me about this movie was the shotgun casing. When you fire a shotgun, it won't eject the casing until it is racked again. 
TL;DS She had her ex boyfriend do the dirty deed for the money.
much better than montage of heck, imo.
[deleted]
This same investigator has made numerous books and a career out of his conspiracy. It's a sickening exploit.
Courtney did it!
This movie is really terrible and bias. I love Nirvana but Kurt didn't want to be seen as a god.
Pretty much everything that was found on the scene indicated suicide. 

Courtney Love was not aware of Kurt having checked out and was not in the same city at the time of the death. 


To call this a documentary is to call Baby Geniuses an art house film, the recreation scenes have bad acting, the motives do not line up, all evidence points to suicide. If there was any question about it, a case would have opened up on reinvestigating what had happened. 

I don't like Courtney Love at all but my reasons for hating her are legitimate, like withholding the nirvana music rights for almost 10 years and making dozens of uneducated statements like implying rap is only for black people.

In short, this movie is a shameless lot budget cash grab made by someone fresh out of film school to try and make a name by rattling a dead and beaten horse of Kurt and Courtney. It has terrible acting, very bias, and a fan base of pseudo-educated individuals who call themselves "Fans" of Nirvana and anyone who says Kurt didn't kill himself is being paid by Courtney and "Hasn't seen all the facts."
This is a story of how Tom Grant failed to find Kurt in his  own house and created a conspiracy theory to cover up his shitty work. The people who can't handle the fact that Kurt killed himself, are more than happy to go along with it and blame Courtney because they hate her. Anyone who believes Courtney killed him does so because they know nothing about suicide. They ignore the fact that she was thousands of miles away and that Kurt checked himself out and bought the gun himself. 

I'm sure Kurt and Courtney were sick of each other at that point and she probably thought she wouldn't care if he killed himself. The most she is guilty of is being a bitch. 

People kill themselves. Accept that and stop trying to blame other people. 
The take-away from this documentary is that junkies lie, about a lot of things.  They were a group of sad and pathetic people.  
Most every speculation out there has it wrong. Only the intelligent know how this works.

NIRVANA was gaining mass appeal and influence. Kurt was asked to join a secret society/cabal in the entertainment industry. He refused. They killed him and NIRVANA disbanded. You are either with them or against them. Join or die is their saying.
Lies.
One of the most amazing documentaries i've ever watched. Credit to the host, he made a real documentary.
Amazing documentary
If there is any country we should actually "liberate" it should be Kurdistan. I think they need to be there own country by now.
I was really not expecting the American guy to be there
These brave people standing in the night make me feel so ashamed. I shed a tear over this.
Very emotional piece. Daesh is differentiating itself from all these other groups, making smaller regional conflicts pale in comparison to their invasive lethal and cultural threat.  The empathy and humanity shown in this video seems to be a crucial role in quelling it.
Is this the one where they encounter a random Texan guy at the Kurdish base?
Wow. Thanks for sharing this.
I think they need to be there own country by now. saw this in the night make me feel so ashamed.
Post to /r/videos for larger reach, this is incredible.
saw this in the other thread, loved it. if anyone knows anymore like this please post
This was truly an eye opening documentary. People need to become more aware of the ground forces in this war. I've never known much about Kurdistan, but it's a culture I hope to see flourishing in times to come. 
People need to become more aware of the most amazing documentaries i've ever watched.
People need to be there Wow.
I think they need to become more aware of the ground forces in this video seems to be there own country by now.
this is awesome. made me seriously consider going over there and joining the guerrillas for a second 
People like to think of things in terms of good or evil with no grey area, and it is possible to sympathize with any individual or group you get to know intimately but these Kurdish guerrilla groups often engage in the very same tactics that ISIS/ISIL uses, stuff we would normally call terrorism such as targeting and bombing civilians in urban settings. So as much as you want to think these guys are fighting the good fight, know that as always it's more complicated than it appears.
Really well made. Crazy that it was only shot with GoPros. 
The photography is just amazingly beautiful.
Love Joey L's stuff! 
I was really not expecting the American guy to be there own country by now.
**ISIS: The Freezer**  
*That's where the ice ... is.*  

These people are doing amazing, incredibly brave things, but the film maker made a documentary about himself more than about the Kurds. There are much better documentaries out there on the PKK and the larger Kurdish struggle. 
Great piece, thank you.
what a brave hipster.
What we have nowadays is the "boy who cried wolf" effect. People have been so universally lied to and manipulated, that they will not act on any state of affairs that is not immediately manifestly obvious or which does not have immediate practical effects for their daily grind. It really doesn't matter what you get them to believe anymore. They're not going to act on it unless they think they stand to gain personally in an immediate way. 
Nobody got the point. 

Of course that all the climate denial was there, that was not the point. The matter of the documentary is right at the end. Like, in the last two minutes. I can't tell without spoiling it. 

And I think it was amazing. Really interesting message. 
I nearly turned this off, because I couldn't stand how unrealistic the acting was. :/ I knew it was heading somewhere with this, but since it was so unconvincing I'm now even more scared of the people who easily believe everything than I already was... This is meant to be educational to people who don't 'use their head', but if it has to be so transparently fake and easy in order to approach these people I wonder if they even are the right demographic for such a message. They'll just click through and skip the ending anyway.
And here I was hoping this was a super-cool meta-documentary. I am disappointed.
This was brilliant. [SPOILER] I found it unsettling at first, because right from the beginning you could feel and see all the manipulation going on and you didn't know what to assign any sort of credit. Then it became entertaining, when it comes to climate change you are more clear of what's going on: the irony and self meta-critic is fully blown. And even the last bit in the end was quite elucidating because, even understanding the self-critic on the form of the film, I still viewed the characters subconsciously as authoritative figures, which you come to understand that some were totally not :P

Having said this, I just don't know how effective it is in terms of not just "preaching to the choir". If you go to the comments on youtube (which I know you never should), most completely miss the purposefully ironic undertone of the film. On the other hand, even if people hate the film, they end up adopting a skeptic position, which I guess is the (at least part) of the purpose... so "yey" I guess :P.

Final note: this is NOT an ESSAY on how propaganda film works. It is, as they put it, an EXPERIMENT. They don't try to go very deep into the theories of deceptive film making, they rather make you experience them.



It is an attempt to communicate for a purpose.  Wtf else should they do?
I feel like a short essay could have engaged with this issue more neatly (although I guess it has). Is this, then, aimed at the generation that turned to the medium of the documentary for its education - for the easy ride, the drama and the entertainment? 

The film-makers, like commenters here, can hide behind the veil of irony and say that anyone who criticises this sincerely 'doesn't get it' because it's been made to be viewed with attuned critical faculties.

I just think for such a simple idea I could have got a lot more out of half an hour of my time.
It is hilarious how many people clearly didn't make it through the whole doco before commenting :smug:
So, burning down the Reichstag and blaming it to the communists was, according to the end of The Art of Deception, a) an example for an example without reference in the Zeitgeist documentary or b) an example in how the Nazis made a story up and everyone believed it? Or both? I mean, it happened and even without knowing the true perpetrator, this event has been used by the Nazi party for further policy changes, which is the point in the small section of the cited Zeitgeist documentary.
I'm not sure it is brainwashing when the agenda is truth.

The moment the guy said "that's like studying if cigarettes cause cancer! Of course they do, everybody knows that!" I knew it was fake. How do you think they found out they cause cancer? It's common knowledge now but it sure as shit wasn't decades ago. 
Wow that was boring. Yes, I watched it from beginning to end. If you want something more interesting, within the subject of "what you see might not be what you get" in media, watch F for Fake, or videos on how commercials are made, or Manufacturing Consent. I wasted my time, please don't waste yours too.
Weird. I can understand why a lot of people stopped watching halfway through as they realized the filmmakers were using the same tactics they were criticizing. Showing Hitler and then 9/11 was the weirdest part.
Obvious
funny how this films uses the same brainwashing and agenda pushing methods it accuses others...
Pathetic really, could not take it seriously after all the science denial, and lack of sources for their facts and speakers.
Very well done. Reminds me of Derren Browns work.
the art of deception... contains dramatic and suspenseful music to make their point. almost as if they themselves are trying to push an agenda and brainwash the audience. Is it possible they are using the same technique they criticize others of using?
[deleted]
Strikes me as a reasonably subtle attempt to discredit climate change - dressed up as an edifying piece on propaganda technique. Note how a disproportionately large part of the clip was devoted to "exposing" the "deception tactics" employed by climate change campaigns. The few other examples cited only got a fraction of the time. Nice try, no banana.
Thanks for posting this, very inspiring.
If you like this, also look into Master Cho and his Korean Natural Farming Tech. Nature did it right first, why change it?
This appears to just be a collection of short clips, or am I mistaken?
The whole thing is worth watching.
"You got a no-no goin'!"
This is amazing. Watch it folks!

Almost as funny as watching Trey and Matt from Southpark high on LSD at the Academy Awards.
Caleb Groh has a [nice song](https://calebgroh.bandcamp.com/track/ellis-d) about this story!
Reminds me of the time i took lsd and beat one of my friends in a Blazeblue match.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6qV7GD5J1U

If this one doesn't work in your country
I love watches
/r/watches

Love this doco! Simon Schaffer is the best
The programmable writing doll is just too amazing. That guy was an absolute genius.
This was a fascinating documentary thank you for the upload. This is how documentaries are supposed to be. 

It really makes you appreciate precisely why Germany and much of Europe to this day are renowned for their technological prowess not just in automata but across many industries.
I loved the silver swan.
[CIA artificially inflated the value/demand for these paintings](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/modern-art-was-cia-weapon-1578808.html)
The whole thing seems a little fishy. Especially the whole interview with Nick Carone and the sequence leading up to it. First the sentence "Pollock never sold a painting for less than he thought it was worth" is just kinda vague and wrong. Peggy Guggenheim often cut people a deal on the Pollock paintings because she had a hard time selling them in the mid to late 40s. "Nick Carone remember's the day 50 years ago when Pollock finally sold his first big piece." Again vague and suspect. The Guggenheim mural was arguable his first large painting that he sold, at 7' 11" X 19' 9 1/2". And was contractually owned by Peggy Guggenheim. She had a contract with Jackson to pay him $150 a month for a year under the conditions that he was allowed to keep 1 painting a year and she owned the rest to sell. So it was definitely not sold for $8000. According to [THIS](http://www.artic.edu/sites/default/files/libraries/pubs/1961/AIC1961BHellerColl_comb.pdf) the only Pollocks that Ben Heller owns are later ones, one from 1950 and one from 1951. 

Lastly the whole idea that there are 'lost' Pollocks out there is a little suspicious given that Lee Kranser, Jackson's wife, was very possessive of Jackson's paintings. In 1944 Lee and Jackson moved to Springs, NY with pretty much nothing. They were so poor that Jackson promised his brother Frank one of the paintings of his that he was entitled in exchange for some home furnishings and blankets. After Jackson died, Lee would not hold up this promise and refused to give Frank, Jackson's brother, one of Jackson's paintings. So it seems a little suspicious that she would leave paintings just floating around in a storage unit or somewhere else to be discovered.
That dude that says it's not a Pollock because it's too "neat and compacted" obviously hasn't seen [Blue Poles](http://nga.gov.au/international/catalogue/Images/LRG/36334.jpg), which is arguably neater and more compacted.
If anyone knows the most recent news / updates please do post. 
anyone know what the painting is called?
Thomas Hoving seemed to get more desperately arrogant as the film went on, as he realized that he might be wrong. This would have done serious damage to his reputation. So, it was incredibly interesting to watch his increasingly idiotic explanations and posturing for why it couldn't be genuine. The man showed himself to be almost a victim of his own ego. I was so rooting for his downfall. 
I always thought the art world was full of crap.  This is another documentary that helps reinforce that belief:  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0912592/
"My Kid Could Paint That"
I love how that one art expert says "a finger print says nothing, it doesn't have the soul" wtf? 
Yeah I'm not about to deify a complete trash bin of an artist. Him and all his modern art compatriots were untalented hacks who built their own echo chamber of unwarranted congratulatory self obsession that, thanks to the cold war, marketed its way into galleries. 

Fuck i could jizz on a black canvas, nail it to my tits, call it winter repression and some critic fuck will call it genius. And the worst part is now we have schools and institutions that scam dumb shits like me out of thousands of dollars so we can be rewarded for being lazy. But its OK because i now have the qualifications to draw meaning out of nothing and tell people more skilled than me why they're not. 

I'm gonna write a shit, non-rhyming poem about this.
Damn that was an entertaining watch! Still not sure if the painting was real though
Why do people care about a guy who drove drunk?
Thanks for that. Highly entertaining and authentic.
I'm curious, are there any polls about whether Iraqi citizens preferred life with Saddam or now?
It was dumb to topple this guy. Yes he was a cunt, but he kept even greater cunts in line. Now we're having to clean up a sloppy cunt mess. 
Sometimes the enemy you know is better than the enemy you don't know. 
One think a few of the posters don't seem to be aware of is that in the Reagan era Saddam was an American ally. When Iraq fought Iran the us provided Iraq with intelligence about Iranian troop movement. It also sold weapons including biological weapons to Iraq. The US navy escorted Iraqi vessels through the Straights of Hormuz so that Iran wouldn't blow them up. Saddam wasn't acting in a vacuum in the 80's. The West was right there with him, often as his weapons dealer. [This](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_support_for_Iraq_during_the_Iran%E2%80%93Iraq_war#Chemical_and_biological_exports) Wikipedia article sums it up fairly well.
Prior to the current one.
They simply could have bought all the oil in Iraq with its oil supplies untouched.
It hurts my head to think that all of the worlds oil which is what his trials discussed.
Another side to the West.
So you might never know if it had been of natural causes, the country would have never have happened but for the better.
For example here in the region, but increased them heavily.
It was kind of mind blowing how different Iraq was compared to what I was expecting.  Even the flaming owners of a gay bar loved Saddam.
He perhaps was a really, really bad man, but he kept the country, religions, groups of people and what not stable. 

Sometimes, dictators are good for a certain kind of people, or groups.
Not half as bad as it is now
Kinda curious if people are pledging themselves to Saddam because they believe it or out of fear.
Or, you know, the invasion of Iraq was at least a stable country back then.
If anyone has any questions about Estonia, I can try to answer (am Estonian), there are probably other Estonians lurking here as well.
True story: My uncle's friend walked into a barbershop to get a haircut. Not knowing what style to ask the barber for, he told him to cut his hair "any way he wants, just don't make me look like an Estonian". 

There was a brief pause followed by a small sad voice from the barber: "I am Estonian..."
Loved that guy with the self driving Tesla
Just did an energy report on Estonia, the only thing I noticed about this was the crazy amount of car charging stations. http://elmo.ee/charging-network/
For the rest, they aren't really busy on becoming a greener country and largely depend on their own oil shale power production (which is more polluting than browncoal).

This is a nice commercial and all, but how much of this has just blown over from Finland and Nokia?
Link was from Estonia. I thought that this is how people from Estonia were my whole childhood. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=h1hEKqZz-OY
Turkey has almost same thing https://www.turkiye.gov.tr/ 
how do you know what rent prices are like in the second biggest city in Estonia, Tartu.
stupid Esti, think they are better than other Balts......well they are but still....
Good for aliens, blocked in Canada.

EDIT: Album can be veiwed [here](http://imgur.com/a/CvEvO). Credit to /u/bojancho comment in the /r/videos post.
Aliens get to see the images but I don't? Horse shit, I tell you!
i found it interesting that they left out war and destruction. i'm sure it was a well thought-out decision but war is such an integral part of our history. we probably wouldn't even have that rocket to launch those images if not for war.
You wont believe image 57
I honestly believe copyright is "the great filter". I believe there have been countless of other civilizations, which all broke down into "gray lawyer goo" when finally someone invented copyright claims.

This was really cool. Thanks for sharing
Check the source video in the description if the youtube link is blocked for you, it worked for me.
Mirror?
This is really interesting. Its neat to see each one and wonder how much thought went to pick each and every one of these.
Few of these pictures were particularly good images of the things they were showing. The Golden Gate Bridge picture looks like it was taken from a potato, and from a diminutive angle. I don't really understand that.
Let's hope this doesn't fall into the wrong hands
No Picture of the great pyrimds?  I was fairly certain that they were included.
wow....really made me feel appreciative of what i have
Voyager is interesting in many ways, and it seems in most ways, it is more for us then it is for any intelligent species that may find it.  It is a record of our existence, a way to chronicle our achievements, as Carl acknowledged that it is unlikely to ever be found.

It also speaks great volumes to its creator's beliefs.  It seems likely its creators thought we would not be around for too long, or at least not continue on our current technological trajectory.  Although our species maybe in its infancy now when it comes to space travel, time is short until we reach maturity.  It seems likely we will outpace voyager, and maybe one day it will be a tourist destination along side one of the galactic freeways.  Arguably futile, but very interesting, Voyager; a mission in which we learn a tremendous amount about ourselves.
Great song choice maybe the aliens will learn emotion through the music :D 
It'd be awesome if someone else sent something like that our way. I wonder what we would learn from it. 
Blocked in Mexico! Apparently its not intended for here.
Let's hope this doesn't fall into the wrong hands I would want someone like Carl Sagan to be our emissary.
Having just finished reading The Three-Body Problem by Cixin Liu I am not so sure we should have given out our address like that.  Seriously though, what a wonderful shot in the dark this whole enterprise was.
Blocked in Norway.

This video contains content from WMG, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.

Humans can't see it, but aliens can! Oh this planet is doomed! 
Assuming the aliens have no idea what our language/content/measuring methods are, how would this benefit them? 
I just hope it's found.  I think of it as our interstellar graffiti.  "Look at us".
I've seen all the pictures before, but I would have loved if they had moved from picture to picture slower, give us more time to appreciate the photos, and maybe give some more background info. This was clearly a low effort video, but still an enjoyable 5 minutes.
so happy that they left religion out, at least religion will finally disappear when we do to be forgotten forever.
If we were to meet extraterrestrials, I would want someone like Carl Sagan to be our emissary.  If he can't be there in person, I'm glad his idea can be.  
I always hear in my political circles that the barter system is the most fair and ethical. I could never imagine modern barter systems, but this is pretty neat. Unfortunately, I think that the 'Time' resource will quickly be paired with a 'Skill' resource, thereby creating a single-value statistic that looks a *lot* like money...
I don't know about a whole economy of time trade, but here in the middle class this is called having buddies. Need help with your car/computer/domestic project? Sure, but you better have a useful skill to contribute later.
Unless I missed something (which is possible), my biggest issue with this is that all skills are considered equally replaceable. 

A neurosurgeon who takes 8 hours to do a VERY complicated operation would be valued the same as a delivery man doing his normal 8 hour work day. It simply doesn't consider the time or effort it takes to acquire the skill. 
I SWEAR I GOT HIGH AND HAD THIS SAME IDEA. So crazy to see it really becoming a reality.
I don't know about a whole economy of time together to learn from each other.
Graduates from college, receives full house: TimeRepublic Communism   
I gave this a thought once. This only works in small communities.
Is this like that awful Justin Timberlake movie? 
There already is an economic system like this. It's called communism
Didn't a bunch is hysterical mods nuke the last thread when a doc on this was posted?
Some of the crew of the USS Liberty are still alive: http://www.usslibertyveterans.org/  

And there is this BBC docu:   

USS Liberty: Dead In The Water (BBC, 2002)    
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjOH1XMAwZA   
I feel like its only a matter of time before this gets deleted.. :(
[Has anyone seen the documentary about the time France attacked a Greenpeace ship in New Zealand?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinking_of_the_Rainbow_Warrior)

Allies occasionally attack each other for questionable reasons. 

The difference is that they can continue to be friends afterwards. 

In the context of US-Israeli relations, the USS Liberty attack was bad but we couldn't exactly decide to switch sides and become pro-Arab as the Arabs were already being supported by the USSR.
There's been even more recent events than this that I hope to see documentaries about - [remember when Israel kept attacking a UN outpost for 6 hours during the 2006 Lebanon War?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_incidents_during_the_2006_Lebanon_War#Attack)
People here are actually engaging in a civil debate without ad hominem. Props guys. 
Al Jazeera may not be the most objective source... (is there one?).
Of all my readings on the incident, the most comprehensive and convincing I have found is A. Jay Cristol's *The Liberty Incident*.

**EDIT:**   Not sure if the down voting is coming because I offered a source contradicting the initial post (a not unusual response by conspiracy-theorists who reject rather than engage contradictory viewpoints), or because I questioned Al Jazeera's objectivity.  In terms of the latter, I offer the following link (one of several examples):

http://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/jun/11/al-jazeera-america-accused-bias-non-arabs-women

as well as the following quote from Wikipedia:

&gt;An article in the American Journalism Review noted that critics of Al-Jazeera have "assailed what they see as anti-Semitic, anti-American bias in the channel's news content."[7] An example cited from earlier years was a report in Al-Jazeera that Jews had been informed in advance not to go to work on the day of the September 11 attacks, which was criticized by an October 2001 editorial in the New York Times. An often-repeated example involves an on-air birthday party organized by Al Jazeera's Beirut bureau chief for a Lebanese militant convicted of killing four Israelis, including a four-year-old girl. Al Jazeera greeted Samir Kuntar, released in a July 2008 prisoner swap, as a hero. A more recent example given by the article is the weekly show "Sharia and Life" by Yusuf Qaradawi, an Egyptian cleric who, according to a February 2011 article in The Atlantic, "argues clearly and consistently that hatred of Israel and Jews is Islamically sanctioned."[7][8]


Or, the day the [US attacked Iran](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran_Air_Flight_655).  

Or, the day [the Soviet Union attacked South Korea](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korean_Air_Lines_Flight_007).

Or the day [Ukrainian separatists attacked Malaysia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysia_Airlines_Flight_17).  

if you want to talk naval mishaps, how about the time [the UK attacked Russia during WW2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMS_Sunfish_(81S\)).

Perhaps  more embarrassingly, the day [the UK attacked itself.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMS_Oxley).

My favorite though are the day(s) [the US and Canada attacked each other](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Cottage).  

Just a very small sampling of friendly fire events over the years.
...
why did they attack&gt;?
avast virus warning for this site
The covering up of the murder of peacekeepers is an interesting theory as to why, but I don't find it very convincing. Israel has committed crimes against humanity against their neighbors before. These things happen from time to time, especially in war. Israel typically doesn't kill Americans to try to cover that sort of thing up. This was different for some reason. My theory takes into consideration that our (U.S.) Department of Defense was not above planning to terrorizing Americans in order to blame others and build up support for war when it came to Cuba (see Operation Northwoods documents). Perhaps they had something similar in mind here. Perhaps the highest-ups figured the sacrifice of an American ship was worth it so they could blame an "enemy" of their's (perhaps Egypt or Syria) and then gain public support in the U.S. for joining the war. 

We never joined the war, at least not openly, and perhaps the reason why is the fact that the Liberty survived and blame couldn't be pinned on the nation the DoD (working with Israel) had in mind. Sounds nuts, but so was Operation Northwoods, which planned to terrorize Americans and do violence in order to sway public opinion toward war with Cuba.  Nuts also was the fact that Vietnam and Iraq and other U.S. wars have been started with false intelligence, wars wherein tens of thousands of service members died. Also, if I remember correctly, the President ordered a group of rescue aircraft back, as they were heading to the defense of the Liberty. From the top, above the Admiral who ordered the rescue, the rescue was brought to a full stop. This happened while the Liberty was still being visciously attacked. It seems to me the Commander in Chief wanted the Liberty to sink as much as Israel did. We may never know the reason, but I doubt it was in order to cover up the murder of Egyptions that the Liberty likely didn't even know about.  Something much shadier than that was going on.
Man, just so strange that this comes to light on Reddit. Thank God for the truth and justice brigade.
Sounds like a mistake to me... they were fighting 5 countries single handedly at the time... 

edit: OK... all my comments here are getting downvoted because I said this was most likely a mistake. Even the link provided in the original post dissects the video and discredits it. The video has no interviews with Israeli's and features many unsubstantiated claims. This is propaganda.
Fuck Israel
A friendly-fire incident that happens all the time in history - it also happens that this particular incident is often used in anti-Israel, anti-Semitic propaganda to demonize the country. I mean, it was made by Al Jazeera, who totally don't have a beef with the Jewish state at all... Slowly strokes chin 
a really awesome story.  thanks for posting.  
Sorry to be a one-upper but THIS is surely *the* greatest beer run of all time:

[Mr. Vincent Speranza of The 101st Airborne during WWII](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZe2H8nvUAM)
I couldn't tell if the guy had balls or was just plain stupid for going over there just to have a beer with his boys, but a damn good story regardless!
This guy is a legend.
Great video
Thank you for posting.   Great way for me to honor our Warriors, on this Veterans Day.   To Remember that space n Time.  I spent years in Social Work School.  Years providing social work service.   The most I ever learned, was from guys like these Men. Only award I ever earned professionally.  Outstanding Service provided to Vietnam Vets and their families through a Vietnam veterans Out reach program. At the time, one of seventy seven programs like it in the Nation.   It was such an Honor and Privilege to serve them.    There are so many stories like this documentary.  I hope they All Get Told/filmed.  Huge Mahalo to the film makers!   Go Team!  
This is freaking awesome. Thank you for sharing OP. Great find.
Awesome story. 
The more sinister use of this technique is featured in the documentary titled "[Does the USA sponsor revolutions?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpXbA6yZY-8)"

CANVAS also [provides literature on their website](http://canvasopedia.org/218-2/). Here's a [TED talk from Mr. Popovic - How to topple a dictator](http://www.ted.com/talks/srdja_popovic_how_to_topple_a_dictator)

Even [Wikileaks has some leaked documents on the CANVAS/Otpor movement](https://search.wikileaks.org/?q=otpor) activity in the regimes [unfriendly](https://wikileaks.org/gifiles/docs/17/1797625_fwd-non-violence-manual-.html) to the US :
&gt;CANVAS (http://www.canvasopedia.org/) is a spin-off of Otpor and was founded by Srdja Popovic and Ivan Marovic in late 2003 after Srdja Popovic left the Djindjic government (who was assassinated in March 2003). They have been involved with numerous pro-democracy movements around the world (most effectively in Ukraine and Georgia, but they were also in Belarus, Venezuela, Zimbabwe, Iran, Lebanon, Azerbaijan and Tibet). They use Gene Sharp's non-violence theory and give it their own spin (to check out their manual on non-violence, go here: http://www.canvasopedia.org/content/weaponry/intro.htm) 

&gt;They are supported by the Albert Einstein Institution (founded by Gene Sharp), Democracy Research Guide, International Center on Nonviolent Conflict Resources, International Republican Institute and the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs. They may have also received CIA funding and training during the 1999/2000 anti-Milosevic struggle. The piece we did on them last fall is attached at the end of the document. 

&gt;In 2003 CANVAS worked with the opposition in the former Soviet state of Georgia and helped foment the Rose Revolution. In 2004 similar efforts merged with a broader international effort to spur Ukraine's Orange Revolution and Kyrgyzstan's Tulip Revolution. Not all of CANVAS's attempts proved successful. Efforts in Belarus, Uzbekistan and Azerbaijan, for example, bore no fruit. But the group's ability to mobilize and unite disparate factions and strike at the core of authoritarian systems are among the best on the planet.

EDIT: More links from Wikielaks/GI Files

* Stratfor leak about CANVAS/Otpor
http://search.wikileaks.org/gifiles/?viewemailid=5462012

* Stratfor leak about CANVAS/Otpor funding
http://search.wikileaks.org/gifiles/?viewemailid=1746019

* Starfor leak about a document describing CANVAS/Otpor
http://search.wikileaks.org/gifiles/?viewemailid=5437020
[Better version](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x1birds_how-to-start-a-revolution_news)
Your revolution becomes a whole lot easier if it is at least condoned, if not supported, by the West.

NOW I CAN TAKE OVER THE WORLD HAHAHAHA
Iron Sky was so much more in-depth...
I subscribed to this sub specifically for Alien Nazi documentaries... &lt;3
The Germans were investigating disk aircraft. They were called flugelrad. This isn't anything wacky, disk aircraft had been looked at since the 20's. The US had the Flying Pancake in 1942.
http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--VV1al45n--/c_scale,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/18ca58mgki1yhjpg.jpg
The Horten jet powered flying wing was decades ahead of its time. Northrup-Grumman engineers designed the B2 from studying a captured Horten flying wing stored in the Smithsonian. The Boeing 707 was designed from Nazi plans, who invented the swept wing. There is quite a background on Die Glocke, several photos, although most may be fake. Instead of ridicule, there should be amazement at the amount of ground breaking technology that was developed over a few short years. The US military is still studying multiple captured weapon systems.
I also smoked crack once, never made a documentary after though.
Why is there some new Nazi special every damn week.  I swear this shit is shoved down our throats on TV.
Can someone give me a 30 second run down? I'd rather not watch an hour and half conspiracy theory documentary.
Probably worth watching if you're one of those people who think it's possible for a documentary to be so bad it's good.

Otherwise, just more 4spooky5me UFO stupidity.
I wasn't sure what to think about this by its wacky title but it's quite interesting--and plausible. Some of the technology is, however, apocryphal at best. But maybe the German scientists were just spinning gold to save their asses from the gallows? Or, more plausible, the government's super duper secrecy with super Nazi weapons was just a psych out with the Soviets during the cold war. 


this reminds me of,  https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=kecksberg+PA+ufo
These videos always sound quite interesting in context but im afraid to open them, just incase i become an obsessed delusional freek
So a documentary on Nazi Alien technology is upvoted, but my documentary about the jailing of Holocaust revisionists is downvoted into oblivion.
Scully and Mulder should get on this
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xlym9n_science-of-dogs_tech
This reminds me of that dog episode of rick and morty. 
"Where are my testicles summer?"
Thanks for posting this. I love this documentary. 
I need to bookmark this to send a link to everyone I know that has a dog but think GMOs are awful. Dogs are the ULTIMATE GMO.
It's tool...wording a sentence in such a way that leaves open multiple ways for different listeners to interpret what their own perceived biases/prejudices/wants to hear.

I've seen it employed since I started paying attention to politics with Ronald Reagan...the really interesting thing is you don't need to buy a book, you just need to set aside all your own biases/prejudices/wants and listen carefully to what the other person is saying...and of course, not saying.

clarke and dawe TL;DW version

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQoT9xXRXtY
lol don't mention the biggest one: religion
1984
No examples, no psychology, no science, no content= Ironic.


Edit: now 25 min's in and the only example was "Sugar free" mean's no natural sugar added.   The FDA allows companies to add artificial sugar.  Earth shattering
He calls double speak "language designed to mislead while pretending not to," but the examples sound more like: "language designed to convince the listener to agree with the speaker."

Academic jargon and legalese don't exist because academics and lawyers have a conspiracy to deceive you: they exist because, like all of us use language everyday, academics and lawyers have opinions that they want considered.

All language is in this sense "double speak." No words are exact: they are all symbols that are interpreted slightly differently by different people. 

When we speak or write, we are hoping to achieve a reaction, and so we knowingly or unknowingly use the words we think will get that reaction! Sometimes the reaction we want is simple: you just want your friend to say something back, or you want them to shut up. Sometimes it's complicated: you want to a customer to buy a specific product, or a senator to pass a bill. Either way, you are using what this video calls "double speak." Language, symbolism, is by nature double speak! 

Identifying some language as intended to be the "honest, plain, truth" and other language to be intentionally deceitful "fake truth" is dangerous. Only the speaker knows their own intentions.
[Here's part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjGUE8XaUn4)
Get Ready!  Epic History X-MEN Volume 2 - The Phoenix Saga! Coming JULY 29th 2015 to VIMEO-ON-DEMAND!﻿
the host and the production of that show just made me turn it off.

too hip for me i guess
I really enjoy the production and point of view but HOLY SHIT the audio mixing is bad. Turn down the god damn music!
Wow, unmm, for someone whose job it is to speak on YouTube videos all day, she's not very good at speaking. Just sounds so scattered and incoherent. 😕
The writing is lackluster and the host/narrator is tough to listen to for more than 5 minutes.
I dont know why but it really annoyed me when she said Magneto's family was in an internment camp instead of a concentration camp.
That was awesome...Loved every minute of it. And now im stuck waiting for part 3.
supergood! now do transformers (the comic)!
I was with it until she mentioned bra burning. That didn't happen.
Just read the wiki and save yourself about 45 minutes
Dude, ComicBookGirl19 is gold. Everything she posts is great and she's a total sweetheart badass.
Never realized the MLK/Malcolm X &amp; Professor X/Magneto parallels until now.... poetic﻿
I saw this documentary about a month ago.  Its very well done and very disturbing.  Its particularly worth watching because the narrative and evidence shown is very contrary to my perceptions from watching media reports when I was younger.

I know that to many people this whole topic is taboo as it is often times cited by conspiracy theorists.  I think that the litmus test for their claim that a tyrannical government intentionally killed dozens of men, women, and children is very high and as such don’t ascribe to those beliefs.  I think however, that there still remains a legitimate dialogue to be had as to if the federal agents handled this incident in a professional and accountable manner.  The filmmakers of this documentary do a superb job of detailing that they did not.  

To start, the documentary shows how the Davidians knew that the ATF were coming and offered that instead of a raid, they would simply invite them peacefully into their home to examine the weapons in question that they were accused of illegally modifying with full auto sears.  The ATF declined the offer of a peaceful and voluntary search and instead elected to roll up on the house Mogadishu style.  Its questioned as to why they tipped off reporters in advance and allowed them to act as embedded reporters if they did not want to lionize their actions.  The raid was horribly conceived and the ATF didn't even bring basic communications equipment.  The first call that emergency services got was from the Davidians themselves seeking a cease fire.  Wounded agents had to ask the media to call in for medical assistance.  

Despite the fact, that the ATF had expended all of their ammunition in the firefight, the Davidians allowed them to leave.  You see their agents slowly walking away with their hands in the air in the documentary.  The Davidians, who were largely portrayed as deranged, trigger happy, anti-government forces allowed them to leave despite the fact that both sides agree that if they wanted to, they could have killed every ATF agent there.  After the ATF botched the raid and the FBI now had to get involved to manage the situation, the federal agencies unprofessional antics continued.  The reporters interviewed an agent during the prolonged siege who was bragging about what a finely honed killing machine he was.  There is video of agents dropping their pants and mooning the occupants of the dwelling.  The FBIs own negotiator even admits in the recorded takes with David Koresh that he does not have control over the agents on scene and implies that when you give people tactical military equipment, they get overeager to use it.  Probably the most disturbing part of the documentary that I saw was the testimony and reports by the FBIs own behavioral analyst who was asked to compose a psych profile on David Koresh and recommend which approach would most effectively bring about a non-violent resolution to the siege.  The analyst drafted a profile stating that the most effective course of action would be to allow the negotiator to continue to make progress and not attempt any assaults, but was called before his superiors who demanded that he alter his official recommendations to instead call for more invasive measures.  Despite his refusal and reiteration that verbal de-escalation would ultimately be the most effective means of resolution, they ignored their own experts professional opinion and chose to instead agitate the Davidians with loud speakers blaring the sounds of chickens being slaughtered.  

After the final incursion, which resulted in the building being lit on fire, you can see video of a bulldozer pushing debris into the fire.  This was a crime scene where dozens of people died and the scene of a forty plus day standoff, why on Earth would anyone be tampering with or destroying potential evidence?  Again, not citing a conspiracy theory, but just from an evidentiary standpoint, this seems unprofessional and against best practices.  In regards to evidence, there were various pieces of evidence that the FBI failed to produce following the incident.  Most notably, were the dozens of illegally modified rifles that the ATF had cited as their basis for their search.  No such firearms were ever produced as evidence, despite repeated congressional requests.  Lastly, the documentary shows the FBI stating that they flat out lost two large, industrial sized doors that were entered into evidence.  These were massive farm sized doors to permit farm machinery to pass through.  The reason that they were significant to the case was that ATF cited them in their claim that they initially received fire through those sheet metal doors from the Davidians, proving that they were engaged first.  As they were metal doors, if the Davidians had fire through them as the ATF agents claim, there would be metallic holes pushed through from the inside proving the direction of the fire.  The surviving branch Davidians deny that these holes existed and that no Davidians ever fired through these doors.  If these doors were presented as evidence, it had the potential to corroborate the ATF’s claim that they were fired upon first and that the Davidians initiated the firefight, a heavily disputed claim.  The FBI’s own testimony however, is that their agents logged these massive 10 foot by 12 foot doors into evidence, sent them to their forensics labs, and then promptly lost them.  Their official testimony before congress was that they were incompetent and lost keys pieces of evidence.  

This is a very well done and sobering documentary.  I highly recommend it to anyone reading this.  

Some points that are rarely or never discussed:

David Koresh went jogging in the mornings regularly and could have been arrested peacefully outside his property at any time.

How did the gov't know or think they knew about illegal weapons? The Davidians were weapons experts and made money selling weapons. Some have suggested that they were in fact building illegal weapons FOR the government which were traded to narcos and the like for drugs.

Koresh INVITED the FBI to the ranch but the FBI agent's handler who was listening in vehemently said NO!

As the entire house incinerated, people attempted to escape out the back. A small airplane was circling the ranch before and after the fire, and it was equipped with FLIR (forward-looking infrared). In the documentary it can PLAINLY be seen that there were individuals out back firing guns at those Davidians who tried to escape out the back. Rumors of Delta Force commandos being on site have never been proven or disproved, but some tactical squad was lying in wait and murdered those people.

One woman was killed by a bullet from above as she sat on a bed with her child. Davidians reported a helicopter strafing the compound, but this was firmly denied by the gov't.

CS gas was LIBERALLY injected via a boom attached to a military tank's cannon barrel, DIRECTLY into the ground floor room where all of the children were being hidden from the gunfire. In the concentration of gas that was used, it can be flammable. In other words, BABIES AND CHILDREN were tortured by literally being soaked in CS gas and then set on fire.

You all remember that video they showed over and over on TV of four ATF agents climbing up a ladder and only one coming back down? 
-Three agents enter and upstairs window
-Fourth agent throws some type of grenade or smoke bomb INTO the window his comrades entered seconds before. 
-Same agent then uses his MP5 machine gun to fire multiple rounds INTO the room his comrades just entered. Immediately return fire comes from inside the room making holes in the siding and clipping ATF assassin in the helmet. He quickly slides back to the ladder and escapes. All 3 agents who entered are killed.
-Those agents who are killed were former bodyguards for Bill Clinton.

NEVER FORGET WACO
You want another fun one to look into?  [Ruby Ridge](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_Ridge)
https://vimeo.com/13978271

Recommend watching Frontline's Peabody winning account of Waco
I would really like to see this. Last month, at a negotiator conference, I spoke with one of the FBI negotiators from this incident. We talked in great detail about this, Ruby Ridge and the Montana Freeman incident. 

He said Ruby Ridge was such a mess, and while the ATF and FBI were still evaluating/scrutinizing the policies used at that time, Waco went down. 

He gave a disturbing insight into how fucked up Karesh was, including the origin of his name. He said Karesh was extremely personable while he spoke with him on the phone. I haven't gone through all of the comments, so I'm not sure if it's been mentioned. But a significant amount of the women and children who died in Waco were executed prior to the fires being set. 

Also, I'm not sure if there's footage of it in this doc, but while the tank was punching through the compound, a woman ran out fully inflamed. A tactical agent threw her down to extinguish her, but she fought him, then ran directly back into the burning structure. David Karesh warped all of these people to the core. 

The local Sheriff for the county at the time had a friendly rapport with Karesh and told the ATF prior to the incident he could get him to surrender for the charges, however the ATF wanted to make entry for the weapons and accomplices. I wonder if they'd let the Sheriff go with his plan if so many lives would have been lost. 

Waco and RR certainly brought about serious and much needed policy changes for crisis negotiations. 


at one point during the siege, the feds phoned into the compound and a kid answered and told them "i don't want to talk to you, you're gonna kill us all."
this documentary really made me hate the government. they butchered, and burnt kids alive. the part where koresh is actually calling local enforcement because the atf surrounded his house brought a tear to my eye. 
"WE ARE IN THE PROCESS OF PLACING TEAR GAS INTO THE BUILDING. THIS IS NOT AN ASSAULT. THIS IS NOT AN ASSAULT."

What the fuck?
This isn't even the first time this type of thing has happened. Anyone seen the documentary 'LET THE FIRE BURN'?. It is eerily similar to the Waco incident. 
I'd say the Zealots were the ones giving up their daughters so Koresh could fuck them, then locking themselves in a compound with guns to fight the "evil government"

Crazy people + government incompetence is what happened there
I wrote a thesis on this subject. After significant research, I came away with the distinct impression that both the US government and the leadership of the Davidians were at fault for the mess, not one or the other. The fact that Koresh was systematically abusing young women and girls (and beating babies[!]) at the compound for years, and was illegally modifying and stockpiling weapons did in fact justify a law enforcement raid of the compound. 

Law enforcement certainly is also at fault for their absolutely amateurish tactical mistakes. Not anticipating that the compound was a tinderbox, pumping flammable gas in, and knowing that the Davidians were an end-of-the-world religious cult that interpreted their actions as the opening salvos of Babylon in the fight that would ultimately signal the endtimes was a huge oversight. There is witness testimony strongly suggesting that Koresh/Howell and his two or three closest companions ultimately spread gasoline and lit the match that consumed the compound, but it is also inexcusable that law enforcement did not anticipate that an endtimes religious movement might try to bring about their own end via suicide.
Other than this documentary, do you have any evidence to back up the idea that law enforcement blatantly murdered a compound full of cult members?  I've seen a couple documentaries coming from the other side as well as read some after-the-fact assessments (military and federal LE policy research), and I have to say I think you guys are terribly misinformed if this is your real assessment of what happened at Waco.

You could guys could totally be right, or you could just be messing around.  Either way, I'd love to see some other sources pointing to anything worse than standard LE ham-fistedness here.

Edit: Yes, the FBI and ATF did shoot those people, but accusations that LE set the fire or acted out of accordance with law and regulation seems like a stretch to me.
/r/vandwellers 
Actually, I think they have a point. I liked the man with a copy of Walden. 

&gt;"I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived."

I think if we were more interested in ideas, and relationships (and less  consumerism), we could live on very little. Maybe we would be happier.
If somebody lives in his car, is he homeless? Are they more fascinating than those who sleep in shelters and doorways? 

I did it for a few years, and always wondered if I was "homeless", or simply a "nomad" who didn't go anywhere. 
I'm trying to do this, but in a half-assed way. My concerns are mostly financial. Everyone in this except for that young Utah couple were retired, or at least very close to retirement, and therefore receiving money from the government. That's gotta help.

Also, what do these people do when their van/truck needs a new transmission, or something else that would cost around $5000 to replace? 
My family and I are currently testing this lifestyle out with a 3 month RV living experiment. We thought about going full-time right out of the gate, but it would have taken a couple of years to get things in order. When the opportunity came up for a temp trip we took it.

Seven weeks and 7,000 miles in so far!
Sustainable? They grow their own fossil fuels?
Watched this documentary a while back. Was disappointed. Felt more like some footage of a family reunion than a documentary. Nonetheless, would watch again just for their perspective on van dwelling.
"off-grid" with internet?
Nice documentary. I enjoyed it, but description.
Off the grid? Is that some Mad Max mobile refinery shit?
is it just me or is that one girl really hot? the young black haired one that always has her glasses on
NSA is now monitoring this thread. Put your foil hats on!
So basically, spend most of your life playing the rat race and sell off everything you own to be able to live this life style.  

Not exactly fascinating.
I found it [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLl9LxSuHVs) for any other Canadians interested. 
That is horrifying, basically the FBI can lock up whoever they want
This story was part of [this episode](http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/566/the-land-of-make-believe?act=2#play) of This American Life. Give it a listen for some background. 
Its a very interesting but slightly depressing piece of film. The FBI in the end had no reason to lock him up if only to silence him, and they did with a bogus charge no fair trial would have excepted.
This is a great one, thank you OP.
I love the bit where the informant tries to get a foot in through the door into the "terrorist network" by texting back and forth  about Homeland. 



""Jonathan Menjivar:

Khalifa tells them about the first time he met Sharif. He shows them texts on his phone.



Khalifa Al:

Trying to see if there's anything of relevance. Oh. Wow, [ARABIC]. On December 18-- now, dig this. Now look. On December 18, "ASA," which means As-salaam alaikum. "Brother K, check this movie on channel 370, Showtime. It's a series called Homeland." About terrorists, right? Which I actually did, and I actually enjoyed it.

Lyric R. Cabral:

I do, too. [LAUGHS]


Khalifa Al:

So but, yeah, he-- it was like, it was to help him talk about that topic. Then-- then like the next-- like he kept talking about this, even on-- this was on the 18th. On the 20th-- now who talks about a show that much? On the 20th, he says, "As-salaam alaikum, Brother K, how you doing? How did you like the show Homeland? I'll talk tomorrow." [ARABIC].



So he, like, kept wanting to talk to me, even like when we got together or whatever. He wanted to-- so how did you like it? What do you think about it? What do you think about, you know, blowing this up? And just talking crazy.""



http://m.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/566/transcript

Brilliant documentary, does a really good job of showing you all the sides of the story in an unbiased manner. It's eye opening to see how truely incompetant people can be even while working for the FBI
Sad for all parties involved. A bunch of people being used, without much, if any, payoff. 
This documentary is only available to people in the UK.
Come on man, entrapment has been the main technique used by the FBI and DEA for decades. From anything small like small pot deals to now terrorism, there is a reason why their numbers have multiplied by two orders of magnitudes since 9/11. 

How do you keep a job when there is no real crime? 

.... Invent it.  
8 years for gun possession, America loves to act tough afterwards
This is at least the third time this has been posted in the last week.
Also recommend the book by James Bamford, *Body of Secrets* which tells of NSA SIGINT ships of the era and devotes a chapter to this incident. Bamford was given unprecedented access to NSA files and interviewed survivors.  There are many bitter Americans interviewed in this documentary and their anger is justified.  While the details have been known for years by those who know where to look, al-Jazeera has done an excellent job of research and presentation. 

Damn. That was some real shit.
I definitely trust Al Jazeera to give an unbiased account of history involving Israel.
[Here's a transcript of the entire radio communications from the USS Liberty incident](http://www.planetpreterist.com/content/liberty-attack-tapes-revealed). Clearly the pilots do not identify the ship until it's too late.
"It seemed clear to the Israelis that, as American leaders did not have the courage to punish them for the blatant murder of American citizens, they would let them get away with anything."

-- George Ball, U.S. Under Secretary of State
Al Jazeera is a relatively new news organisation,  I guess they are working their way through the backlog of new stories in the last 50 years.

Next up:  Al Jazeera investigates the shocking assassination of JFK
nothing will be done by anyone.
Wow, I can hardly believe this. I thought Israel was a close and dependable ally of the United States. Why would they do something like this? It seems so out of character. We do nothing for Israel and yet they always stand up for us in the Middle East preventing countries like Iran and Iraq from attacking us. I am sure it was all a mistake.
I read an interesting account of this incident in a book titled "The Secret War Against the Jews". The authors alleged that the Israelis DID know it was an American ship, but that the Israelis also knew that the Americans were spying on them and supplying intel to the Arabs. Supposedly, the American State Department thought if Israel didn't win so easily it would bring them to the negotiating table or something. If I've mis-remembered this I apologize, its been many years since I read it, and I don't know the authors' sources.
I can not wait until the day Israel is just one big hole in the earth. Best outcome for our planet now and in the future. 
