I wish there was one for the US too! Really neat!
Every head of state, at the very least, should have a similar website. This is awesome.
Not that this guarantees that Trudeau will keep all / most of his promises, but if the citizens of a country are able to easily see what promises the leader(s) of a country are keeping and breaking then it opens the door for people being more accurately engaged in politics. Hopefully something like this could stop baseless assumptions that the leader has or has NOT done what they said they would, but I won't hold my breath.

edit: grammar
The Trumpometer in 2017: 

AMERICA.....GREAT AGAIN
This is absolutely brilliant and how the internet should be used, and rarely is. I love it, and kudos to the person who made it. 
I wonder if he checks this out, when he needs to know "what to do next". It's like his own personal pip-boy.
Should have called it the Trudometer.
We have one in Australia too, these are very good.

http://www.abc.net.au/news/factcheck/promisetracker/

As you can see the bastard pricks currently in have clearly broken 14 election promises (On purpose mind you). We voted out the last government (who was award winning), because of 1 perceived election promise.

Of course the right wing supporters of the current government are extremely silent about the 14 election promises broken now.
&gt;Welcome 25,000 Syrian refugees through immediate government sponsorships with a $100 million investment by April 2016.

Keeping an eye on this one.
[Here's the Australian equivalent](http://www.abc.net.au/news/factcheck/promisetracker/)
I wondered why the site was getting more traffic. Came onto reddit tonight and found the answer.
Is there one for David Cameron?
Shouldn't it be Trudeau Meter?
You can even be a Promise Tracker. 

I think it should be mandated that governments have to fund an independent body to administer this so civilians can look up how honest your government is.

I mean it is vitally important information to know when promises are broken.

Sure it's fine to change policy as new evidence is revealed so there should be three categories:
Promises kept
Promises broken
Promises broken with legitimate excuse backed by evidence.
there should be one for Todd Howard
3 done in like 3 weeks after being elected, and a 4th in the works...

Pretty good so far
[deleted]
This is genius, every country should have this to hold their respective governments accountable.
The one for Harper brought up a 404 page.
Looks like a failure. /s
9 times out of 10, I skip this subreddits post because it just doesn't interest me. I suppose this is the odd one out. Super cool, guys! 
He's just not ready.
Pardon my ignorance but this is a beautifully designed site from a communications standpoint
It really needs to be a thing with all the politicians. 
We keep track of everything, how come we cant keep track of the politicians claims, promises, promises broken, promises never delivered, flip flopped(changed their minds on issues), how many bills that senator have voted for and against, and most importantly who donated to the senator. 
This pretty cool. 
Talk about the measure of a man...
In Ukraine we have [Slovo i Dilo](http://ru.slovoidilo.ua/person/Yacenyuk-Arsenij-Petrovich.html) which tracks all promises of politicians. 
guys, if any website contain such a promisemeter including my country, i  d visit that website at least in a week. in fact this idea is a good business project fmpow
Better a happy honeymoon than a shitty honeymoon. I don't expect the PM to solve all of our problems right away, but at least he's off to a decent start. 
Too bad world leaders can't have an app that does this for them. That way they can wake up in the morning and just decide what promise to start working on that day. 
What a fantastic website design
they should do this for every country
This is genius, every country should have this to hold their respective governments accountable.
Can we get one for David Cameron,I think it may go off the scale
I wish there was one for... MY MARRIAGE! But then again, who keeps score? ;)
As a Canadian Firearms owner, the fact that the entire section on guns (under Security, of all things, WTF...) is based on either willful ignorance, intentional dishonesty, or both??

Is not reassuring.
http://thechronicleherald.ca/novascotia/1321999-liberals-no-longer-promising-to-reopen-veterans-affairs-office-in-sydney
if this is legit ,its very cool ,i m goin to bookmark it 
If they did one for the UK, that'd be great.
If we had one in Greece, "promise broken:100%"
Oh the sites down, guess he didn't keep any of those promises (503 error)
I really wish we had this for Harper to use for comparison.
It should be called isittrudeau.ca 
Is there one for the UK.
(If there was it would just say "Haha, what promises you lower class twats"- David Cameron)
But seriously, is there one for the UK?
I don't know how I feel about this. I really like the transparency, but I want the leader of my country to be able to adjust in the face of new evidence / facts. 
I don't want him sticking to a bad idea just because he doesn't want to take a political hit for not keeping a "promise."
A lot of people will understand that a leader has to change course sometimes, but a lot of people won't. 
Not too bad for 11 days in office.
Bring this to usa we sure as hell need this.
For us Americans, what's the ratio of trudeaumetres per trudeaufoot?
This is really great!
3 accomplished in 11 days. Not a bad start.
Can someone make an Australian one of these please! 
very useful site to many Canadians, thank you for sharing sir
This is pretty cool!
this is perfection.
Every country should have this. Politicians so often make big promises to get elected, then the moment they win and it's crunch time, they're as quiet as mice. Little wonder so many voters are disillusioned.
Since this site is supposed to act as a measuring device for Trudeau and not represent a metric unit of measurement, should it not be TrudeauMeter.ca?

I wonder if there was one for harper, I'd be curious to see
Dad united Canada. Mom is a child of the '60s. Let's not ask much while he learns the ropes.
The kitsilano coast Guard is being opened. Wonder how long yell that gets updated to one more completed/in progress 

Going to bookmark this - how interesting to follow along.
Bookmarked.

I wanted to see Layton in power, but the guy just up and died before votes could be cast. Fuck cancer. Then there was Mulcair, who was a decent guy, but rather strict. Still, I wanted to vote for him. But my biggest priority was getting our Crime Minister, Harper, out of power, so I avoided vote splitting and went Liberal. The lesser (but not least) of three evils. Let’s hope we can change Trudeau’s mind about the anti-rights Bill C-51, C-28 and the horrid TPP. We desperately need to shitcan all three of those in their entirety.
Haha. Someone needs to suggest a Scrum approach, so that we're all clear on which stories the PM has decided to tackle this sprint. 
Awesome initiative! All countries should have this! 
I sure hope he doesn't keep some of these promises.  For example:

Add electrical charging stations in federal parking lots 
https://www.trudeaumetre.ca/promise/3107

I work at a university that added 8 electrical charging stations.  Every morning I park next to 4 of them.  In the two years they have been there I have never seen them used.  Eventually they started letting non-electric cars part there, since people were pissed off seeing them empty.  I'm sure it cost many thousands of dollars to install those metres.    
That's actually a great idea &amp; it holds that person to their word. 
My problem with a "promise" site is that a politician is not all powerful. Not to mention his opinion on subjects will change over time.

FOr instance Obama was against gay marriage to begin his presidency. But he changed his mind during his second tern or late into his first term. So...technically he broke his original promise?
Can we get one for New Zealand?
Since this site is supposed to act as a measuring device for Trudeau and not represent a metric unit of measurement, should it not be TrudeauMeter.ca?

We need one for PM Modi 
This is awesome! I want to have it in The Czech Republic too.
How did they pass up the opportunity to call it Trudat.
Wish there was one for finland 0/bilion
Can we please, PLEASE have one for Australia! C'mon Aussies seriously need this! Please release the API or source so people can adopt this amazing platform for other countries.
The one for Harper brought up a 404 page.
This is straight up beautiful. If Trudeau saw this he'd probably love it. 
Excellent!
We need this for every political party
Every politician needs this.
We had one like this when the new president of Sri Lanka was elected on January 8th. There was a very specific 100 day plan. It was maintained for about a month. 
http://100days.lk/

Edit : Link
Make one for presidents of Greece. I guarantee at least 95% "Promise Broken" 's...
Wonderfull, I will have to check on regular basis. Thanks a lot for giving this
I believe that in order to reach a greater good, in order to make changes internationally we need to ensure nationally we are together. 
So umm what's all this about him having Marijuana legalized? 
Umm.... Why are we stopping strikes against ISIS and welcoming in 25,000 refugees?
Can you imagine if we did this for Obama and Bush?

Didn't Obama promise that his administration would encourage whistleblowers?  
&gt; Create a Prime Minister’s Youth Advisory Council, consisting of young Canadians aged 16-24, to provide non-partisan advice to the Prime Minister on issues the country is facing. 

That one sounds pretty cool. 
We need this for every single country in the world.
[deleted]
Wow. The guy hasn't had the job for a month and already a bunch of backseat drivers want to nitpick at him.

Get a fucking life.
Is there an equivalent to see what Harper delivered?
Let's see Harper's.
The equal men and women in cabinet thing stinks. This is how you get shitty token politicians that are put in place because of who they are rather than their merit.

If women ever outnumber men in cabinet will they give up seats so men can be equally represented? If a man resigns and an excellent female candidate is available, she can't sit because the seat has to be won by a man to make the numbers equal?

This is PC madness. What's next, racial and sexuality quotas? Eye colour?
This is a pretty handy planner for his office to use.
Is this Trudeau fellow Reddit's new Elon Musk? Honest question. 
If he ever breaks a promise he'll just say sorry and all of Canada will have to forgive him.
11 days in office and already 3 done? As an American that's amazing we could maybe get 1 thing done in that time
We need this for trump
I didn't vote for you, but you can do it Justin - prove to Canada that you won't be the next Harper.
Where's the one for Harper?
11 days in office, 3 promises achieved, 3 in the works out of 184

Pretty good right? (cue similiar site for previous canadian prime ministers?)
I was waiting for this sort of thing to pop up!
So can we get this for when the new US prez is in office?
This is a cool site
This should almost be a mandatory thing for each candidate running for any office. It's about as benign a source of accountability as we can get. I realize that's a lot of work, but I think that having something organized to look back on when asking "does this person keep their word?" is a pretty important thing.
This site keeps crashing and breaking on me; says it can't find the Parse app and it might not be configured correctly? Randomly comments don't appear either. 
Down for anyone else?
What a great idea! 

Thanks 
Innovative idea, should be more commonplace.
Just wait until this gets spammed in the next election. 
Question time seems like a good idea. I used to do some work in various parliaments and question time was definitely the most interesting part of the process for me.
The one for Harper brought up a 404 page.
Already a more effective opposition than the CPC. 
Can we get this in America?
I feel that people view politics too wide-eyed. From what I can tell, he is a genuinely good man. However, he is not the sole person making decisions, he is in fact in the minority. He may make all these promises but he can't be expected to be held to every single one of them because new information may have come to light, he may not have had the whole story before he was in power, he may even give an honest attempt but be shot down by others within the system, but everything he says cannot and will not be passed and thinking that it will is frankly just naive. Politics is a machine, one filled with redundancies and workarounds. Replacing a single part will not drastically alter the overarching functionality, probably at most it could slow the negative effects of current functionality a bit.

At least that's how I view American politics with Sanders and the like. He makes promises, but in the end, those are just pipedreams that I believe he over any other candidate will make an honest attempt at but ultimately be blocked by some other system in place to limit the power of a single man, for better or for worse. Canadian politics may be slightly different, I'm sure the complete extent of a Prime Minister's power, but I imagine it is largely the same as is any democratically run government. Democracy has its faults and here lies a prime example.
The thing is Trudeau promised to run a deficit so that we could properly invest in infrastructure which will make it a lot easier for him to keep promises. A typical candidate will promise to erase the deficit and still polish everything shiny.
I hope he keeps them!!
Is there one for Britain so I can laugh at how much of a cunt DC is? 
He kept his promise to do the hip-flip game with Nardwuar, that's what really matters.
One for the UK? 
Where was the survey for great leader Harper ?

Lets see how he does with pulling our troops back from Syria now that his French cousins have beem attacked. 
They should have one of these for every election 
There's one for Iran's president, which happens to have been created by some Canadians!  https://rouhanimeter.com
It's a nice idea, it won't suddenly make amoral politicians, lobbyists and corporate executives suddenly cooperate for everyone's good. 
Has anyone ever thought to keep track of the threats and predicitons of the politicians who don't get elected? For example Harper said that without him the economy would implode, we'd have a flood of terrorists and thousands of people in oil would lose their job. 
But he wants us to keep his promises for him soooo I guess this is pretty useless. 
There should be one for *Todd Howard*. 
Definitely we need this on Argentina
[deleted]
Just legalize my weed already J.T
Wish there was one for India too..
He's just not ready.
Someone needs to make one of these for David Cameron and the Conservative Party 
this is really cool :)
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/brasil] [Poderiamos ter algo semelhante aqui para o Brasil](https://np.reddit.com/r/brasil/comments/3sw28c/poderiamos_ter_algo_semelhante_aqui_para_o_brasil/)

- [/r/chile] [se podría hacer algo similar en Chile](https://np.reddit.com/r/chile/comments/3swcxr/se_podría_hacer_algo_similar_en_chile/)

- [/r/metacanada] [This site keeps track of the number of steps we've taken towards the apocalypse](https://np.reddit.com/r/metacanada/comments/3swmqg/this_site_keeps_track_of_the_number_of_steps_weve/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
&amp;gt;Welcome 25,000 Syrian refugees through immediate government sponsorships with a $100 million investment by April 2016.

Keeping an eye on this one.
This would be great for the USA.
They want to get rid of [first past the post](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7tWHJfhiyo)! I thought that was a pipe dream.
I wish there was one for Portugal!
I want one for Obama
This means *almost* nothing.  Rather than tracking how many, what we should track more extensively is the quality of each one and how it will play a role in Canadian politics 
Holy shit, that's neat.

We had one of these when Abbott was PM here in Australia.

It was called "The News"
If I had that much Time, I'd be with NA.
awesome Thanks!
Is there one for Harper? 
Every country needs one
Holly track! Quisiera que hubiera una para Enrique Peña Nieto!! 
Did he seriously make a law that requires equal number of men and women in cabinet? I thought I liked the guy
Trudeau won't name the impetus behind today's attacks in France. And he's gung ho to import 25,000 Syrians into Canada. People, you voted for this. Hope you are happy
What's the obsession with election 'promises'? I think most people realise that the world changes, circumstances change, and that a good leader needs to be adaptable. 

Holding on too tight to what you said before the election seems like a great way to get yourself into a real mess.

Leaders just need to be more honest and open in their communication with the public, treat them like intelligent adults, and explain what they are doing and why.

There's been a silly tendency for leaders to follow opinion, rather than shape it. Focusing on silly things like this, saying "Oh my god! You changed your mind! How can we *trust* you?", probably is more fucked up than changing a position on the cost of access to information - "Oh my God! You said you'd get rid of the $5 fee, but we still have to pay the 90c postage charge for submissions by mail! Liar!"
Love how people are being appointed to keep the gender equal in cabinet. Not really equality if it's done like that instead of on merit. 

For those who are offended by this and apparently can't read:
&gt;Include an equal number of women and men in the Cabinet.

That's what it says on the website.
Saved. Expecting him to carry out all of this so that I can pull this rabbit out during the next elections. 
If all those promises were kept, it would be a wonderful day for Canada and, therefore, the world.
Right wong nuttery, no doubt.
There should be one for Trump should he be elected, just to show how ridiculous his agenda is.
I keep getting distracted by how damn gorgeous  he is.
We had one of these for Harper. It was title; **How many times Harper tramples our Constitutional Rights and subverts the Parliament into a mockery of a democratic government.**

Ah..... I almost miss those days.
Promises should be fulfilled, but *only* if the circumstances actually warrant it. What I mean is, even though promises were made during an election, the issues should still be debated before being blindly implemented.
No results in french?
We need one of these for Bernie Sanders
Yeah,  cause no one else fails to keep promises, ever.
There is also a site that keeps track of the debt, and the huge percentage of taxes that go to just paying interest....i think both counters will be going up significantly
[Liberals no longer promising to reopen veterans affairs office in Sydney](http://thechronicleherald.ca/novascotia/1321999-liberals-no-longer-promising-to-reopen-veterans-affairs-office-in-sydney)
Australia's would be all broken promises and a picture of the front man  (PM, patsy) with a back full of knives stuck there by a bunch of crooked politicians on strings pulled by the US and corporate cunts.
Damn I could not be the president ever. That is a lot of pressure.
https://www.trudeaumetre.ca/promise/3204
Cancel the Northern Gateway Pipeline. 

The stupid bastard has already done this.  I don't know where he thinks the transfer payments for Ontario and Quebec are going to come from when all the provinces become "have not".  


[deleted]
25k syrians? RIP CANADA
Justin was elected mainly by young partying liberals who make decisions based on shallow things like his looks, his charisma, youth.....basically his Hollywood Herb, celebrity appeal.
America's liberal sweep is coming soon. All hail millennials, and the death of dinosaurs.

http://content.time.com/time/health/article/0,8599,1968042,00.html 
Please tell me there is something similar to this for Stephen Harper.
Um, how can we take this seriously when meter is spelled incorrectly - unless it's a unit of measurement like 1m=100cm?
Almost all of these "promises" involve increasing the size and scope of government.
100% so far.

that's pretty nice
He is the Canadian Obama. Prepare for disappointment, Canucks
One of his promises: "Welcome 25,000 Syrian refugees through immediate government sponsorships with a $100 million investment by April 2016." ...you guys should probably rethink this one. Your country is a gun free zone, which means its very easy for a lot of you to die to muslims, as has been the trend as of late. 
I think people should chill, did they do this for Stephen Harper as he painstakingly dismantled the country?

Give it a rest, Trudeau's already kept several promises in just a couple of weeks.
[deleted]
Created by Stephen Harper
Wtf is a metre
In all fairness he has already broken a pretty big promise. He over and over promised to allow a fair and open nomination of ALL of his candidates. He then broke that numerous times appointing his favoruite or not allowing people he didn't favour to run. 

Also a huge number of political promises are not black and white, and could be argued either way. This site bias makes it irrelevant beyond a nifty way to get talking points quickly.
Sweet, my redstone is going to be impressive.
Something's fucky.

&gt;Engineering student here, **this site many years ago to refresh myself in preparation for a while now.**

-pokemon_xd70


&gt;If you know any electrical or computer engineering students, **this site many years ago to refresh myself in preparation for a while now.**

-jamaaron5

For a second I thought they started making All My Circuits and I got really pumped
Great resource. If you're interested in how circuits work, I also suggest the app EveryCircuit. 

Edit: I forgot there's also a website and chrome app.  
http://everycircuit.com
Engineering student here, this site was great for my lower level classes. If you know any electrical or computer engineering students, this site can really help if they're just not quite getting it. I would also recommend

electronics-tutorials.ws

Especially for transistors.
At my college we use http://www.electronics-tutorials.ws it is as simple or as deep as you want with images that can be used for assignments, it is also used for the HSE work as well
Are there any difference in terms of terminology, etc between US and the rest of the world, for example UK or AU?
All you need to know is KVL and KCL!
I love learning about [circuits](http://41.media.tumblr.com/f7efb001075f0926889ab27356fb2d9a/tumblr_mv8dn2rYbt1qzcxzqo4_1280.png)
They really missed the chance to call this All My Circuits... 
And to think I paid thousands of dollars to learn this in school. Seriously though, there's so much you can learn online and in books that you don't even need a degree. Never stop learning. 
http://xkcd.com/730/
If you know any electrical or computer engineering students, this site many years ago to refresh myself in preparation for a while now.
Not going to lie. Saw the thumbnail first and thought it said "all my circuits", all right a futurama post... And disappointment set in. 
Frankly said, the site seems to written by people who have very little experience and are horrible technical communicators. The subject is mostly treated in a fantastically superficial and disconnected manner. As an EE, reading the site makes me feel as if I was dealing with an unmedicated ADHD kid who can't ever focus. It's both saddening and rage inducing, at the same time.

TL;DR: It's a swamp that generates ad revenue. Nothing to see there, really.
[Sparkfun](https://learn.sparkfun.com/) has some great tutorial too. Articles are not organized very well.. but the articles are pretty good. For example [their transistor tutorial](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/transistors?_ga=1.110469253.1864135542.1448960397) helped me a lot when learning.
Cest pas bookmark
[Also 123D circuits](http://123d.circuits.io) is a pretty cool site
Still black voodoo magic, may as well go to Hogwarts
They should've called the  website all my circuits
If you're thinking you reached the website's limits, do yourself a favor and download LTSpice ! It's free ( not open source though ) and pretty powerful !
Thanks OP, I've been curious about this stuff for a while now.
I remember seeing this site not too long ago where it looked like a site before CSS existed. So glad to see it updated and pretty like this.
where can i find more great tools like this to learn about science and tech
We broke it :(
I wish my circuits professor would just show us this in class instead of showing proofs- it would be time better spent no doubt
Used this site many years ago to refresh myself in preparation for a job interview with a tech company. It was a big help.
Is there a way to quickly download all of this for offline use?
RIP my EE degree
These are awesome resources!! Always wanted to learn this. Thanks!
Isn't this that show with Calculon? 
Fuuuuck, this is exactly what I was looking for this week!!!!!

Thanks OP! :D
Not going to be impressive.
Wow, this is really handy, definitely going to have a play with this.
I saw the icon first and read it as "All My Circuits". At first I thought they missed such a great opportunity, but then realized that that made no sense and they would've been sued into oblivion. 
Does anyone know any good websites that teach you how to build simple/intermediate circuit projects? Maybe simple robots? I am alright at understanding circuit diagrams, I just haven't been exposed to creative projects. Thanks!
Anything for mechanical engineers (especially pumps)?
As a third year Electrical Engineering student,
I might now finally understand what my course is about...
Great for starters
Really hoped this will be called "all my circuits"
Very interesting 
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR SOMETHING LIKE THIS FOR SO LONG. I am forever in your debt.
This site many years ago to refresh myself in preparation for a while now.
Working with electricity can be really fun and interesting, and there are pretty much endless career opportunities in the field both high and low on the formal education ladder. A 2 year degree in general electronics can score you a lot of well paying jobs, even some decent ones at the entry level, and based on how much you're willing to learn and apply you can always advance further.
Thank you OP, I started teaching circuits today in my class 👍
Im an electrician. I immediately was hoping this was a link to a picture of my jobsite.
Saved it, Thanks.
You might also like this hilarious youtuber ElectroBOOM.

https://www.youtube.com/user/msadaghd


Looks cool!
[deleted]
As a first year Electrical Engineering student, thanks :p
Too many things to learn, not enough time :(
Its kinda fucky. They seem to be teaching in electronic current instead of conventional current for some god damn reason.
Saved for later.
Another awesome educational resource is edX's [Circuits and Electronics 1](https://www.edx.org/course/circuits-electronics-1-basic-circuit-mitx-6-002-1x).

This was the pilot course of MITx (a few months before edX was formed) and is probably the single highest-quality online course on any topic that I've ever seen. It was used to test the viability of the general MOOC concept and the quality of their software platform, so a lot more work went into making it than many other courses (on any platform).
Internal 500 circuits
Learned all I needed from Fallout 4 settlement constructin
This will really help my redstone builds in Minecraft.
I just bought a new soldering iron set for only €12,- with a lot of stuff in it and I was looking for an excuse to use it. This might help. I also want to learn it better, because my father wanted to learn it to me, and unfortunately that isn't possible anymore.

So if someone knows something that I can "solder(?)" that would be really appreciated :) I also want to use it for my grow box, no not weed, just super hot peppers and has a lot of electricity and stuff looks bad now. Peppers almost grow exactly like cannabis, and need to same environment.
This, for me, is hands down the best site. Don't be fooled by the 1990s layout. All the knowledge here is pure gold, and free.

http://www.talkingelectronics.com/te_interactive_index.html
This is great, I've been meaning to learn about this stuff for a long  time now.
Site's down
This website saved my lab reports this semester! Would recommend
&gt;500 - Internal Server Error

Guys I think we killed it :(
Greetings mflboys. Unfortunately your submission has been removed from /r/InternetIsBeautiful for the following reason(s):

* Reddit has hugged this website to death. We are removing temporarily until the site can recover. Please leave us a mod mail message when your site has recovered.



*[Message the Mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/InternetIsBeautiful&amp;subject=My submission was removed&amp;message=I have a question regarding the removal of this [submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/comments/3uye94/site_where_you_can_learn_all_about_electrical/\):) if you feel this was in error*. Thank you!
it ded :(
Anything for mechanical engineers (especially pumps)?
Shout outs to cloudflare for saving the site
My understanding is that our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ comes down from Heaven and lights up our world.

I have a suspicion this is the Devil's work, brothers.
So I guess spending all that time and money getting my electrical engineering degree was a waste. damn. 
Always looking for and learning new ideas even after 30 years working with electronics.
What does hug of death mean?
I hire electrical engineers from all over the world-- if you feel this was a link to a picture of my jobsite.
Ohm my god, this is the thing I've been meaning to learn this.
I need to same environment.
This site saved my ass from my shitty Tech103 professor.
Back in the US and the content is refreshed to make it but you forgot about it a lot earlier lol I'd love to have a play with this.
remind me: 2 weeks
Might have been a while.
Hmm. Juicy source. Thanks!
They missed a golden opportunity to name their website "All My Circuits"
Owner of this site is a Free Mason.
Im a working on my Electrical Computer engineering degree and I use this site religiously, it gives a good overview but I would not use it to learn the material, rather to solidify somethign youre not sure about
There's also Element14.com and EEVBlog.com, both are pretty good communities with loads of information 
I thought it was the official soap opera's website that Bender likes
CircuitLab is a nice cash tip.
[Also 123D circuits](http://123d.circuits.io) is a pretty cool site
Arthur Weasley came to mind
Nice try NSA. Stop the bulk phone collections and check the people who go to this site. I see the game ;). 
For semiconductors, nothing beats the Britney Spears' Guide to Semiconductor Physics

http://britneyspears.ac/lasers.htm
Where was this when I got a D in elementary circuits 
it's beautiful! 
As an Electrician Apprentice going through technical training right now with many exams coming up this had me really excited.... and then VERY let down 


Edit:  what? It *is* for me?! I thought it was computer circuits. 
Message the Mods if you click on the forums that are the real deal and I was only half joking.
man i could have really used this during my time at university doing EE.
Useless if my phone can not bookmark it.
Another electronics engineering student here, thanks for this resource!
Crazy. Tony, the guy that wrote all these, is the head of the instrumentation program and teaches second year students at my tech school. Its pretty cool that you dont need money for textbooks and stuff because you can download it for free or buy it at the school for around the price of printing if you dont wanna do digital. 
looking at the worksheets its way more comprehensive then i expected
I thought this was "All My Circuits"
Sweeeeet. Between this, that Python learning site, and college I'll be the best damn engineer in the world. 
Not to poop on your parade, but this site many years ago to refresh myself in preparation for a while now.
All My Circuits would've been a better name.
Shout outs to cloudflare for saving the site
Thanksss
Thanks. I'm watching these. Guy is pronouncing Nucleus "nuk-u-lus" over &amp; over in these chapter 2 videos. Oh lord. I'll make it though.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/marshallbrain] [Site where you can learn all about electrical circuits and how they work.](https://np.reddit.com/r/MarshallBrain/comments/3v9oyi/site_where_you_can_learn_all_about_electrical/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Ty op, looks like a good resource to refresh my knowledge for my Junior Engineer exam.
They missed a really great opportunity to call it "All My Circuits"
Thank you. That site is gold.
or as all the profs would say "it's simple, everything is V = IR"
Missed a golden oppurtunity to name the site All My Circuits
Missed oppertunity.

Could have named it 'All My Circuits'
I'm disappointed they didn't call it "All My Circuits"...
This is nothing compared to actually getting an education in electrical engineering.
Nice site. here we can learn lot of thing about Electrical Circuits. 

All The best ... Keep  Post on you site.
Engineering student here, this site many years ago to refresh myself in preparation for a while now.
What about magnets? 
it will be my great helper, all the knowledge will help me know more about tech gadgets
.
Lol All My Circuits. 
Cool, Your Redstone is going to be impressive and attractive website.
I opted out of Circuit Theory for a reason when i was in school, but thanks anyway.  However, this site many years ago to refresh myself in preparation for a while now.
that was pretty damn neat. 
Oddly beautiful, in multiple ways. Lays out the incredible speed with which we document and update our knowledge, and yet is very soothing and pleasing to the ear.
Wikipedia has a new user, CueTheStringQuartet! Welcome!
Go to website, first note I see is the Spanish Inquisition. Didn't expect that.
I could fall asleep to this. I wonder if there is another website that has lots of randomly generate music in different sounds. 
Clicked it.

First page to update:

Anal sex.

Nice.
It says what the colors represent, and that a larger edit makes a deeper note, but does the size of the dot also correlate to the size of the edit, or something else? Some of the larger dots don't seem to make a deeper note, and some of the smaller ones do. I guess, it seems intuitive that the size of the dot would correlate to the size of the ~~shit~~ dot, but to me that doesn't always appear to be the case. 

Edit: Dot, autocorrect, dot! I promise that wasn't on purpose. 
Holy shit, "Wikipedia has a new user: Fuckyou Reddit"
Does any of you have any idea how something like this is accomplished? Be as technical as you'd like.

How can I start learning to do cool /r/InternetIsBeautiful worthy stuff?

edit: Thank you all for the great answers. I'll definitely start checking those out.
Very relaxing and peaceful!
That... kind of blew my mind.
This is awesome. I love the deep strings when a new user joins.
Shameless self-plug inbound. I used that website in a personal art project of mine while at university ([link](http://www.miloszkowal.com/creation#/welcome-to-the-internet/))! I pulled radio stations, the mentioned Wikipedia link, as well as BitListen (listed below). The underscore is the audio representation of wifi waves ([link](http://thecreatorsproject.vice.com/blog/this-man-can-hear-wi-fi)).

Some other awesome, similar sounds:

* The Human Genome Music Project (already listed below)
* [You Are Listening To](http://youarelistening.to/chicago). Pulls live police feeds and overlays them with ambient music.
* [BitListen](http://www.bitlisten.com/). Same as the Wikipedia one, but for Bitcoin transactions.
I can't hear anything on mobile :\
I clicked into lots of the edits, and the (seemingly) poor quality astounded me. In so many cases it appeared useful information was removed and some other random crap in it's place.

I'm hoping that there are companion edits that put it all back together neatly. It looks like a total mess!
That was gorgeous. Thanks for sharing!
First two things that pop up are "Heavy Metal Bass" and "Gang bang Porn".
I happened to catch an edit war, about whether or not Crimea and the COA in Iraq constitute "puppet states".

* [Revert 1](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Puppet_state&amp;diff=prev&amp;oldid=692192042)
* [Edit 1](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Puppet_state&amp;diff=prev&amp;oldid=692328134)
* [Revert 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Puppet_state&amp;diff=prev&amp;oldid=692522927)
* [Edit 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Puppet_state&amp;diff=prev&amp;oldid=692523117)
* [Revert 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Puppet_state&amp;diff=prev&amp;oldid=692523643)
Thanks to this, I was able to notice and correct vandalism to James Avery's Wikipedia page.

Don't fuck with Uncle Phil.
Sounds like a Sigur Ros song. 
Signed up to Wikipedia just to hear my string section （＾ω＾）
Wikipedia has a new user, WIKIPEDIA IS SJW , Welcome!

Oh my
The first thing: "Game Grumps" checked it and it was a Drump meme added in to replace the content. Lmao.
Good background music, might start having this on in the background when I do stuff.
Welp. A huge update on Gangbang pornography.
Makes me think of either Minecraft or Sigur Ros.
This is strangely relaxing. Thanks! 
Would be cool to see this presented in different keys/scales!
Amazing and interesting. Also very fucking nerdy at the same time. The internet is wonderful.. This is pure art from this century
It's really cool if you have [all of them checked.](http://listen.hatnote.com/#uk,fr,sv,en,he,as,pa,ml,or,pl,sr,fi,no,mk,bg,sa,mr,te,hi,id,ar,nl,ja,de,ru,it,es,fa,zh,bn,ta,kn,gu,be,hu,wikidata) 
"Jeff" certainly is getting updated a lot. More so than any other article. That's strange
I also like that if one of the edits catches your eye, you can click on the circle to be taken there. :D
This is strangely relaxing.
I feel like I'm playing agar.io
While watching this website I was entranced by the nice sounds and the wonders of the internet as well as humanities desire to share knowledge and study new things. I was contemplating how close we actually are to the utopian societies we like to depict in science fiction stories and then right in the middle of the screen a circle popped up saying 'Cock and ball torture'. 

I'm all back in reality now.
you can fucking see the world's intelligence grow
First thing I got was "New user: Dankestmeme."
Man, it's like a never-ending Ambient song. Awesome!
Ooooo and clickable links to the revisions, very nice.
One of THE trippiest things I've seen on reddit, and I don't know why.
Wow I might actually bookmark this one
This is fantastic to have on during studying. Great find, thanks for posting.
just heard a nice tone tied to the updating of the article for "Lolicon".

( ._.)

other than that, this thing is fucking awesome.
Coolest site I've seen in a while. Also gave me cause to look up "corrective rape" because I had absolutely no idea what that was.
Ah, the beutiful sounds of *Corrective rape*…
Good job vandalizing, reddit.

https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?diff=692507114&amp;oldid=692507016
[I love you guys.](https://i.imgur.com/DNvWIBu.png)
what was the biggest edit you guys saw while in there? some dude who knew a lot about The Ballantynes made a ball with the diameter of almost my screen height

edit: some dude made one that was definitely the height of my screen about Alfredo Gutiérrez Ortiz Mena
It sounds like Vietnamese tranquility music. Real mellow and chill
That is so beautiful. It makes me feel a little bit less lonely, to know there are so many people and so much information out there
So [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jeff&amp;oldid=692518658) was the very first edit that popped up...

The dank memes, man.
Zen
Damn...that like blows my mind

I created an account just so I can see my name and hear the music. 
this is some trippy shit
Holy crap this is so... soothing.
Well that was interesting to see someone fix the resource links on the Missionary Position article.
I'm saving this, this is the most creative method of listening to each willing individual around the world contribute to an amazing community-driven website.
Can we please FUND this operation / organisation better?

It always breaks my heart when I see the CEO and founder beg for money during a certain period of time every year.

Been donating each year for an extended period of time now. I wish we would all give something back on a regular basis to keep this magnificence of human kind preserved and evergrowing.
&gt;Wikipedia has a new user: Le.reddit.army44444

Oh shit
this is neat! thanks :D
Good to see Cock &amp; Ball Torture is still a relevant topic.
I was entranced until I saw the update "cock and ball torture" hahaha
"Cock and Ball Torture" gave the prettiest musical note. ಠ_ಠ
If Hitler isn't a loud tuba BLART I'm going to be severely disappointed.
I'd love if this looked at the IP of editors and then overlayed it over a map as well!
What does the size of the circle indicate for each thing?
I could fall asleep to that.
Like a wind chime that builds your knowledge. Fascinating. 
I opened it and the first article updated was "Anal cleansing"...
That was so relaxing to listen to, and seeing all the topics that were being updated was really cool. It feels a little surreal.
It doesn't work for me...
Wikipedia has a new user UltimatePoopDick. 
Welcome LeRedditArmyHasArrived
I'm surprised it took so long for that username to pop up
"List of convicted child rapists" Well that got dark fast
I don't believe in the entire "Don't use Wikipedia as a learning too" crap - there are enough people with extensive knowledge of many subjects, if someone posted something incorrect, it would be fixed or reverted almost immediately.
Thats awesome.
Just bookmarked the page. Kind of some cool chill background music. Thanks, whoever!
I was high af last night at 2 am and fell asleep to this when I found it. 10/10 would blaze again. Oh yeah and also listen to this I guess
"It's gonna be a sad day when all that music stops." /u/eternallauren
Reminds me of the old sounds/music of Minecraft.
"Religious male circumcision" three times. 
That is the most soothing thing I have ever had grace my ears.
I saved this for something to sleep to 
This is brilliant, the internet IS beautiful.. mostly.
Ah, that's brilliant!  Perfect ambiance!
yes, randomly generated notes in the same key sound good together.
This is brilliant. Thank you for sharing!
Lots of "Captain America: Civil War" for me.
people say morton feldman was a good composer, but he blatantly stole this site's idea
It's lovely!
That was actually really interesting. 
I clicked through on one of the [changes](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?diff=692505593&amp;oldid=692120075). Someone trying to be funny.
Open page, first ping note is "Corrective rape," close page.
That sounded quite a lot like the music from minecraft.

On another note, how many wikipedias would we need to eventually get the complete works of Bach?
Comment

Currently using this to fall asleep with... 

be back tomorrow, going to sleep now
Absolutely amazing! this is my new background sound for using the computer

That almost relaxed me to sleep.
I can fap to this.
I'm not hearing any sounds.
I got to witness user fuckyoureddit come into being. Well played, good sire.
Shout out to REDDIT SUCKS DICK on your new membership.
Well, I know what I'm falling asleep to now.
I could fall asleep to this
Best repost
Haha I just updated my School wikipedia on a separate window, and watched it pop up on this screen! Cool!
You can also scroll down to Languages to connect to other language Wikipedia's and see the edits be made at an astonishing speed (More sounds as well).
It definitely helped this music major get a start on a lot like the music from minecraft.
This makes me so happy.
:)
It's Minecraft's new background music. 
DING  
Someone just contributed to the world.
*open the site*

oh wow this is really peaceful and calmi-***BWAAAANNNGGGG***
I feel the same key sound good together.
I can't stop clicking on them to see the changes.. Some are pretty amusing..
There's an [iPhone app](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/listen-to-wikipedia/id832934300?mt=8) as well.
Is there a wikipedia page about this page? Would that create a feedback loop?
Wikipedia has a new user registration music!
Now if everyone donated $2 we would be able to notice and correct vandalism to James Avery's Wikipedia page.
It's a much less measurable sense of awe each time i open it.
Pretty interesting!
You can easily see the blatant censorship of pages with this also.
"German Brazilian" never forget
Off topic question; what is the name of the instrument used for that sound when a new user join? And what should I search for to find full music piece with this instrument?

My English is not that good to figure out the correct names so I would be much appreciated for help.
This just became my smoke break theme song
Someone just put the entire Bee Movie script on the "Johnny Test" page. Which might actually make the show better, TBH.
now if we can add something rhythmic.
I was listening and watching that and a wikipedia page on my highschool popped up. I don't even want to know the odds on that. And it's a small town in new Zealand.
\[WP\] http://listen.hatnote.com/ has been silent for a full minute
What would be truly beautiful would be if we could replace the soft tones with Tim Allen grunts.
Does anyone know what sound library/pack is being used for the string symphony?

Longshot I know but I would love to be able to play around with that effect and see what I could end up producing!
Cooooooooooool....
This is super duper fucking entertaining.
Create a new artical
Nothing like opening this and witnessing a majestetic spectacle of music unfold with the opening note of "Sylvester Stallone".
The largest bubble that appeared when I was watching it was chastity belt. Why so big Wikipedia?
damn i forgot how extensive wikipedia is.

just went on to the page for mongolian bible translations
How is this accomplished? Is it an estimation of updates based on the avg updates per day or is there some endpoint that pushes each change?
I tried to use it but I'm just getting "Error" next to any wiki I try to enable. Any suggestions on how to fix it?
[Of course](http://imgur.com/6Invypa)
Does anyone know why there are so few Bot edits shown in this? I would've thought bots would be the most prolific form of small edits but I have only seen one bot contribution in the five minutes I have been watching the site.
When i click on one of the circles, i find it hard to understand what part has been changed? how does it work
Similar to how whales cry out in the ocean to one another.

Wiki pages too communicate to one another; sounds of happiness, pain, excitement and even frustration can be distinguished across the wikipeadal voice range.

[this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/What_a_Time_to_Be_Alive) was edited while I was watching

"What a Time to Be Alive" popped up

Heh
Didn't expect the new user sounds.
I spent far too much time on that website...
Recent changes: gang bang
Beautiful. Brings the dynamics of the virtual space to life. Interesting to know how the pitch/instruments relate to the content.
Do green and white circles have any meaning, and their size and the tone? Or is it just there for pure aesthetics?
&gt;DID YOU KNOW: Black Friday stemmed from slavery? It was the day after Thanksgiving when slave traders would sell slaves for a discount to assist plantation owners with more helpers for the upcoming winter (for cutting and stacking fire wood, winterproofing etc.), hence the name ...

https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?diff=692534822&amp;oldid=692534517

Thanks 84.202.212.49
Reminds me of ambient music in old RTS games!
Beautiful and awe inspiring, in so many ways. I wonder: is there a specific name for this kind of music? I mean that feels like it is procedurally generated, somehow.
DavidCannon is editing something in a bunch of china towns
Watching this you realise the vest amount of pages on Wikipedia.
This is beautiful! Thank you for posting this. 

And Thank you Wikipedia! I owe you so much!!
Thank god this is musical and not BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP
Listened to all of Reddit being updated and it sounded like the proverbial *roomful of monkey and typewriters*. 
"German Brazilian" never forget
John Cage would love this. It's very much so in the essence of chance music.  
It says what the colors represent, and that a larger edit makes a deeper note, but does the size of the dot also correlate to the size of the edit, or something else? Some of the larger dots don't seem to make a deeper note, and some of the smaller ones do. I guess, it seems intuitive that the size of the dot would correlate to the size of the shit dot, but to me that doesn't always appear to be the case.
Edit: Dot, autocorrect, dot! I promise that wasn't on purpose.
Watching vandalism be done and undone is especially interesting/amusing.

&gt;[(12 bytes) (-4426) Replaced content with Adolf Hitler](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Collapse_%282008_video_game%29&amp;oldid=692542434)

Well, at least that was an honest edit summary. 
I do not have sound at work but this sounds awesome.
Cool
I've listened to this for years but for some reason, it won't work behind the firewall at my new job. 
They updated a list of Pink Floyd band members as i was watching... uh oh... who died.. 
It's awesome! thanks.
Now *this* is a link worthy of this subreddit's name.

I could seriously meditate to this.
Better than most of the modern crap we get nowadays.
It's like Brian Eno did this.
"Wikipedia has a new user! HEYREDDITUSERfuckyou!"
We need something like this for Google searches. Although it would sound like black MIDI. 
what do the different colors mean?
Jesus, this is amazing.
Play Drake 'Hotline Bling' with this. Oddly satisfying.
Is there any correlation in the size of the circles like the bigger the update the bigger the circle?
It works for real, I edited Cities:Skylines on pollution (it used to say air, water and noise and I changed it to land, water and noise. And a note came that said "Cities:Skylines"
So, who just removed the whole COD:MW2 article and just wrote "weed" instead ? I know it's one of you.
amazing!
I CANT KEEP UP!
Excellent.

I'm glad there's an option to turn off the BOOMING 'new user entering' sound.
wow!

so in awe of the person who developed it! smart enough to code something like that, and artistic enough to make it that...serene
Home spa music.
TIL the mad max (2015) Wikipedia page was updated. 
Incest
Really cool! I just wish the string swells would resolve up a fourth every other time. 
I like the design and color palette. Kinda want it as my phone wallpaper. 
produced by Brian Eno :D
Pretty interesting!
It's not working for me wtf
F# Major anyone (?)
I can't hear it? I'm on Reddit blue. Also opened it in safari. Still no sound. 
"It’s among the worst counties in the U.S. in helping poor children up the income ladder. It ranks 2nd out of 2,478 counties, better than almost no county in the nation."

Interesting
My VPN is in Sweden, so I just see Manhattan as the default.
Yay bottom 10%
Well that was depressing...

"Consider Baltimore City, our best guess for where you might be reading this article.... It’s among the worst counties in the U.S. in helping poor children up the income ladder. It ranks 15th out of 2,478 counties, better than almost no county in the nation. It is relatively worse for poor boys than it is for poor girls. Although bad for poor children, it is somewhat better for higher-income children."

Jesus...
Nifty
Wow I live in rural Montana and it almost feels like someone actually cared enough to write an in depth article 
I live in Chicago and spent the first few paragraphs of this story being totally amazed at the detail and effort they must have put into writing up each county. I figured they knew my location and just started me there. 

edit: I could have sworn I read some sentence about Cook County being the main focus of the project, but now I can't find it. I apologize for my dumb.
Grew up in one of the best places to be poor, apparently.
I'm currently a paying subscriber of this newspaper. Man am I satisfied with it.

Thursday they unveiled a new app for virtual reality videos.

They are really miles ahead of about any serious pulitzer-winning newspaper. Most websites either have serious reporting with dated platforms, or up to date platforms with more casual reporting. NYT has it all.
"Cook County is extremely bad for income mobility for children in poor families. It is among the worst counties in the U.S."

Well shit. 
In UK. It showed me New York.
Can I just say minnesota and Iowa are the best places to grow up
So where I live, Johnson County, TX we are in the top 93%, but Tarrant county directly above us is only ranked 39%. It's crazy what a few miles and imaginary lines can change.
My home country was in the 92nd percentile! Yay rural Midwest!
"Very Good" master race
The article for me, in summary:
At least you don't live in Gary. Close call. 
The quality of the layout of these NYT articles has been getting better and better. Color me impressed. 
Interesting. My county ranks well in helping poor children move up the income ladder and for girls across all income levels, but it's terrible if you're a boy in an average income or higher family.
Also works for parishes, too. You forgot about Louisiana didn't you?
[420 blaze it, San Francisco Bay](http://imgur.com/c7Eeu2p)
87th out of 2,478 counties

I wonder if nc had any counties in the positive.
TIL That Ontario, Canada is in Manhattan.
Whep, apparently my county it's good to be born a girl in a rich or 1% family, everyone else is screwed.
There was a piece on NPR about writing automation, that journalists, too, will be falling pray to roboticization at some point. I believe the Chicago Tribune or the NY Times said they're already using the technology and while it's solo based on stated information and facts, the end goal is to humanize the writing as much as possible. Very creepy indeed.
It says the median rent in Denver is $780.
Heh Manhattan is terrible for any child, regardless of family income. 
Well shit. TIL I've grwon up in one of the worst places in the USA.

Edit: Literally bottom 1%
NO, it doesn't, the counties (2) relevent to me simply say "No Data"... wtf, i knew it was a shitty area but wow.
No it doesn't!

/someone from EU
Misread the title as country - thought I'd broken the article when it thought I was in New York, rather than UK. Must pay more attention in class....
Wooo top 5% baby!
Canada here. Manhattan. 
"Children who move at earlier ages are less likely to become single parents, more likely to go to college and more likely to earn more."

Is this true in general?  Or only if you live in a poor area?
One of the worst in the country apparently. God I hate Illinois.
Top 63%?  Well that sure is interesting.
TIL that my county is one of the worst counties for poor kids in the entire country
"better than only about 5 percent of counties"
God I love living in Detroit. 
Most websites would have stopped with the map, I like this. 
I'm on a road trip, so this is some interesting background
As if I didn't want to kill myself enough. Live in a fucking shithole lol
Wow the midwest is killing it
I live in London. I really don't know what I expected by following this link...
Hm, it seems to default me 5 counties away from where I live. Maybe because I'm on 4G?
Lol, my county (Greene, OH) is bad for all kids of all income brackets, even the top 1%, knew my hometown kinda sucked, although I still like it (haven't lived there for years though).
):    fuck.

How informative.
Welp. I'm screwed financially. My dad only makes 15k annually, so I'm looking at 12k if I'm lucky. 
Duchesne County, Utah
It ranks 2,473rd out of 2,478 counties, better than almost every county in the nation.

Feel free to move into our county. The nearest mall is 175 miles away and it's not advisable to make the trip in winter. We also got a Taco Bell last month, so things are really looking up.
Anyone else find this kind of responsive site stuff quite irritating? It makes referencing a section/paragraph when discussing the content a pain. Sites should display the same content whatever your device / location (though this isn't as bad as mobile sites).
That's clever, but I learned more about where my ISP geographically assigns their static IP addresses than where I live... 
Could easily have been done more concisely and informatively with a simple graph or table.  And it would have been more educational to touch on how they came to their conclusions.  Thanks NYT, for helping people miss the forest for the trees.  (Sorry, but it's true.)
It's like that "people in [insert city here] were engraged when they heard about this new law" *finger pointing at 87 grade gasoline*

Edit: fucked it up yo
&gt; If you’re poor and live in Alaska, it’s better to be in Kenai Peninsula Borough than in Bethel Census Area or Nome Census Area. 

Alaska's so empty they don't even bother with counties, just vague regions where humans might exist.
This is how the AI plans on herding us into convenient kill zones.
This,study ignored a key underlying reason for why people move. The affluent families can afford to uproot from NYC to the wealthy suburban conclaves of Putnam or Bergen county as soon as they have a child. So of course the more time said child spend growing up in Putnam the better her own economic standing by virtue of coming from a wealthy and more well connected family. The impact of other country specific features like level of segregation etc are eclipsed by this single gigantic factor.
How do they determine what county you're in?  It said I was somewhere near Savannah, GA when I'm actually in Charleston, SC.  
wow this is crazy, i've lived my whole life in London and only now do i find out im actually from Manhattan 
Nifty, but slightly concerning considering I didn't see anything that popped up saying something like "this site wants to use your location". I wonder how they did it.
"Consider Genesee County, Mich., the focus of this article.

It’s among the worst counties in the U.S. in helping poor children up the income ladder. It ranks 4th out of 2,478 counties, better than almost no county in the nation. "

And on top of that im in flint. Honestly though the cost of living is nearly nothing here, so if ya can manage to make 40k a year you have lots of expendable income. I'm purchasing a nice house that doesn't need any work for only 20k. Brand new well, new windows, nice basement, new carpet, and in a decent area too. A nice 2 bedroom bachelor pad for myself.
Woah, so the map itself shows where I grew up and the article and tables refers to where I live now. NYC suburbs vs East PA/Philly metro. 
HOW DOES IT KNOW???? WTF

Edit: nevermind, it appears the map is static.. 
Personalized journalism, the future is here!
Impressive, very impressive! 
I don't need a graph to tell me I'm struggling to get by. But at least it's slightly comforting knowing that other people ae struggling too. Is that sick?
talk about two faced
"It’s among the worst counties in the U.S. in helping poor children up the income ladder. It ranks 17th out of 2,478 counties, better than almost no county in the nation."

RIP my county.
Huh - the middle of the country is awash in blue (or relatively "good") counties. Why is that?
It says I am in Maricopa County. Not even close? 
Huh, didn't know my county was that bad.
Um. I think their info is off.... Or they're using only money and not standard of living, opportunities or substitutes in their equation.
The county I live in is apparently better than 83% of counties.
But if I switch the income percentile to 99th, it becomes one of the worst counties in the U.S.
data bind data bind data bind data bind data bind
Mensalien's Butler, reporting in.

I'm an 8 percenter as is he.

But I'm a fucking Butler.  I hate doorbells.  They murdered my Mother.

God rest her soul.
&gt;It’s below average in helping poor children up the income ladder. It ranks 829th out of 2,478 counties, better than about 33 percent of counties. It is relatively worse for poor boys than it is for poor girls. 

Can confirm; NEPA is kinda shit.
Started from the bottom?
&gt; Location matters – enormously. If you’re poor and live in the Providence area, it’s better to be in Bristol County than in Washington County or Bristol County.

Hmm maybe this article writing algorithm needs a few tweaks.
2 counties away. Close enough.
Nifty
Subtracting $0 each year doesn't sound too bad...
In summary, my county is terrible for poor kids and really awesome for rich kids. Oh so is that why I walked to school everyday while my friends drove up in their Audi's and Mustang's...  /s
I want to know where they're finding these less than $600 rentals in my county
Area Man
Top 6%!
Hell yeah! Better than only 11% of other counties. 
):    fuck.

How informative.
Hmm...  I think the data may be out of date based on the footnote at the bottom of the article for Manhattan:
&gt;Estimates are based on children born between 1980 and 1986, and their neighborhoods in the 1980s and 1990s.     

The Manhattan of the 80's and 90's was a way different place than Manhattan today. In addition it states that rents in Manhattan are based on data from the year 2000 (Median rent is for 2000, in 2012 dollars). I was wondering why it said the median rent is Manhattan is $986. A quick google search found that the average rent in Manhattan for September 2015 is $3,995. 

Apparently my county is very good for poor boys and girls in the San Francisco Area but bad for rich children and children belonging to the 1%.
I feel dumb, I don't really understand what this information means, or how growing up in a certain location can affect your income in adulthood (that's what it's saying, right?).

I moved all over as a child, and I'm having a hard time imagining how any of it could have affected my income right now.

I should learn about this "income mobility" thing. Right now it just makes me imagine a bag of money rolling around.

Edit:
&gt; But New York appeared above average in part because it has a large number of immigrants, who have good rates of upward mobility no matter where they live

So, immigrants are immune to whichever factors affect mobility for everyone else? That seems like a pretty important thing to understand.
Well, according to this a good amount of people in my county are fucked :/
neat
&gt;What to post:

&gt;Top-level domains.

Is this still a thing for this sub or no?
Thanks for making me feel bad NY Times!
Top 28% 
Nice, further confirmation that I live in a complete shithole.
Mine specifically said I would have been better off growing up in the next county....
I don't know what to make of the fact that my county is pretty good (&gt;+$2,000) for poor boys and rich girls, but just okay for the inverse categories. Interesting, anyway. 
It seems to me like places that people don't want to move to unless they already have a job are at an advantage economically.
How is this relevant to the cost of living?  Obviously a poor child in a county with a lower cost of living is going to be better off than a poor child in a county with a higher cost of living.  This is a dumb article.
This article is depressing. Thank you,  New York Times. 
r/internetiscreepy
Alabama is pretty interesting.  It's one of the worst places for poor people to live, but one of the best for rich people.
Awesome 7% woot!
Lol. NYT
I live in the first county mentioned in the article. Fml
Well it's entirely wrong about my location. There is 0 mobility here. If you're poor in this cow county you nee dot leave because globalization smashed this place. There is no entry level work of any variety here. And there's really no educated work either. None of this was discussed.
Top 10% lol
My county "...is better than about 91 percent of counties." And I live in freaking Kansas! that's something.
For poor boys -$810 For poor girls +$500 For rich boys +$1.6k For rich girls +$1k. Man what's with the poor boys in my county…
2,453rd out of 2,478.

Top 99%.  We may have really ugly hookers and no big city or sports teams, but Wyoming is good for growing up in at least!
12%'r here, contra costa county, Ca
Weird how they are calling Brooklyn "Kings"
It’s among the best counties in the U.S. in helping poor children up the income ladder. It ranks 2,467th out of 2,478 counties, better than almost every county in the nation. 

Yep, feels good. 
Glad I'm not poor?
Yay.. Living in Germany, it used Man hatten :D
What counties are top rated? I searched every County I've ever lived in (a large number, though primarily on the southeastern coast) and every single one was bad or terrible.
Looks like Midwest is the best place to live for poor people. Especially Minnesota and Iowa. 
Growing up in Campbell County, Wyoming I was aware that the area was very well off. When 2008 came rolling around, I was of course well aware of the troubles, but the day to day life of my middle class family was not significantly affected.

The information that lead to Campbell County being 2,453 out of 2,478 is only a little surprising to me. The Powder River Basin has a lot of mines, which provide well paying jobs to people; these jobs have very low education requirements. I met a man in 2010 that walked from Denver to look for a job; he was certainly in the right place. The depth in the article was pretty surprising to me, however. "If you’re poor and live in Wyoming, it’s better to be in Campbell County than in Albany County or Fremont County. Not only that, the younger you are when you move to Campbell, the better you will do on average. Children who move at earlier ages are less likely to become single parents, more likely to go to college and more likely to earn more." 
Palm Beach County It’s among the worst counties in the U.S. in helping poor children up the income ladder. It ranks 160th out of 2,478 counties, better than only about 6 percent of counties. It is relatively worse for poor boys than it is for poor girls.

This map is what anyone who says, "discrimination isn't so much a racial issue, its an economic issue," should look at. It's pretty much poor and black? Red. Poor and white? Blue.
lol it named the wrong county.
Uh, it says I'm in Oregon but I think I'm in Asheville. One of us is wrong.

79% but i live in the poorer area of it so dont be intimidated..
Best county in Georgia!
My county is in the top 15% and that's kind of on the low end for my state, Iowa rocks!
98%
"Children who move at earlier ages are less likely to become single parents, more likely to go to college and more likely to earn more."

Is this true in general?  Or only if you live in a poor area?
This is awesome to see. My brother did a lot of work on this data to help get this article out. Too bad where I live is 'very bad.'
Yeah Houston, TX, what a shithole! Glad we are two weeks from leaving this oozing sore of poverty, crime and ignorance.  Anyone have any neighborhood suggestion for Camberra, Australia?
&gt;How much extra money a county causes children in poor families to make, compared with children in poor families nationwide.


This sentence is confusing.  
Huh. As a Canadian, it gives me the article for Manhattan. Wonder if there's a reason or if it's just a default. 
My county is average at everything I hate it.
"Wayne County is extremely bad for income mobility for children in poor families. It is among the worst counties in the U.S."  
  
What did you expect out of Detroit?
I live right off the sweet spot in the midwest... in the bottom 17% only an hour away from a county in the top 3%
Not very well:

&gt; If you’re poor and live in the Providence area, it’s better to be in *Bristol County* than in Washington County or *Bristol County*.
Doesn't seem to load for me.
I wonder if we could get something like this for Canada.
&gt;If you’re poor and live in the Providence area, it’s better to be in Bristol County than in Washington County or Bristol County.

I think it's getting tired.
I, for one, welcome our robot overlords.
"Collin County, Texas"

I guess my VPN is working. I am not in Texas. Not even close.
So essentially, living in a city is bad for you.  Living around a city is good for you
https://31.media.tumblr.com/122e34c90039581a9e515fd26ddc455d/tumblr_nwksx9ZWMr1uzmph9o1_250.gif

This article is meaningless. I live 5 minutes down the street from several rich areas (with names like Carington and Tutwieler) yet I also live 5 minutes from Gate City and Eastlake. That's a pretty vast difference in a 10 mile span.
Hudson County NJ checking in! Impressive that had I not known otherwise I'd have happily ready this and assumed it was specifically written for the local audience here as opposed to being dynamically generated based on the readers location!
I am writing a article on housing discrimination against blacks for highschool. How can I tie this into my argument
Nice try NY Times, I'm not falling for this click bait
What I learned: there are no good parts of my state, only less bad parts.
It doesn't "rewrite" itself - it just has various versions depending where you live. It's a dynamic page, not static.
Bergen County: our poor people are better than your poor people.
It's clever, but not too clever!  There are two different Bristol Counties near me.  Hence...

" If you’re poor and live in the Providence area, it’s better to be in Bristol County than inWashington County or Bristol County."

Still, very neat stuff!
Nice. Except it is completely wrong. At least for my local area. I know for a fact the place it thinks I should move to is worse off.
When you live in Montgomery County...
This thinks I'm in Wayne county (where Detroit, mi is) and I'm in Oakland county.
Missed my county by a lot.  
One of the contributors is Matthew Bloch who developed d3.js. He is probably on of the leaders in making the internet beautiful. 
To bad I live in a parish.
Magic.
Man, so far it seems everyone's diagnoses are bad. Maybe it's just an America thing.

I'm in LA County and this article is making me feel like a bad parent for living here.
Ok. Tell me something I don't know...

Location matters – enormously. If you’re poor and live in the Cleveland area, it’s better to be in Medina County than in Summit County or Cuyahoga County. Not only that, the younger you are when you move to Medina, the better you will do on average. Children who move at earlier ages are less likely to become single parents, more likely to go to college and more likely to earn more.
I live a good 30 minutes or so from Rochester, NY and it looks like we still have the fallout from the murder capital of New York.
"[Warren County, NJ] ranks 1,660th out of 2,478 counties, better than about 67 percent of counties."

This math is wrong lmao, try 1-.67
My county in Connecticut ranks in the bottom 11 percent for income mobility (275th out of 2,478 counties), but the county at a diagonal to us is better for income mobility than 88% of the others (2,184th out of 2,478 counties).

Unfortunately, I can't afford to move there.
Inaccurate data.  I wish my rent was that low or even a logical number - $1,100 for rent? Maybe if I am living in a senior community!  

 
It thinks I'm in the wrong county. 
Could easily have been done more concisely and informatively with a simple graph or table.  And it would have been more educational to touch on how they came to their conclusions.  Thanks NYT, for helping people miss the forest for the trees.  (Sorry, but it's true.)
Put me in LA. I'm not in LA.
Tfw Richest country for guys and girls. Chester county&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
My county is apparently in the 15th percentile for improving the income potential of "rich kids" (75th percentile nationally), but we're in the top 25 richest counties by median household income (which would put a median household from our county in roughly the 90th percentile nationally). Even for "1%er" kids we're in the 13th percentile. It seems really strange that despite having great public schools and a wealthy, well-educated population, we're apparently very bad at improving income potential. I would have assumed that rich kids growing up in an area where the baseline middle-class salary is about double the national average would end up continuing to make far more than the national average.
This article said that my county (Bernalillo county) ranked 315th out of 2478 counties in helping poor children move up the income ladder. Then it said that this is only better than 11% of counties in this area. Maybe my math is wrong but this should be better than (1-315/2478)*100, or 82% of counties. Seems like this part of the article is wrong.  
I guess I'm lucky. I live in one of the best counties in the U.S. (Fairfax, VA)
But what if I don't live in any county?


Stupid Commonwealth. 
And it puts me in the wrong county, too!

Epic job, NYT!

Edit: And it looks like the "blue-est" counties are the worst places for the poor to live, too.

Edit 2: Aaaand it looks like the "best" places to live are places with virtually no work at all.  What's the point of this garbage?
I will agree it's an interesting approach to displaying local data and engaging a wider readership.

That said, I don't agree with how or why they're doing it.

The "reporting" part is a typical bunch of NYT liberal platitudes based strictly on numbers from generic studies and government statistics, with no actual local research to back up their "reported" claims of conditions or to substantiate projected outcomes.  

If this piece had been released by the Census Department or the Labor Department, we'd be in the right to call it propaganda.    The Chinese, Russians, North Koreans, Cubans, Venezuelans, and every other repressive regime could take lessons from this article on how to spread disinformation to their populace in this modern age.

Since it's from the Fourth Estate, it would be more honest to call this article an opinion piece, with automated display of carefully cherry picked data utilizing cleverly devised scripts to promote an agenda.  
Gee thanks:
" It is among the worst counties in the U.S."
Aww yiss, top 83%
Data for New York area looks weird. First of all, it states that Manhattan has an average rent of $986 in the year 2000. Really? Second of all Nassau and Brooklyn have large  gender gaps in rankings. That's surprising. I thought the results would be about the same for both genders, can't really think of what could cause the difference. Anyway, good info if I were a parent considering where to raise my kids in the year 1980. But alas the article isn't a forecast for 2015.
TIL everywhere sucks 
The median rent in Boulder is most definitely not $1000 :( 
I'm in the 25th income percentile haha
It's interesting my article is about a county about 200 miles from me. I'm in Duval, but it has me in Polk. 
This might not be such a big issue if we just taught financial responsibility (how to save, invest, grants, scholarships, what's an interest rate) in school before you take out loans for college. 
Ehh I grew up in Bergen County! 
"It’s among the worst counties in the U.S. in helping poor children up the income ladder. It ranks 2nd out of 2,478 counties, better than almost no county in the nation."

Interesting
"It ranks 154th out of 2,478 counties, better than only about 6 percent of counties."

Looks like someone forgot how to math. 
they seem to be hugely underestimating the price of each meal...  
"Easy Grilled Lemon Chicken" for $0.73?
"Is there a really similar thing that's completely different from this that makes the meals way easier and free to make?" -Everyone in comments
I tried this a million years ago but it suggested a day comprised entirely of chicken breasts and almonds for paleo.  It actually looks way better now! Three meals and the day actually has five servings of veggies and one of fruit. Maybe I should revisit this...Thanks!
This thing told me to eat 400g of cottage cheese in one sitting. 

No thank you EatThisMuch. No thank you.
Great site but I found the original (swole.me) to be much more modifiable and user friendly. 

However, as a PT I recommend this to all of my clients.
Set it to -200 kcal of what I should eat. It suggested chocolate shakes and chocolate corn flakes for breakfast and pepperoni pizza for lunch. Weight goal: bulk.
One story I've told on more than one occasion is that this site actually helped me lose a considerable amount of weight.

I found this place back in spring right here on /r/InternetIsBeautiful, got curious, and tried it out.

In April I got around creating an account, and started keeping track of my weight. I also started paying attention to this site's meal suggestions - not too precisely, but I tried to capture the essence of the suggestions: how much and what kind of stuff I should eat.

By July I had dropped 12kg. That was more than enough to make me officially normal weight. I had never in my life been normal-weight before.

It was pretty fantastic. It still is.

This site has quite literally changed my life in its own small way; it's special to me. That's why I think you all should see it. Maybe it can be special to you too.
This site seems really cool and I just got the free trial, but one thing that concerns me is that it doesn't seem to be able to factor in food that's already in your pantry.

For example, say it tells me to buy milk for my meals for the week, but I'm only going to be using a cup of milk for my recipes for the week. You can't just go to the store and buy one cup of milk, so say I buy half a gallon. This isn't just with milk, but with everything that you have to buy in bulk. This isn't so much a problem with flour or rice, but it is with perishable items.

Is there a way for the site to remember, for the next week, that you have that gallon of milk and will factor it into the next weeks recipes? If it was able to help you use things that were already in my pantry I'd happily pay the monthly fee because figuring out what to eat and how much to buy is something I really dislike doing and this would make my life so much easier.

If I'm wrong about this, please let me know because it's the only thing that's keeping me from using it. The site seems really useful otherwise.
Seemed great until they wanted a credit card for a free trial. Fuck that. 
The thing that bothers me about this site - because I *want* to love it - is that they have a toggle for meal complexity, but it doesn't really seem to work. When I say I want "simple" meals, I mean, like, an apple and a bowl of cereal. I *don't* mean spending 15 minutes hard-boiling eggs and then making oatmeal.

If they did a better job allowing me to specify the amount of prep time I have for each meal, that would help a ton.
If I ate with this ingredient list, I'd spend 3+ hours in the kitchen every day and my grocery bill would quadruple. 

I'll stick to /r/EatCheapAndHealthy 
This informed me to have Nachos for breakfast. Seems legit.
Right. Gave me 93 net carbs on a ketogenic preference...
As a busy med student trying to stay healthy, this app is a life saver.  Easy to use, customizable to my dietary preferences, and has helped me stay healthy.  I am happy to see they keep updating and improving it too.
I just got Chocolate Protein Muffins with breakfast and popcorn with dinner - I'm an ageing adult and I said I'd eat anything but this is just too weird, processed and unhealthy for me.  
I absolutely love this website.  I've used it many times before.  I've even donated to them.  I wish them the best in the world.
I tried setting this up for myself and it kept suggesting ludicrous meals such as 6 pancakes or a dozen egg whites for breakfast. Also, sometimes it would have me eat over 1000 calories for one meal and then 300 for another.
I've always wanted to try these eat x calories a day things and I'm always left not knowing where to actually begin. Sure, I'm being lazy, but, if I have some salami in the fridge, how do I do the math? 

Also, it suggests I eat a 'Berry granola parfait', what is that? For lunch I should have an 'Easy lamb saag'... easy? I'm definitely lost.
I just played around with the site. For one thing, on what planet is ramen keto/paleo?  I tried changing several settings and even specifically excluded "ramen" and yet the creamy ramen noodles appeared on my menu. Eww. Where are the veggies? Why chicken twice a day, for days in a row?  I changed several settings and the same weird items kept popping up.

I think the idea is solid, I really do and I'd like to use a site like this that works correctly - but the actual foods are kind of bizarre and unappealing.  I didn't even try the grocery list because the menus were so odd.
I found it an invaluable tool for creating diets manually and for checking nutrition content, but its automatic generator is pretty bad. It recommended low fat yogurt for a low carb high fat diet goal.
Cool idea, ridiculous implementation. 

Breakfast: 2 banana muffins, 2 chocolate cornflake cakes (that look sorta like muffins, so basically 4 muffins), and a small serving of granola. 

Lunch: Bacon-wrapped trout with rosemary (that old lunch standard) with a side of raspberry yogurt. 

Dinner: a piece of breaded chicken, broiled tofu with a miso sauce, and a bowl of pasta with eggplant. 

Now all I have to do is find enough time in the day to make two different kinds of muffins, trout, baked chicken, broiled tofu, and pasta! 
I like to eat pizza. Where do I put that.
https://redd.it/36gwxw

Number 4 post of all time
I used this before and it went something like this:

"O.3 slices of bread ... "

So convenient...
Says that me being 31, 6'3 - 285lbs - lightly active..I can lose 2lbs a week at 4000 cals a day!? Holy shit, no.. that cannot be right. 
Weird results.. like it giving me two separate soups for dinner.  I guess it's better than ONE soup, but I am never satisfied with soup alone as a meal.  
This site is already on the top posts of this subreddit. 
I don't get why this website gets upvoted so often. From my experience, it's completely awful at meal recommendations.  For example the last time I tried it for breakfast it told me to eat something like 6 bananas and an apple for breakfast.  And this time for lunch it's telling me to eat a trout  and hard boiled eggs for lunch. 
This is great but I'm too poor for these meals.
This is for rich people man. For Breakfast try some Tiramisu pancakes!
Damn! I posted this a year ago, 

https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/comments/2mpn6k/eat_this_much_the_automatic_meal_planner/

I should have posted it in this subreddit I guess haha!
It seems like people aren't even acknowledging the best thing of the website. I can google recipes. Other websites have calories. 

It's the automated grocery list. You don't have to do any planning. It just tells you what to buy and what aisle you might find the product, plus example brands. Then it tells you how to make everything. 

If you know over 200 recipes or don't want to learn anymore, then don't use the website because you have no need for this. But if you want to stay away from a 100% white people frozen food diet (or fast food, or you are ugly and need to become a cook or something to get laid), and want to increase your know-how in the kitchen, this is it. 

You don't have to know anything but how much you want to eat. You can even adjust how long you want to spend cooking. The simple trade off is the longer you cook, the more complex of a dish you are making, but if you set all your meals to no time to cook or 5 minutes, you can really get this into your work days. 

The hardest part is learning how to grocery shop, which is honestly fixed by spending an hour learning the store you go to. 

I said this in another comment, but, I'm a fucking genius. Get this. I have 8 meals a day. Second breakfast included. Snacks all throughout the day. No time to cook on most of my meals because I'm a business man. But I'm a business man who eats as if he has a personal chief. This food is so fucking good. 

You can block certain ingredients, even whole recipes, edit the presets, or make your own too fyi. 

These people listen to feedback. So if you want something, ask for it. If something is frustrating, let them know. 

I really like food. I started loving it once I starting using this website. 

You can't compare this website to any other. I did my research. No other lets you input how many calories you want to eat, how much per meal you want to spend, and how long you have to make your meals, then tells you what to buy for any number of days, where each thing is in the store, and finally how to make them (including preparing leftovers). 

Tl:dr: print your grocery lists
They don't let you go above 6,900 calories, how are us Americans to use this?
Any Android apps that do what this website does? 
This recommended I eat beef stir fry with a side of creamy grits and rosemary bacon. Yikes. 
I'm a skinny guy weighing 120 lbs so I might need this
Incredibly difficult to use on mobile browers
I bet people are very honest with that calculator and they are getting some really sweet data advertisers (ad exchange brokers) would pay big money for.



IP, Browser sig -&gt; Health, few data points would be more valuable.
ahh yes, the old loaves and fishes approach like this [1 piece of toast](http://i.imgur.com/2WAdp22.png)
I've paid for a year subscription to this site and every single time I try to use it I end up going to the store spending 300 bucks and not cooking because the meals are too complicated despite selecting the easiest meal option.
I lost 75lbs no problem using EatThisMuch, Google Sheets, http://www.whfoods.com/ and walking. ETM was the probably most crucial part though. Super easy, super effective.
Really like it! I love how it even has the recipes and I can select how much time I want to spend!
2 suggestions:  
* Making it a family thing, 1 per household. So I prepare 1 or 2 item and it tells me in portions how much each member should eat.  
* Like "I don't want to eat..." section, an "I want to eat more of..." section by keywords. Example: Say I want to have more salads for dinner or I am supposed to eat more fruits etc. (Note this is different from selecting an item to regenerate.
Trying to gain weight and even with their suggestions of a protein shake for breakfast and stuff like cucumber salads it still seems like a lot to eat :/
This is great. I've been trying to return to my old weight of 175 , but i've been stuck at 150 for a year now, but this will help.
Knowing how much I NEED to eat isn't the problem, it's stopping myself from eating 20 cookies because I can.
I love this. Except that every site like this wants me to have eggs or omelets for breakfast and estimates it to take like five minutes. Cleanup doubles or triples it!
I absolutely love this website - I've lost 30 pounds since I started using it about 4 months ago and I'm still going strong. There are definitely some problems (particularly with pricing), but I haven't found anything that does the job nearly as well as this.
I use this cite  weekly and for me the best part is putting in your own custom recipes at the beginning and getting a good variety and a automatically generated shopping list. 
Great, but I can't make any of this shit. 
Clicked link. Went to bookmark it. Already bookmarked. Still fat.
Okay. Now find me an app like Uber where I can pay someone to make this shit for me. Pepperoni pizza soup? Fuuuuuuck off.
Went trough registration, filled out all the forms, was informed about 2 week free trial, then it tries to extort my CC number. No thanks. 


yeah, not so fucking cool for $7/month
My meal plan is 6 cheep beers and a Hungry Man fried chicken TV dinner every day. Sometimes I'll add chocolate, but usually not.
Tried it, buggy and lacks variety.
Needs to have much, much simplier meals.  Capers?  There haven't been capers in my kitchen for two decades (there have been the other kind of capers, just not the edible ones!).

Ten minutes to prep, twenty minutes to cook?  Not going to happen. Please pass me the can of Annie's Lentil Soup--five minutes to heat in the microwave.
I checked this site out a couple of months back. 

I actually paid to try the full version, the issue I have and still have is that They suggest meals with ingredient you may not have and they don't have a way to show meals based on what you only have in the pantry,
Garbage.  Any time saved on planning is going to be spent running to the store for random items.  You think someone that can't be bothered to count their own calories is going to be weighing out chicken breasts and cooking 3 times a day?
Cool beans
Android support is coming January or February 2016.
I hate being short, I always end up with a ridiculously small number of calories I am permitted per day in order to lose weight. 
Ok I will try this. It's quick and easy to build the plan.
I'm currently 105pounds 175cm.
Aiming for 20pounds increase.
When will this be out for Android? This looks like an awesome way to get back into shape. I'm starting a new gym membership on Sunday. This would be great to go along with it as well. 
2500cals, 2 meals, Anything - and it suggest for breakfeast 6 eggs with 6 tablespoons of cheese, 1 cup of granola mix, 2 large apples. That's one fucking heavy meal.
This told me to eat 'breakfast nachos'
For the future.
Still waiting on that android app.. 
looks like the site is crashed - won't calculate the automatic meal planner.  Seems like a cool idea.  I'll check back.
What about allergies? or is that a paid feature
Wow, lovely website. Is there an alternative that provides region-based food suggestions? 
Has Reddit hugged the site to death?
Cool beans
How is this beautiful?
Caution: Good luck using this website if you are struggling financially. 
Whoa this is awesome, also so much new recipe suggestions! It does seam quite hard to realise though, cooking this diverse takes a lot of time/effort. Mint idea though 
What I should eat:

Breakfast - 828.3 calories

    Greek Yogurt and Fruit Salad (2 servings) /
    Bacon (6 strips)

Lunch - 887.2 calories

    Honey-Mustard Chicken-Sausage Kebabs (2 servings) /
    Stir Fried Japanese Eggplant with Ginger and Miso Recipe (1 serving)

Dinner - 807.6 calories

    Chicken bacon ranch wrap (2 wrap)


Seems interesting. 
I just tried it and was informed that there is 975 calories in 2 hard boiled eggs.

I think it may be a bit flawed.
Doesn't work in germany, any plans to make it available here? 
This...is...AWESOME!  Thank you so much.  YAY!  
Guys, screw eat this much. Try swole.me, it was their website before and it was AWESOME, still is!!
Is there a version of this for the working man/woman? Ain't nobody got time for all this cooking in one day.
They don't have a Windows phone app.. (*weeps*)
Peanut butter and tomato toast??? Uh no.
why does it miss out tea time? 
Nice repost saw this exact post around 9 months ago.
iOS only. No thanks. 
It doesnt work if you want to carbo load. It told me to eat taboleh salad... bleck.
Awesome, thanks for posting this!  I started my free trial.
I tried the free trial and ended up canceling. It suggested I eat around 900 calories a day and was consistently giving me meals like cucumber and tomato for lunch and something equally as small and non filling for dinner. I didn't feel I would be meeting my general nutrient needs following their suggestions. I did say I also needed to exclude avocado, which I know a lot of vegetarian diets really rely on, so maybe that greatly skewed my results. I wanted to stick with it, but didn't think there was any way/didn't want  to maintain such a limited and nutrient deficient diet. 
I dropped off when the meal planner results began with Egg Salad Sandwich. AYFKM?
now all I need is a live in chef who doubles as a full time coupon shopper for those tremendously cheap prices
Looks real useful
https://redd.it/36gwxw

Number 4 post of all time
I'm going to get downvoted for calling out a repost, but this is literally the 4th most popular post on this subreddit. How can you miss it?

https://www.reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/comments/36gwxw/eat_this_much_a_site_that_automatically_creates/
This site is already on the top posts of this subreddit. 
Second option in pull-down menu is "paleo" –  one of the main rules of paleo is: don't count calories ...

Is there a similar site that tells me what to eat from fast food restaurants? I travel for work and eating right is super hard.
&gt;Eating preferences and weight goals

I eat whatever I like, and lots of it... weight goals? it'd be damn nice if I could put some weight on, I'm classified as "Underweight" by the NHS, I have no medical condition, I just can't put any weight on, I've been exactly the same weight for over a decade and it makes no difference what I eat.

With that in mind, I eat what I want, when I want...
1703 kcal per day to maintain a steady .3lbs loss per week? I feel like that is really high no? I think I average that to maintain my weight. Not that I really count calories much. 
There is nothing beautiful about this site. I paid the fee for about two or three months and it was a total waste for me. Very unintuitive, eyesore of a website.
https://www.reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/comments/36gwxw/eat_this_much_a_site_that_automatically_creates/
Was really pumped to download the app. I thought since I got off Windows and came back to Android, this problem wouldn't persist. Always tryna keep a brotha down. 
OH MY DAYS! Reddit I love you 💙
Awesome site! I like that the recipes are included and from what I've seen so far the meals are practical. A lot better than MyFitnessPal which I found to under estimate projected calorie intake.
Really cool!
[FEEEEEEEEEEED MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE](http://imgur.com/vCdwpdi)
Thanks so much, really was looking to lose weight but was unsure of how to set up my meal schedule. Great timing thank you. 
I actually subscribed to this site for a month. At first I was really excited about it, and bought everything on the grocery list. But then meals started coming coming up that were very awkward for the time of the day. Like breakfast would be 10 pieces of bacon (which sounded great except I was using this to eat healthy). Dinner would usually be something like a piece of spicy cod and nothing else. Or something called spoon bread muffins. Sometimes dinner was just a bowl of pea soup. It was pretty frustrating to use.  
  
Then if you manually added meals, like grilled chicken, the site wouldn't add the needed ingredients to your grocery list at all. It was pretty frustrating. That's why I'm really glad I stumbled upon a site called Cook Smarts. I never really have trouble thinking of healthy meals for breakfast or lunch or snacks throughout the day. But dinner was tough. Cook Smarts designs a grocery list each week based off of meals you choose. The meals always include a side like a salad with a homemade dressing. I have to say I've been completely satisfied with every meal we've made. I really hope this site kicks off. The one thing that Cook Smarts doesn't do is let you tell it how many calories you want to eat each day. But with how healthy the meals are, it's usually not a problem at all. All recipes can be automatically exported to myfitnesspal as well. 
I didn't visit the site, because I knew there was no chance it would say "eat half a cheesecake".
Stop reposting this please
So like MyFitnessPal but shitty?
/r/HailCorporate 

keep seeing this post. 
It won't let me put 10,000 calories. This site is racist against being swoll. Triggered.
"You should be eating 227 carbs"? The fuck I am bro. You know what that would do to my abs? 
I thought I'd give it a shot.

It suggested "veggie detox"

\*closes tab\*
Can't enter [100 million calories over 3 meals](http://i.imgur.com/P0w5ovD.jpg). Website confirmed as shitlord.
Not seeing a "Taco Bell" option. 
Sorry but I'm just not going to pay $9/month for this ESPECIALLY before I see any benefit. I like the idea. But the free version is useless because who knows if I'll have anything I need in the house at the time. It's cool and I'm sure it will help some people, but I don't see enough benefit. It is more of a novelty since most people understand to eat less calories to lose weight. I can google recipes all I want if I was serious about losing weight. I would totally use a free restaurant planner since I work outside all day and have to eat fast food almost every day. That would be a good app to play with. 
&gt;ceviche, organic oat cakes, lean steaks

Yeah, okay.

&gt;"It's totally doable if you cook for yourself and buy in bulk!"

Let me just stash all of this in my mini fridge and plastic drawers. Then I can cook this in my one and only pan during the 5 hours of downtime I get every week.

I have a feeling this website isn't for me.
Shouldn't you be able to figure this out with a 3rd grade education?
Why does it only suggest fru fru white people food?
Eli5 why this site knows my age/height/weight
It is designed for those 2 countries on earth, whose inhabitants know how much an "oz." weighs :/
For people who can't think for themselves and count calories?
I'm a genetic skinny guy.  no amount of eating causes me to gain weight.  only bylifting heavy weights and taking creatine can I gaib weight by putting on muscles.
Ok Reddit, let's try not to crash this website like the last time this site made it to the front page.
SAVING FOR LATAH
Can't enter [100 million calories over 3 meals](http://i.imgur.com/P0w5ovD.jpg). Website confirmed as shitlord.
I tried it out. I'm very thin and would like to gain 7 lb within a year. The suggestions it gave me, based on my current exercise level, are less than what I eat now...
It told me to eat a black bean and banana saute for dinner. Does not sound appetizing.
Avocado salad my ass
2880 kcal	123g - 360g	77g - 160g	154g - 360g

yep sounds about right.
It said I need to eat 4600 calories a day to lose weight....I am not obese...
Pizza rolls probably don't fall into any daily plans. 
NO SHUTUP SHUTUP YOUR BUTT LOOKS FAT!
It's kind of weird in its suggestions. I tried four or five different variations and in nearly all the combinations of foods recommended together for a single meal didn't really go together. I think the average person might be used to a bowl of soup and a half sandwich or hard boiled eggs with a salad or something - entrée plus a side or two. But the suggestions I got were pretty disparate. Who is eating a bowl of oatmeal with a bowl of greek yogurt?  That's a lot of bowls of food for breakfast.  Or a dinner of one poached egg with a side of grilled cheese sandwich? Or a lunch of split pea soup with a side of sliced avocado. 

Those seem like foods, but not meals. The avocado would've gone great with the breakfast nachos it recommended a few tries ago, rather than with Greek yogurt and berries. And the soup might've been nice with anything but more mushy green stuff. 
"Coming soon to Android"
Why does this keep getting posted over and over again? This is the 3rd time I've seen this on the front page.

Did something revolutionary happen with the site since? Doesn't seem so. 
Can't enter [100 million calories over 3 meals](http://i.imgur.com/P0w5ovD.jpg). Website confirmed as shitlord.
I highly recommend [Google Fit](https://fit.google.com/) (for those who aren't formailer with it). It has a lot of the same functions but free. It also has an app alternative which can be used to measure walking and daily activities to calculate weight loss.
[deleted]
9 meals with 0 calories doesnt work, what a pity
[deleted]
Does this take into accident genetics and conditions that force people to be morbidly obese??????
I've been waiting all my life for this.

"Training level: Medium. There are some very nice the scenes where the pigeons are staring at the protagonist. However, in the scene of the nocturnal pigeon visit, they descend in a very unnatural way, clearly showing that they are thrown by a pigeon specialist."
I feel I should also mention [this blog by Brian Pigeon](https://pigeonblog.wordpress.com), running since late 2005, which I learned of thanks to the amazing parody dating simulator [Hatoful Boyfriend](http://store.steampowered.com/app/310080/).
This is the beauty of the internet, exemplified. You can find entire websites built on the most niche things.
/u/RamsesThePigeon will enjoy this. 
I fucking love pigeons
This is hilariously bizarre. Too bad it stopped around 2012. 
Oh man... as a Data Scientist, I REALLY want to scrape this website and run some TF-IDF &amp; proximity across the natural language of this and then stitch it to IMDB. You could do so much crazy shit with this like find actors who "come with" highly trained pigeons, or build a pigeon recommender system for new movies.
This is actually much better than I thought it would be initially. 

The one about [The Matrix](http://pigeonmoviedb.blogspot.co.uk/2012/04/matrix-are-there-pigeons-in-matrix.html?m=1) has a pretty interesting theory. 
The creator should watch *Ghost Dog*
I bet pigeon enthusiasts will flock to this website.
Aka John Woo
If only Nikola Tesla were alive to see this...
Does it include the pigeon double take from Moonraker?

https://youtube.com/watch?v=_0uCz7XdcN8
Commander Holly?
Watching [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5ov0PFI-kM) was the greatest moment of my life.
I remember a blog where a guy noted every time you can see Chuck Taylor basketball shoes in a movie.
That reminds me, I need to play Hatoful Boyfriend.
Now THIS is what Tim Berners Lee envisioned for the internet. 
FAIL:  neglected to show Franz Liebkins' dancing nazi pigeons from The Producers
This isn't really a database.  It's just a blog.
A pigeon in prison for murder was absolved when his alibi was confirmed by his appearance in the corner of the screen during a short scene in the Matrix
I love autism.
Maintained by Robert Stroud's ghost 
Pigeons are the new lizard people. It's clearly a conspiracy.
["Pigeon Fanciers"](http://www.pigeonweb.net/pigeon-fanciers) has to be the best descriptor ever for a group of enthusiasts. 
I am in awe of how much detail and love was put into this site.
My favorite: Hannibal's face in I think Hannibal
Pity it hasn't been updated in nearly three years.
Yeah Russel Crowe started this whole movement according to that movie I just watched
Is there a chicken version?
I dreamed about this. And then it happened. You are the one Pigeon-Neo
This is extremely concerning.
THIS THING I DIDN'T KNOW I WANTED IS NOW THE GREATEST THING. 
4 am and I'm looking at this, what the fuck is my life
Special mention (!) for "The Core"; where pigeons fly into windows because of magnetic disturbances &amp; one pigeon is replaced by a fish for lols
https://youtu.be/irb1sGoYirg?t=30s

&gt; No posts matching the query: 24 hour party people.

Makes me wonder if the site creator hasn't gotten around to seeing this movie yet or if it's just [too horrific for them](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usxPz1wTdvE).
Is there one for goats? My missus is convinced that there's a goat in most films. 

I wasn't sure, but when you start look for them.... 
Search for "24 Hour Party People": no results. Sadface.

[Pidgeons...](https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0CCQQtwIwAGoVChMIuY7Q_f2ZyQIVBFAUCh1dggt6&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DusxPz1wTdvE&amp;usg=AFQjCNG_1vqUR7mZ2QOnzOtfS25Cglc1tQ&amp;sig2=3gvJEsPIctQ1qQU2oJeINQ)
Predator 2 is the first movie that came to mind, and it's first on the list, haha. I think dad at the time exclaimed how clichéd pidgeons were in movies to come out of nowhere, as he was expecting them to appear when Danny Glover was on the roof of a building.
This is what Bert does when he's not avoiding Ernie. 
My god, they have my all time favorite pigeon death.

http://pigeonmoviedb.blogspot.com/2012/05/how-high-pigeon-slaughter.html
Wow! This reminded me of http://www.imfdb.org/wiki/Main_Page
The internet movie firearms database :D
Edit: Games appear in it too btw.
http://www.imfdb.org/wiki/Battlefield:_Bad_Company_2
Someone show this website to Mike Tyson. 
Home Alone is the only one that comes to mind.
What a peculiar type of autism...
Don't forget the Internet Movie Cars Database at [IMCDb.org](http://www.imcdb.org/)

Sometimes I feel a little spergy, but sometimes I am reminded of how deep that rabbit hole can go...
This database is for the birds.
Autism is a hell of a disease 
By the way, Castaway on the Moon is really quite good. I forgot it existed.
A peristeronic database? Cool. (I knew my obsession with XKCD would come in handy someday).
If it included television, *Animaniacs* and *Mike Tyson's Mysteries" would drown the database.
this is awesome!
Hey now.

You cant just go around pigeon holing just any website you just find like that.
Is there a database like this but for rats?
Oh wow I did it! I finally did it! 
I reached the end of the Internet!
List fails without "Speckled Jim". 
No pigeon statue scene from [TOP SECRET](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_8TRAaHUuI)?
FINALLY! 
&gt;This is not a pigeon, but the predator firing at Mike:

[Picture](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-bnBJESkgdT8/UMsSmh_PuYI/AAAAAAAABek/Grrb5seIO_k/s1600/Predator2-v8-1-19-39.jpg)

I love this, so, so much.
This is brilliant, I never knew I needed it in my life.
I searched for the (damn traitor!) pigeon from The Longest Day, but it was nowhere to be found.


 0/10
I found myself staying way too long on this site
It does not list Bollywood movie [Maine Pyaar Kiya](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100095/). 

That movie has a song [Kabutar Ja Ja Ja](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1tVvBxs4rk) (Go  Pigeon  Go). A Pigeon is used deliver love letters. You spoiled internet emoji generation see the love and pigeon as best mate. 
does it include bollywood hindi movies? if so then, please watch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1tVvBxs4rk
This is so weird it crosses over from stupid into awesome.
List fails without "Speckled Jim". 
ahaha amaizing
This makes all the bullshit databases they use on CSI seem more plausible. 
I feel like this should be reformatted into linked data.
It's like in the film knocked up but just with pigeons instead of nude actresses. 
this is awesome!
This is true commitment to the pigeon cause. I applaud the person that has put so much time into this enterprise. It certainly takes devotion, and possible an unhealthy love for the bird.
Pigeon Detectives?
I'm on mobile can someone see about John Woo movies? K thanks!
Only slightly related, but the author of Perfume, Patrick Suskind, wrote a fantastic book called The Pigeon about a security guards crippling and irrational fear of a sole pigeon roosting near his front door. I have never looked at pigeons in the same way since. Highly recommended.
I never thought this would be so damn interesting. Loving the pigeon relevance. 
There's nothing you can think of that doesn't exist on the internet...
For some reason I read that as penguin. Undercover penguin activity! 
It's too bad they don't have this for hacking scenes.
Tounge-in-cheek, or unrestrained autism?
The pigeons in "Ghost Dog" hit their marks, strutted their stuff, and kept it real performing alongside Forrest Whitaker.   (No pigeons were harmed...)
"No Pigeons, No Glory" 
I'm disappointed that The Wire is not in their list, though I guess that is a TV show.
Get PILLS against my orders.
"This is not a pigeon, but the predator firing at Mike."

No shit.
I LOVE that there are people out there who *needed* this shit. God bless the internet.
That is too bad it is just movies. Pigeons played a huge role in The Mentalist. They were the real heroes. 
website creator is living their dream to the fullest. 100%
That's totally relatable. The pigeons were a cool part of Grim Fandango as well.
Speaking of which, look at this majestic pigeon: http://www.nytimes.com/slideshow/2015/11/18/world/europe/an-early-morning-raid-north-of-paris/s/19Paris-SS9.html
This should be used for rating movies on Netflix or Amazon. I'm sick and tired of trying to guess the amount of pigeon activity in a movie by looking at the poster.
On burning man: Symbolism: None, they are common pigeons. That makes sense ....
So I just downloaded Reddit, and this is the first shit I see 
Dedication
[The Toy Story 3 page is hilarious.](http://pigeonmoviedb.blogspot.com/2012/06/toy-story-3-mr-potato-head-vs-mr-pigeon.html)
John Nash would be so proud of you. 
Why? 
P
Feed the birds, tuppence a bag

Tuppence, tuppence, tuppence a bag

"Feed the birds", that's what she cries

While overhead, her birds fill the skies
I want this for knots tied in movies.
this is absolutely bizarre 
This kind of stuff is why Im on reddit.
Who's bird brained idea was this?
The Aspergers is strong with that one.
r/ofcoursethatsathing
Okay Internet.......but why?
lol I can't actually believe this is a thing XD they evaluate their performace too XDDD
autism.
The efforts of humanity... Children die for this.
I accidentally stumbled on something like this once but it was boys peeing.
[I mapped the roman roads around where I live onto google maps to see how visible they were.](http://imgur.com/It5FA8s) It's interesting to see how little has changed
By comparing this to a map of London on http://openstreetmap.org/ I was able to see which roads have been there since the Romans. Very interesting stuff.
So I cannot find a year that this is supposed to portray. The inspiration material (the Barrington Atlas) covers the entire history from before the creation of the Republic through 640ACE after the fall of the Empire.
Hugged it too much, link died :(
I live in Australia, nothing here is likely to be older than 200 years.. Such a young country 
I'm curious to see the equivalent of the dynasty China has at that time, it should be rivaling Rome, and I've learned a lot and enough about Rome. I wonder how China's history is.
Romans had an extremely complex roads system - interesting to see how unchanged it is - but not surprising, why would there be a need to change it?
*its
That is some janky code, it no work good.
I wish there was a simulated google street view for this!
A similar map that shows estimated cost of travel customizable by season departing, method of travel and other factors.
http://orbis.stanford.edu/
Ask roads lead *from* Rome since they were built by the military for the military to aid in troop movement.
BARTLET
All right. Hey, you want to see something? Charlie gave this to me. It's a map of the 
Holy Land, drawn in 1709. He got at a flea market. It's hand-colored, copper engraved. 
I was going to put it in the outer office. 

TOBY
This outer office? 

BARTLET
Yeah. 

TOBY
No. 

BARTLET
Why? 

TOBY
Why? 

BARTLET
Yeah. 

TOBY
'Cause some people are going to find it offensive. 

BARTLET
Why? 

TOBY
It doesn't recognize Israel. 

BARTLET
It was drawn in 1709. 

TOBY
Yeah. 

BARTLET
There was no Israel. 

TOBY
Right. 

BARTLET
Israel wouldn't happen for another 250 years. 

TOBY
Yeah. 

BARTLET
So, what's the problem with the map? 

TOBY
Some people are going to find it offensive. 

BARTLET
Why? 

TOBY
It doesn't recognize Israel. 

BARTLET
Take lunch, would you? 
The hospital where I was born and the house where I grew up are both on the same primary road which was built right on top of a very famous Roman road, from which it took its name as well.

I love the thought of how many people have passed through before I was born, and how many will pass through after I'm gone. I'm nothing but a tiny speck in a river of human life, but that's ok.
Of course I had to find Capua. Home of the proud House Batiatus, and it's famous gladiator ludus.  Not doing so would suggest that I suck cock by choice.
You should put this on r/historyporn think they would enjoy it. 
its*
This is a map of present day europe (with roman roads), the netherlands would have looked very different in roman times. Just look at flevoland.
its*

Basic middle school grammar much?
I love to be ITA
Wow
Why didn't southern Greece have any roads?
Why did Rome nope out of Germanic and Slavic lands?
Romans had an extremely complex roads system - interesting to see which roads have been there for 500 - 800 years, just there in the US. http://www.legendsofamerica.com/il-cahokia.html https://www.ohiohistory.org/visit/museum-and-site-locator/serpent-mound Those are just afew of the oldest cities in the southwest, but almost nothing but old forts on the east coast.
Can all of reddit please not visit the site for a few minutes so it will load. 
Incredible!

Btw, death to Carthage. That is all
No Street View??
all this subreddit does is shows you crashed websites that don't work...
Hugged to death- is there a mirror?
The key to empire is always roads and rules.
Greece has no roads. Must have both very secure and dependent on shipping.
Terminus. Those who arrive survive. 
incredible map. I love to see the roads ending along the borders of the empire, like Scotland. Cool!
Oh. That's why it hurts when I cough.
I never realized how well those mountains protect Rome. Hold a few mountain passes and it's damn hard to attack that city. Awesome map. 
I was extremely disappointed when I couldn't find a specific town mentioned in the Normandy region.
I think the oldest cities in the middle of a field.
Interesting fact here! All roads actually lead FROM Rome because when the road system was made, they built it reaching out from Rome and placed markers INCREASING the farther you got away.
There's some in the 1690's.
Is it possible to extract a high quality jpeg from this? I'm a French teacher, and I would love to make a poster of Gaul with these roads and the French cities that still exist today (Paris, Bordeaux, Marseille).
neat!
I would like to visit Rome one of these days.
What I wouldn't give for a time machine to visit great civilisations at their peaks.
this map is better http://brilliantmaps.com/roman-empire-211/
I'm lucky to live in England, politics aside, the opportunity to actually view history rather than read about it is great for kids, making some sense of the world is priceless
By comparing this to a map of the ones in some cities.
I live in the 1690's.
There's so much Roman influence and architecture here in Israel. Pretty cool stuff! 
Any ideas on why is NE part of Italy was so disconnected? 

Could it be for any other reason then strategic, to make assess to peninsula a bit more chalanging? 
A similar map that shows estimated cost of travel customizable by season departing, method of travel and other factors.
http://orbis.stanford.edu/
Someone's house, and a few minutes so it will load.
I live in Mursa.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_empires

you just killed it man... That's why we can't have nice things.
And as usual this doesn't work on mobile. Congratulations. 
Doesn't zoom very much...

Also, Prati Fiscali, not Prato Fiscale.
This is a map of present day europe (with roman roads), the netherlands would have looked very different in roman times. Just look at flevoland.
BUT WHY ARE YOU SHOUTING?
According to the latest research on the battle of Tegyra, the locations of Tegyra and Aspledon on this map are reversed. Who do I contact about this?
its
Up-voted for witty title.
inb4 Civilization I joke
Things were a lot less complicated before the rise of the Ottomans.
Inaccurate. Where are Braavos and Yunkai?
I can't be the only person whose first thought was to look for a small village in Gaul...
Ah, yes, I've been waiting years to land upon such pile of gold! I shall now spend my December break translating Latin and reading about ancient Rome while using this resource.

"*its* fullest extent," by the way
No street view :(

I love how my hometown has connections to the Roman occupation. It's a shame we don't utilise it more and dig up the Roman fort and stuff...
Incredible!

Btw, death to Carthage. That is all
Oh, MAN! That brings back some memories, my centurion, let me tell you! 

Shit.

 I've said too much.
Rome Total War anyone?
Just being able to see which roads have been there for thousands of years of history.
Incredible
I wonder how it compares to Chinese empires? I don't know what the height of the Chinese imperial power was--the Monghol empire? Who had the biggest empire? 
Damn, now I want to play some CIV 5. Hail Ceasar!
Such a young country Hey man, the aboriginals will tell you there are unexpected calamities in the Western Empire because the Eastern one didn't fall until well into the sequel to Hocus Pocus.
Romans had an extremely complex roads system - interesting to see the known oasis in the UK for the military until the Roman map that aren't on the landscape.
Hugged it too much, link died :(
Back in my day, did anyone remember that screenplay "Rome Sweet Rome" that some guy wrote years ago on this site? I think most of us that remember that are long gone by now, though.
Apple Maps still gets it wrong 
I read "ALL ROADS LEAD TO MEME" 
What have I become 
Too bad Rome is so dirty these days. I don't plan on going back there next time I'm in Italy 😕
Isn't this more true than ever now? Don't get me wrong it was bad ass of Rome to build this but I could be in South Africa and drive to Rome now.
[deleted]
People look too far into tool lyrics I think.
Oh sick! The Danube has flowed so much since I was born! 
TIL I was conceived on my dad's birthday... 
According to my biorhythm, I'm stupid.
[deleted]
This is neat and all, but the grammar makes me feel like they are going to ask me for my bank account number so a nigerian prince can send me millions.
How does the hair thing work though?  Doesn't everyone's hair grow at different rates?
Hair part is not at all true. Source: I am a Sikh. 
"next birthday will be in 183 days. Your previous birthday was 183 days ago."

Interesting, it's my half birthday today.
Great... I'm going to go into a deep depression on the 19th http://imgur.com/SkMQix9

Edit: Will update on the 19th

Edit 2: Feeling a bit down but not extremely depressed. It might be somewhat correct.
Today I will have been alive for 6969 days.

(October 10th, 1996)
In 5 days I will be 7000 days old. Anyone know where I can get a cake big enough to accommodate 7000 candles.
[It's like they are trying not to mention 9/11 for some reason](http://i.imgur.com/6CylBf7.png)
I was probably conceived on Xmas!  Cool!  Gross!
Can't scan Feb 29? Okay😢.
10,000 days old is just a few weeks away. Thank you for sharing, it would have passed like any other day.
I've read horoscopes with more relevant and accurate information than this site.
Those days until retirement hurt. They hurt really bad. 
This site makes me depressed.  13,000 days and I can only remember about 100 of them.
Huh, I share a birthday with two porn stars apparently. Maybe I missed my calling...
Well... that sucks, my birth year 1899 isn't available to use. 
My birthday is actually today. This made me happy :)
This is nifty, but it's missed something trivial: Hair growth doesn't continue forever. Having never cut my hair, I know that my hair is not 2.7 meters long. I am 1.89 meters tall (6'2") and my hair doesn't even reach my knees. 
"Ask your parents..." ;_;
Doesn't take into account my latino genes for hair :(
Fucking great http://i.imgur.com/lSFL11M.png
Nice try, NSA.
My hair would be 14 feet long...    well I know what I'm doing with my next child. 
my parents made me on my brother´s 7th birthday. :S
The Danube has flowed so much since I was conceived on my dad's birthday...
I had to confirm with a second method to determine that my heart really has in fact beat 1.1 to 1.2 billion times in my lifetime thus far. That's pretty fucking insane.
Hair (including body hair, eyebrows, etc) naturally falls off after a certain length. The hair on your head grows longer but it would never get to 10 feet.
Aaand I was conceived on my parents one year anniversary. 
[When reddit traffic bogs down a cool little site so you can't use it] (https://cdn.streamable.com/video/mp4/n8jp.mp4)
my parents fucked on christmas day
Fuck yeah, I'm about to be 10,000 days old.
Goddamn it! It lists that I was conceived exactly on my parents' anniversary.
Oh shoot! I was 10000 days old yesterday...
&gt; The "big bum" was on 

Does everyone else just know that euphemism besides me? I see what it indicate, but I've never heard anything close to that phrase to refer to sex. I mean, unless you're someone who finds large posteriors sexually attractive, but that doesn't seem to be quite what they mean.
Nothing happened on my birthday :(
God I feel old.
Website, if I made bricks out of all the poop I ever pooped out and built a 6-foot high wall out of the bricks, how long could I make that wall?
And it can't do leap days.
My biorhythm makes sense with all the dumb decisions I've been making in the past year
Days until I reach the retirement age of 65: 15,159.

Well, that's depressing. No wonder my emotions are about to tank. 
Omg I was conceived on new years, it gave me January 13th and I was out two weeks late...
Why does it refer to the date I was conceived as the "big bum"?
I wasn't an anal birth as far as I know
Tool doesn't let me do that. 
"Do you know that your birthday is more then just"... "more then"..."then"...
Your DOB and approximate ip geo location can reveal your ID pretty accurately. I heard it is as high as 85%. But obviously if you live in a small town it going to approach 100%.
Nice try, NSA.
Nice way to correlate birthdays with IP and thereby identity.  


[youaregettingold](http://you.regettingold.com/) is better, in my opinion.
Used the site, found out my parents "big bum" was on my brother's second birthday.
When I went to my birthdate and looked at the "events," my birthday was the first event. My specific birthday. (I'm an actress, in case you're wondering why the hell I would be listed.) I was pleased to see this, in the narcissistic Internet way. 
Shit, I just learned I peaked at 20. Stated by this chart, and then seconded by friends and family.
Man. I remember this app in a GWBASIC book from 3 decades ago
22 years before I was born, this happened:

1959: Nancy Grace, American journalist and television host [category: Births] 

1959: Sam Raimi, American director [category: Births] 
 
1959: Weird Al Yankovic, American singer-songwriter, comedian, and actor [category: Births] 
Feeling old as fuck! 
Thank you for sharing, it would never get to 10 feet.
If only I used my real information on the interwebz this would be helpful.
it says my intellectual biorhythm drops and my physical increases after fallout 4 comes out. I'm about to totally disprove that... 

Also my parents conceived me on Christmas. The worst part? I remember accidentally finding what I'm now guessing my mom wore that night in her closet when I was little.
The scale on the end may explain why when you come out of a test feeling bad you do good and vice verse.
You lost me with the biorhythm bullshit.  I'm not even sure I'm going to trust that my birthday's really on a Monday anymore.
Glad I don't believe in reincarnation, I was born the day John Wayne Gacy died.
Cool! 
Damn it says my body prime goes up from 20 to 32. mm sexy.
These things are great at collecting information. People just throw all sorts of personal details at them without worry.
hey I'm 8000 days on Christmas! neat
Damn 2 notable deaths and a plane crash that killed all 23 people on board. I wonder if I should memorise the list of everyone who died the day I was born and use it to make conversations awkward.
Apparently I'm in possession of about 10% of all the hair I've ever grown. So that's neat.
Huh... My "1000 day" celebration is today. How novel!
Doesn't do leap day birthdays :/
I was conceived on Friday, November 13th, 1992. That explains a lot, actually.
This Christmas i'll be exactly 7000 days old. That's oddly satisfying.
The site got my zodiac sign wrong.
I'm nearly 10,000 days old whoo hoo!
What is the [big bum](https://www.google.ca/search?q=%22big+bum%22+site%3Abirthdayscan.com&amp;oq=%22big+bum%22+site%3Abirthdayscan.com)?
Apparently on the day of my birth, an American boxer and a British writer died. Whoops.
Real neato seeing my "biorythms"
Biorhythm is pseudoscience...according to Wikipedia
I don't know why I even try to go to a tool that is trending on reddit.
Woah, apparently I'll be 6000 days old this Saturday.
TIL Super was paralyzed the day I was born.
More like another tool for phishing.
I've lost 4 meters of golden locks :(
Doesn't do leap day birthdays :/
I've intentionally gone 23 years without doing the math on when my parent's could have conceived me. In fact, I've even gone as far to not think about the month that it could have possibly been in. This site just told me the approximate day that my parents bumped ugglies. Great...
If you were born on November 5-15, you were most likely a gift from your mum on Valentines day ;)
someone took a code academy exercise and made a website out of it.
When will you reach the retirement age of 65 years?: 1st September 2056.. Remaining number of days: 14907 ≈ 40.8 years. :(
Well. It was good to know I have exactly -28 smarts
Over a span of 20 years , the difference between someone with a resting hr of 60 and someone with 80, is going to add up...
Doesn't work for Feb 29th. 
&gt;The "big bum" was on ≈19th January 1992. (if you were born on time), but for details, ask your parents, they may have some interesting story for that day ;-)

Why would you do that to me?
33 and 33 days old, next birthday is in 333 days. Hmm 3 is my new lucky number ( this is the worst year of my life tho )
Linux 1.00 was published when I was born...
Nothing interesting happened on my birthday :(

2/18/94
Shit sucks, I don't need another tool to remind me I was the product of birthday sex for my mom. 
Great. 7947 days without getting laid. Thanks for reminding me.
&gt; If your hair were never cut since b-day, today, it would be 3.86 meters long.

That's curious...  My hair has never been cut (or trimmed)  since birth (30 years) ...  And it is about 25% of that. 
[deleted]
It won't work on my birthday...http://birthdayscan.com/1992/february/29/  February 29th, 1992.
I was born 1337 weeks ago (March 24, 1990). 
&gt;Why not celebrate every 100-th day of your life? Next one will be in Two days (Wednesday , 11th November 2015.), when you will be 9600 days old.

Just in time for Fallout 4. Awesome.
Oh yeah, well I have tachycardia, calculate for that... Bitch!
It told me that I'd have a heart attack and die on the crapper.
Can't scan February 29th, 1992. Leap day. :(
the day you were conceived is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZstojKXDGEs
the "big bum" was the day after my dads birthday. I guess I know what he got.
TIL 50 people were killed on my birthday... :l

  "we have 1 event on your birthday: Si Zerrouk massacre in Algeria. Tap here to learn more"
I born on 21 march 1990. So it's 1337.7 weeks and my next birthday will be in 133 days, which is pretty cool.
My parents had sex on the 10th of February of 1993 to conceive me. Not sure if I wanted to know that.
Lies, my hair won't grow anymore :(
I missed my 6000th day by 8 days :(
Oh, I'll be 18,000 days old on December 29, 2015!
Today I'm Thirty-One years and Thirty-One days old.
There are some big flaws that standout. The hair part can't be true, that is based on genetics not on age. I was born on a certain date but was born premature, they don't let me account for that.
Woah! I'm almost 7000 days old! Time for a killer party I'd say
In less than a month, I'll have lived 14141 days. Neato.
never forget
well ok..

in 3 days ill be 11400 days old.. 

then i look at the list of events and absolutely nothing happened on that day (my birthday)

a site like this, is much better...

www.takemeback.to

lists top hits and various news events
TIL in 60 days I will be 10,000 days old. That is reason to celebrate!

Edit: I also feel really old.
Haha i just learned that exactly tommorow i will be 5000 days ol
who gives a fuck
Too bad for me, I was born on the leap day and they can't scan me :( 
http://birthdayscan.com/1996/february/29/
 was only fascinated that my hair would be 2.33 metres long. so much hair. 
According to my biorythm I am an awesome super genius superhuman today and a dumb, weak, broken subhuman on the 21st.
I was conceived on New Years Day and I was born the very day Dr Seuss died. 

I don't know what to do with this information.
Huh, I read heartbeats as heartbreaks. I guess that shows something. :/
Why are they wasting time with this shit? Just give me a new album god dammit!
Holy shit, apparently today is exactly 183 days away from my birthday either direction. Neat. 
not so interesting, really
That bitch doesn't know shit about how fast my hair grows.
The entry stating time until average retirement age made me think about how short life is.  You seek an education for the first 2 decades of your life, you then work for ~4.5 decades, and if you're lucky you'll get another 2 decades on the other side of that.  Then it's 6 feet under...
the biorhythm section is chock full of bullshit.
There's no February 24th 2000

FeelsBadMan
Does the hair thing account for hair loss?
This Christmas i'll be exactly 7000 days old. That's oddly satisfying.
Born on 10/05/1997 and I just found out I am exactly in between  birthdays!! 183 days on each side. Precisely 18 and a half years old. Pretty cool. 
Biorythm is not based on science.
Nice try, NSA.
And this one simply tells you how far into your life you are:
http://lifeclocker.com/
according to this within the next few days my physical activity is going to drop to -100 and my emotional and intellectual activity is going to jump from -100 to +100.....i suspect fallout 4 has something to do with this  
TIL : On the 16th of December I will be 8600 days old (and Star Wars VII will be out in my country)
A lot of porn actresses born on my birthday. Hmmmm?
not accurate my hair grows extremely fast. in about 6 months its a half a meter long.
so this biorhythm stuff, if I'm reading correctly, says I'm smarter than average but also pretty unhappy about it.... 
I was Feb 29 1996. 'We can't scan that birthday for you'. Always...
why would anyone care?
I was conceived on MTV's birth.

"Internet Porn Killed the Reddit Star"
About as useful as a cock flavoured lollipop
I dunno. I think the hair cut part is dependent per person. My hair grows crazy fast, like if I go a month I'll have over an inch or more. My son on the other hand can go  couple months and only hit maybe 3/4" inch. 
If it's your birthday it will tell you happy birthday with a ton of exclamation marks. ....


Why thank you. 
9141 days.  Feels much, much longer. 
wow amazing
TFW Jeff Dahmer was killed the day I was born.
Jesus Christ there is a fucking biorhythm graph on there.  And the average heartbeat isn't the most common.  And literally no one's hair would grow that long if they didn't cut it from birth.  Source:  All the mother fuckers that don't cut their hair from birth. 

I'm willing to bet they nailed the day of the week, but this site is largely BS.  
I will be 10,000 days old on Friday, 13th October 2017.  What does it meaaaan?????

EDIT: and my next 100th day will be Friday, 13th November 2015 (9300 days). Wtf
Here I was thinking they were just some band.
&gt;If your hair were never cut since b-day, today, it would be 3.59 meters long.

Lies. First time I cut my hair in the 4th grade it was only 18". Haven't cut it since (~20yrs), and it's only about 18"... :(
The hair thing in particular makes for a fun what if. I understand about terminal length and all, it doesn't stop me from thinking about what I'd do with seriously long hair.
"What happened more on that day in January?

Sorry, but in our database we don't have event happened on this day (except your birth :-)"
*Sigh*
We're sorry, but nothing happened on your birthday.........
TIL my celebrating 100th days and 1000th day is on the same day since I'll be 7000 days old... in 65 days 
http://birthdayscan.com/1988/february/29/

i broke it
And, if you follow the links, they do surname meanings and lottery numbers from your social security number!  
Doesn't work for birthdays on leap day, even on valid years
What is this "big bum" they are talking about? I tried to put in for 1400 which is the furthest back you can go with the year and they still mention it.
A completely meaningless and probably mind-numbingly boring day in June in Lumberton, NC, 1957. Yeah, get off my lawn. I share a birthday with Osama Bin Laden.
I'm almost 8,000 days old (  I will be on Jan 5th)
that makes me feel old when my age is said in days lol
Days until retirement is the depressing part for me 😕
I missed my 10,000th day by 9 days :(
When you're born on February 29th (a Leap Year) and the site fails to recognise it as a date :(
Seems to be missing a pretty big event in its database.  http://i.imgur.com/31AGYTh.jpg 
Hey, my birthday is today! This is perfect!

I was born [at the same time as McDonald's](http://birthdayscan.com/1998/july/14/)!

My hair length is in fucking meters. Guess I will never know how long it should be. 
Leap year baby here. Doesn't work for my birthday...
And it can't do leap days.
this site lost all credibility at biorythm
Great timing, my 10,000th day alive is coming up on December 13th! 
Whosampled and genius sould be bookmarked by any music fan! Especially in Hiphop you get a lot of use out of it. I found a lot of cool new artists through whosampled.
If you want to see "live" how many hiphop hits were made and which samples were used go check out this awesome french musician : https://www.instagram.com/sims_nf/?hl=en
My first instinct was to plug in Frontier Psychiatrist by The Avalanches and to my surprise I find that a lot of the samples are from the same source.
Not really an alternative, but somewhat related is Splice.

Its a music service where artists upload their songs on each "instrument" [like this](https://splice.com/Hellberg/slumber-party-stems). You can play all of them at once or just single out something like a drum beat or just the vocals.

Something else that they do is also offer [sound packs aswell](https://splice.com/sounds/loopmasters/deadmau5-xfer).

I'm not someone who makes music, but knowing someone who does, he described this as a "Gift to people who want to make music."
in the same vein, if for some reason you can't find a song on this (pretty comprehensive) site, someone created /r/whosampled a little while ago that basically does the same thing.
This site is perfect for hip hop producers. Basically search up a song with a melody that you like, go to the youtube video for the sampled song and sift through the related videos for new samples. Also a good way to see if anybodys already used a sample you wanted to use
Very cool site, thanks for sharing!

I just spent an hour listening to Beastie Boys samples.
so many parliament james brown and gil scott samples in music today
Interesting what some bands can make music out of/what noises they choose to include. Search [Death Grips](http://www.whosampled.com/Death-Grips/) and see that they've sampled Serena Williams grunting, the Vancouver Skytrain, a mental health hotline, a home security system tutorial, Charles Manson, etc.

[Animal Collective](http://www.whosampled.com/Animal-Collective/) unsurprisingly use lots of weird shit as well: recordings of radio emissions from Saturn's rings, Ron Morehead talking about Bigfoot, a clip from Willy Wonka, etc.
It's crazy how many hip hop songs use this sample. http://www.whosampled.com/Lil-Jon/Who-U-Wit%3F/
Early impression is that browsing Daft Punk through this site  will uncover a lot of gold.
I searched Pig Destroyer but it only listed songs they have covered.
As a DJ, I've been using Whosampled for years to uncover original artists - the amount of "whoa" looks you get when you play the original song is amazing. 
if you want to push your browser to it's limit, have a look at the page for Amen My Brother by The Winstons
They also have android an ios apps! A must for any music head
Awesome site. 
Must be a huge database, they even  have some listings for the UK rap I listened to growing up...hijack, hardnoise, gunshot, katch 22 etc. Love knowing where the beats originate.
Must be a huge database, they even have some listings for the sampled song and sift through the related videos for new samples.
Pretty sweet site. I know the guy who came up with the line "Lamborghini mercy, yo chick she so thirsty..." for the song Mercy. Looked up Mercy and found his track. Yb, Lambo.
oh my god, doing this from germany is hell
GEMA is a bitch
[Someone just put a vocal track over Brazil by Deadmau5](http://www.whosampled.com/sample/33459/Alexis-Jordan-Happiness-deadmau5-Brazil-(2nd-Edit)). And they probably have the licensing and right to do that, but it reminds me of the time that [Will-I-Am used a song by Arty and Matt Zo](http://www.whosampled.com/sample/204979/will.i.am-Chris-Brown-Let%27s-Go-Arty-Mat-Zo-Rebound/) and [didn't do a good job of giving credit](http://www.dancingastronaut.com/2013/04/will-i-am-rips-off-arty-and-mat-zos-rebound/)

I feel like it would be a good idea when a popular artist like Alexis Jordan or Will-I-Am sample a track like that, they should put in the title "feat. Deadmau5" or "feat. Arty &amp; Matt Zo". 
Ok. Sorry this is such a poor reference, but I can't do better without help. Please help. I have been on the net since it's birth in 1993ish, and there used to be this sample list by... forgive me for the likely misspelling, "Peter Chigen" Again, this was when the net was all text. I googled it and can't find a thing. He has a list of all samples when there were few enough to list them all.

Please tell me this guy's name. I'm embarrassed because it was a huge resource but I have no clue who he was.
George Clinton and Bootsy are going to surge on searches
Damn, they sampled the shit out of James Brown.
Too bad this site makes it super easy for copyright trolls to sue and supress great artists. It's a great idea for a site but it's also caused some great songs to have their release held.
Isn't this Pied Piper?
I had the idea that someone should sample the beat from Back to black into a hiphop song for a long time but couldn't find someone that had done it. Now I have and it's amazing, [enjoy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJlzRdkxAxE).
I from India and find nothing. Actually this is not an universal site. Only english songs there. 

But as english song lover I'll bookmark it.
I've spent so many hours of my life on this site. Total wormhole once you get started. 
Holy shit this worked on some Vaporwave artists. I am impressed!
Thanks OP!
This website means more than life itself.
Welp....gonna have fun with Wax Tailor...
The site allows you to submit stuff, then it'll be more universal.
Another great site is http://www.du-bruit.com/
Might need google translate. 

There is an android app. It's changed how I listen to music.
Love this site. Those Yeezus samples exposed me to many great songs. 
Holy crap I've been looking for a long time but couldn't find someone that had done it.
I am impressed! ofc it would work on vapourwave If this is a bitch Download ZenMate Love this site.
I actually am on whosampled.com and contribute to the site a lot. Pretty neat place.
I go on whosampled on the daily, its cool to see so many other people interested in stuff like this.
I love this site, as a producer I'm on it all the time! I even have the app on my iPod! 
Hi, I'm clueless. What is a "sample"?
Thank youu
This site truly makes me think A Tribe Called Quest is the best samplers ever.
huh, this has been around for awhile- I thought it was common knowledge.

also they don't have any of the tracks from Sean Price's *Mic Tyson* 😞
other discussions (22)

we all should just start poaching GallowBoob for that dang karma...
this is fucking great
I still don't know where the samples from Venetian Snares' Donut came from. :-/ It seems like they only do samples from other music, rather than samples from random stuff like whatever the fuck that was.
This site is my bible. It has turned me on to countless awesome old skool tunes.
The site allows you to submit stuff, then it'll be more universal.
Pied Piper? 
ITT it would be much more interesting to see which (recent) songs are proven not to have samples from any other song.
I always check this http://www.whosampled.com/The-Avalanches/Frontier-Psychiatrist/samples/. It says 19 perhaps on the major label release. I recall on the indie version the word was 200 samples. 
Holy crap I've been looking for a site like this 5ever. Thank you mysterious stranger!
I think there is a site called pied Piper that does that https://youtu.be/VjpmD4KkmhE
And no one's gonna bring up OP's username...no one at all?... 
Most of the music i listen to isn't sampled.
Shouldn't the link posted just be Google.com ?

[deleted]
TIL a zombie apocalypse would be fucking impossible. I put him in Baltimore with default parameters and it took a little over 100 hours for the infection to reach New York.
No incubation slider.

The whole crux of zombie films is the normal looking one who seems fine for two days then turns.

Also doesn't seem to take possible resistance (quarantines, lockdowns...) in to account.
The research must not take into account any other form of transportation that just by foot. Planes would take zombies across the country in a matter of hours. Trains, buses, and cars would take people from city to city as well. If this were to be taken into account, it would spread much faster. 

But VERY cool nonetheless. 
The problem with this is that it doesn't seem to include things like travel while infected. If someone can only be made a zombie by being directly killed by another zombie, this makes sense, but if it's any sort of infection that can have hosts that die over a period of time before becoming a zombie, you would definitely have people fleeing an infected area, or simply continuing with normal travel if infected unknowingly. That would make the simulation much more complex, but it would make it a more realistic simulation of a lot more spreading viruses. 
This is awesome. I would love to see this used in a full-blown game.
Can anyone tell me what step/draw is?
Where is the "Fork me on Github" badge?
Here is the physics paper that was recently published. It explains the algorithm: http://journals.aps.org/pre/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevE.92.052801
One thing that would be a nice addition is a counter for number of zombies placed. Sometimes when you drop a zombie into one of the really large population centers it doesn't seem like anything is happening for a long enough time that I thought maybe I didn't actually drop a zombie there, so I'd drop 3 or 4 more. A zombie drop counter would give some visual feedback to the user that they had successfully placed another zombie.

To all the comments about not taking air travel into account. You do that manually by dropping a zombie in a new city. Started in Chicago, 2 minutes later drop a zombie in Detroit. There's your guy who was bitten, but didn't change until he was walking around Detroit.
I don't like that the infections spread out in a circle. I feel like they would follow a pattern more like a slime mold, especially along population corridors.
Is it not loading for anyone else?
I'm a little disappointed it doesn't simulate the effect of air travel, it just seems to grow outward from the point of origin. I guess in that simulation infection is instantaneous and you simply wouldn't takeoff if there was a zombie on board.
well, i started my zombie in the place where it would most likely start florida and it spread like a wildfire
TIL: If a zombie outbreak happens in a small place like Oregon it stops and the rest of the country is safe after only 110 hours. 
[deleted]
How the fuck do you zoom in?
If anybody is interested, the source code appears to be at:  https://github.com/mattbierbaum/zombies-usa
This whole simulation makes the entire zombiepocalypse seem unlikely. There's no way an entire town or city could be infected and have news not travel fast enough such that any cities within 100 miles from it would immediately lock down its borders. Considering how cautious people were of Ebola, any time someone gets bitten they would immediately quarantine them and everyone else in the same building as they were.
I used to be really into the whole zombie thing.  I watched the old "Night of the Living Dead" movies, I read World War Z and the Zombie Survival Guide, I even got The Walking Dead comic books (seriously great read).

When the WWZ movie was announced and I got super excited.  TWD started airing on AMC and I nearly jizzed my pants.  I played the shit out of some Left 4 Dead too.  And then suddenly every fucking thing had to be about zombies.  It was impossible to escape.  The WWZ movie was seriously disappointing, TWD started going downhill, and zombies became a fad to be shoved down our throats.

The last straw was a TV series called *iZombie*, about a zombie detective that eats brains and gains memories from them, and then uses those memories to solve crimes.  I shit you not, that's what it's about.  Why does it have an "i" in front of it?  Is it in any way affiliated with Apple?  No, no it is not.  The first time I saw it on Netflix it actually made me sick to my stomach.

Now I hate zombies.

This map was cool though.
Nothing happens I'm confused
Totally amazingly awesome! 
I'm pretty sure North Florida would be safe..."hey, we get to shoot things!!!"
where is Raccoon City
Plopped two points near Northwest Louisiana and one in New York. 

Interesting to watch how much faster it spread in New York than the two dots. By the time they combined the new York spot was still bigger. 
absurd. i love how one or two scholky movies from the sixties have top minds devoting programming skills to zombie simulations instead of natural resource shortages.
I think I mis interpreted the controls, I dont think my changing of the conditions did anything
So zombies lose their ability to drive?  That's good news.
is there any way to access this if you don't have a us proxy??

The most beautiful and frightening thing i've seen today
I must have a shit pc cause this thing slows way the fuck down around 100 hours. any tips?
I placed 5 zombies in Los Angeles and New York. For some reason those in California spreads faster...
~~doesn't work in Firefox 42. Time only progressed when I click and I never get the spreading red overlay.~~
edit- I think that was ublock, maybe?

But also I'm incredibly impressed by how well delmarva (Delaware, Maryland's eastern bit, and VA's peninsula) held up. I started the plague between DC and Baltimore and it had fully infected long island before it had even finished infecting delmarva. 

North eastern movement is swift, but western and south is sloow
I chose Detroit. I doubt it would make it past the city limits.
Pretty poor simulation.
It sounds like someone should dig into the comment by blisteringchristmas.
Well i live in Northern Virginia so im fucked
r/cornell
Eventually the zombies would run out of food, the elements would decay them and the military is very effective in killing; especially if the enemy is mindless and clustered.
Unless we get Left for Dead zombies I really don't see why a zombie apocalypse would ever cause fear. So many people lose their shit at the thought of it that there'd probably be some crazies who would bomb any hospital that seemed like it had the first outbreak and it'd end right there. 
Well, I'm just gonna move to Madagascar. 
So to avoid the Zombie apocalypse the best place to live is the Rockies or the Nevada Desert? 

Did anyone here manage to infect Las Vegas? (Except for starting it there of course) 
Haha El Paso, Brownsville, and Laredo and fucking invincible.
Check out the mobile game called outbreak bio world. You'll thank/ hate me later. 
If the outbreak occurred in the west it would largely be self contained. If California became infected it wouldn't even spread past the Sierra Nevada's
I started it in NYC because it seemed like a good likely place doe it to begin and was waiting see how long it would take to reach San Antonio, TX (where I live). It took 56 days with the default settings...and then ended right after taking out San Antonio. Just need to move west of San Antonio and I will safe I guess.
looks wrong since most land is actually is empty and non populated etc.
well that was fun for a minute

Have to check this out when I am on my PC
looks wrong since most land is actually is empty and non populated etc.
I'm moving to Denver. Nothing bad ever happens in Denver.
Am i the only one that is having problems with it?:( I was so excited to play but it won't respond when I do anything
I like it but I think it should account for other forms of transportation carrying the spread and instead of a flat bite:kill ratio, consider the laws restricting ownership of firearms.  One would assume that in Midwestern states like Texas, Missouri, and Tennessee have both relaxed gun laws and many residents that own them. This may stem the flow a bit.
I'm going to need to do this on my laptop. 
Not working for me on android.
seems buggy
Is this what physicists do when they goof off at work? 0_0
I placed 1000 zombies in a rural part of Texas and a small part of those zombies manages to wander into the heart of Texas without being wiped out. This game is fake as shit.
Start in New York, everyone dies.  
Interesting. Started it in Minneapolis, MN, and it has hit NYC before it hit some of our furthest northern cities. Wonder if the zombies "time out" after existing a certain amount of time?
Gosh this is cooler than Plague Inc.
I start the outbreak in Los Angeles, but it reaches the east coast even before it gets to Vegas.  Is that right?
The kill/bite ratio should vary over geography based on which states have more restrictive gun laws.
i like how anything starting in cali burns out in a hurry.

does not let me drop multiple zombies and the same time and does not take into account traveling people to other states. Overall rating 4/10
What's a kill to bite ratio &gt;1? Time to walk a mile (wouldn't simply "speed of zombies" be the appropriate choice)? step/draw? 
It bugged for me. First I placed a zombie and the whole thing stopped. I had to place another zombie for it to continue.
After reset, I placed a zombie and it went well. But I could not place another zombie.
Third try, random stops/continues.
I am god
Lots of factors are not being considered here
So, where's Alaska?
This is basically a "turn the color white into the color red" simulator. Wow Much Amaze

 It doesnt model incubation time, travel other than walking of the infected but not yet zombie, population density, etc.
I really expected it to follow the roadways more than it does. Just seems to spread outwards at a pace determined by population. Started one in NY went about 1400 hrs, and died in the midwest. Tried a couple of multi-vector runs and they all died in the midwest too. Seems like they don't like it out here.
That's awesome
This is not a "simulation", realistically speaking. The only difference that happens when you alter the parameters is that the "time" counter runs faster or slower, and the colour of the zombie outbreak changes from red to red-black. Other than that, its the exact same stochastic flow applied again and again. 
No matter where you click, the spread by geographically area is about the same.
[Disgust: 0.27974](http://i.imgur.com/i9euLor.png) 
It's fun to do with stock photos http://imgur.com/tluTYUC
http://imgur.com/Jou65fi 10/10 happiness
[Pretty neutral but a bit sad.](http://imgur.com/2LHMyQQ)
Imagine this technology being used for people with severe autism.

This + Google Glass/Microsoft Hololense
[Painting happy little trees with happy mountains can only result in being happy](http://i.imgur.com/nI1IbHH.png)
[    Why isn't confused one of them?](http://i.imgur.com/iyoV559.png)
[Fear: 0.99782](http://i.imgur.com/lDqblrd.png)
They've always had one - whenever it popped up, that fucking paperclip could have accurately guessed that my emotions were anger and hatred.
http://imgur.com/QMdayWX
The face of [pure happiness](http://imgur.com/vjwSPux)
Always wondered this http://i.imgur.com/VnmDdMu.png
Fear:  "0.000000" .....My training is complete.
I tried [this](http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/24200000/Contempt-lie-to-me-24270645-595-421.jpg) picture. I guess Tim Roth isn't a great face actor.

Scores:

* Anger 0.00003
* Contempt 0.00071
* Disgust 0.00000
* Fear 0.00000
* Happiness 0.02364
* Neutral 0.97543
* Sadness 0.00017
* Surprise 0.00000
Guy on the far left: 0.9999999 happiness

Guy next to him: 1 happiness

Alright then
[0.10514 surprise, seems about right](http://a.rfl.pw/bjqjvenqxm.png)
Upload the photo, and hover over the face. 'Emotion stats' will appear. Like this: http://imgur.com/nqNWjOd

I get a lot of 'neutral'.
[Macaulay Culkin](http://imgur.com/NIkB5sm)
[I don't know...](https://i.imgur.com/T5UXJ7q.png)
[Doesn't work](http://imgur.com/X0GWddt)
Just found out [lena](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/24/Lenna.png) is 98% neutral. I would say 98% sexy but what do I know
Wish the example images had something else besides "Happy".
[All of the faces on this pic are the same in terms of stats.](http://i.imgur.com/dsxgLkw.png)
[Neutral Disgust](http://imgur.com/XTK0OSV)
https://www.newscientist.com/blogs/onepercent/2012/06/kinect-to-watch-your-emotions.html
[We finally know what Harold is feeling.](http://i.imgur.com/C9Q3BTd.png)
[Works great!](http://i.imgur.com/sS8c3k9.jpg)
[NSFW](http://i.imgur.com/BKWnPCh.jpg)

"Anger": 0.0000303154775

"Contempt": 0.0273858085

"Disgust": 0.0000223325624

"Fear": 0.000007806357

"Happiness": 0.351409256

"Neutral": 0.6209895

"Sadness": 0.000150327542

"Surprise": 0.000004659442
[Not Bad](http://i.imgur.com/CFqnV44.png)
http://imgur.com/s7iGbSX

Apparently dank isn't an emotion it recognizes.
[A little bit of everything.](http://imgur.com/Y6GzpxT)
:/ http://i.imgur.com/jgE6Jhn.png
Can someone upload the Mona Lisa and report the details? Thanks.

Also, does it detect envy? It would be fun to see some of those shots where a celeb/politician is talking to another celeb and the wife/husband looks upset, or jealous, or whatever. Those are usually not the case at all, but it's fun to joke. I wonder if the computer sees the same things we see.
So the only person showing any percentage of anger is the black guy? Microsoft, you racist!!
The scrolling on that page is hella buggy
[nsfw](http://i.imgur.com/HlKL8ci.png)
yeah tried it with my face

Error:"0 face detected"
Turns out the naked [vietnemese child running and crying](http://imgur.com/CQujZ5Y) is only experiencing 22% sadness.
Let's say I manage to put this system into a camera app. Will I finally be able to tell if my SO actually means if everything "is fine"?
    "Scores": {
          "Anger": 0.0000566947419,
          "Contempt": 2.17278e-8,
          "Disgust": 0.00004017898,
          "Fear": 6.91697437e-7,
          "Happiness": 0.999735951,
          "Neutral": 0.0000200696049,
          "Sadness": 0.000146335326,
          "Surprise": 4.59318272e-8
        }

https://i.imgur.com/E8kOkC5.jpg
[I don't think this is right..](http://i.imgur.com/u1ZKdQM.jpg)
Joke's on them; I don't have emotions.
Microsoft just figured out the mystery of [that smile] (http://i.imgur.com/gifJomH.png)
  
  
GG
http://i.imgur.com/0ch8NfO.png he has everything but fear
I'm going to throw a wild conspiracy theory out there.

This is going to be used as part of Windows Hello (facial recognition for logging in to modern devices) to judge the emotional response when an advertisement is played/shown. Microsoft will sell this data back to the marketers. 
Fun tool. Of course, Microsoft's Terms of Use apply. Naively thinking ... if Microsoft [and similar companies] said "...in connection with the operation of this service..." or had specific language for this [typeof] site that says they won't use your photographs for anything beyond analyzing sentiment, in place of "...in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses...", people might trust them a little more. 

Unfortunately most people won't read the terms and will upload personal photos and perhaps personally identifiable information, geo data, their children's pictures, etc.

Also wondering if the API effectively transforms other sites into Microsoft's vacuum cleaner.

Cool tool though, and as other have mentioned, potentially good social application. 


From the site's Terms of Use:

"However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting ("Posting") your Submission you are granting Microsoft, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses (including, without limitation, all Microsoft Services), including, without limitation, the license rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; to publish your name in connection with your Submission; and the right to sublicense such rights to any supplier of the Services."

[Tried it on Shia LaBeouf](http://i.imgur.com/vlrNt9l.png)
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/redditfox] [\[\/r\/InternetIsBeautiful\] Microsoft has a new tool that can guess your emotion \[chart in comments\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditFox/comments/3seky7/rinternetisbeautiful_microsoft_has_a_new_tool/)

- [/r/yogscast] ["Microsoft has a new tool that can guess your emotion". You guys know what to do.](https://np.reddit.com/r/Yogscast/comments/3sguil/microsoft_has_a_new_tool_that_can_guess_your/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
So who uploaded the dick pick and got "excited"?
It's like Clippy but more psychic. 
Can my computer finally tell when I'm frustratedly shouting at my screen?
Smiling doesn't mean you are happy. 
I feel nothing for this post.
[Happy or Sad?](https://i.gyazo.com/99e55e101d4a793bcb9710b0c4d1f6e4.png)
NSFW btw
[Han](http://i.imgur.com/PJ057cF.jpg)
Not going to work for my wife. She has RBF. It's always going to guess pissed off and unsatisfied in bed emoji. 
Does it work on girl friends?- cause I could use some help here . . . 
this better become a meme
Snapped a pic of myself just now and loaded it up.  .55 neutral, .44 sadness.  That's what happens when you don't have Fallout 4 yet.
Hopefully they implement a feature where Chrome will automatically open incognito when I'm horny
Is it just me or is scrolling on that website fucked?
We finally have a tool to properly diagnose RBF!
I would say it is [fairly accurate](http://i.imgur.com/6kDYU2A.png).
Has anyone considered that maybe all of these "apps" that guess age and emotion are just large scale machine learning processes?
"0 faces recognized"
I see how it is, Microsoft. 
So this is their way to amass a database of facts for the gov 
[I'm not quite sure the system has been perfected yet.](http://i.imgur.com/QLX4uhp.jpg)
I'm neutral all the time apparently
I have Tourette's. Wonder what it thinks about my facial tics...
I can see this technology being used by the NSA to analyze people. 
They should make it generate a face based on the results. Then you can see how accurate it actually is.
Man I guess I'm still traumatized from those screamers that used to be everywhere. 

Totally expected this to flash over to some horrifying face, then up would pop a smirking paperclip to tell me I'm currently frightened.
Every time I am about to settle down and work something like this appears
Is this like that thing where it guesses your age because apparently I'm 47.
http://imgur.com/BfC7XaB
I ran a few pictures through it. I have some amount of contempt on my face at all times. 

Accurate.
I could do this just by linking to iambored. Com
And Noldus has been doing this for over a decade. Way to catch up, Microsoft.

http://www.noldus.com/human-behavior-research/products/facereader?gclid=CM-5wfGRickCFesBwwod1PIBiQ
Is dementia an emotion?
I feel sorry for the husbands whose wives start putting wedding photos through this thing and they're not showing up as 100% happy.
To be the most hated man in America, he seems happy and [MS agrees](http://i.imgur.com/bQf6xER.jpg).
Someone needs to use the kid with pyjamas on picture day, picture on this
Needs a line of code to detect ahegao faces.
Cortana: "Would you like some SOMA?"
Remember how MS added Solitaire as a tool to teach users basic commands (drag and drop etc.)... This has got to be something similat, but in relation to facial recognition, abd now only benefiting MS?
[Happiness: 1.0000](http://i.imgur.com/VhGPyiF.jpg)
So now computers are better at figuring out emotions than autists lmaooooo.
I tried uploading my facebook pic and it couldn't detect my face...


Apparently I'm angry in every picture of me. Methinks highly flawed.
Nice try Microsoft [Feature Analysis](http://imgur.com/sTuW1Gq)
[Great Depression Lady](http://f.tqn.com/y/history1900s/1/0/a/gd45.gif)

* Anger": 0.0049762167,
* "Contempt": 0.0106071951,
* "Disgust": 0.009733737,
* "Fear": 0.0005557142,
* "Happiness": 0.00229103281,
* "Neutral": 0.79999,
* "Sadness": 0.171568513,
* "Surprise": 0.000277566141
Haha Microsoft. I don't have any emotions. 
In the one pic of mine that DID work, it said I was fucking neutral, when I was sad af...
In the one pic of mine that DID work, it said I was fucking neutral, when I was sad af...
What if you have a smile on your face,  but there's a demon inside?  
Suicidal. 
Pissed off at OneDrive is my pretty normal interaction with Microsoft, let's see if they pick that one.
[It works](http://imgur.com/gallery/qa3FDTh/new)
The group of emotions this tool recognizes appear to be based on the [Lövheim cube of emotion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L%C3%B6vheim_cube_of_emotion), with some variation. (Shame and interest are unreported, and contempt/disgust are listed separately)
I fed it several pictures of hitler. He was consistently neutral with a subtle but significant hint of anger.
[deleted]
Tried it on Indian acting legend [Kamal Hassan's expressions ] (http://imgur.com/0ib83TP) and got decent results. I hope this input image would be a great compare and contrast sample since expressions are from same person and images are similar (background, dress, lighting etc.). I have labeled each of them with the most dominant emotion output from the tool.  As a CS grad, I am amused by the results and more than happy. 

Some expressions like 6,8,13,14,15  seem to confuse the algorithm especially 6 in which knowing Kamal's expression, one would definitely not say he is happy. It is his *fake smile* (satire types). I wonder what a person who has not seen his face/expressions/acting before thinks of it! :) 

Great find! Thanks reddit and /r/InternetIsBeautiful/ for leading me to this tool :)

Wait wait wait what???

The first pic example says that the second guy from the left is 91% angry and 70% contemptuous. That does *not* make sense in context.
I bet it has a paperclip character as the software's interface. 
[okay then](http://i.imgur.com/ewMP1NB.png)
Not anymore it doesn't :)
It can also frequently guess when there's a system error
[The most extreme result I was able to get](http://i.imgur.com/grUEdVZ.jpg)
They shouldn't use it in office products, when I'm using any of them it's usually the worst time of my day, so roughly 9h a day. 
O-Face: http://imgur.com/OjPglLU
[Happy little Bob Ross.](http://puu.sh/lihM2/48fe3ff71f.jpg)
http://imgur.com/0ZT3OuS
[Great Depression Lady](http://f.tqn.com/y/history1900s/1/0/a/gd45.gif)

* Anger": 0.0049762167,
* "Contempt": 0.0106071951,
* "Disgust": 0.009733737,
* "Fear": 0.0005557142,
* "Happiness": 0.00229103281,
* "Neutral": 0.79999,
* "Sadness": 0.171568513,
* "Surprise": 0.000277566141
This is pretty cool, it guessed most of my emotions right. 
Wrist band of sorts with sensors detecting is more believable than this.  Just a useless novelty project.
Maybe they can sense my rage when I see that fucking Windows 10 update icon keep re-appearing after I disable it.
The link has the back button disabled to keep you hostage...fuuuuuuuuuck that

Also, what's that annoying scroll feature called?

Literally made me just close the tab and never look back.
Apparently "Just Do It" is 43% surprise, 30% neutral and 19% contempt
http://imgur.com/xIqLlzf
I put a model through the tool... This is what she scored.

http://imgur.com/eybaSVt

Does this thing just not work sometimes, or is this extremely impressive? 
I ain't scared of no ghosts

"Fear": 4.905238e-7
Why do I need a tool to guess my emotion? I KNOW MY EMOTION.
[Spicy.](http://imgur.com/nwmmQ5o)
I think this is a ploy by Google to release this "emotion detector" to get pictures of your face mixed with your ip address. 
It's fun to do here.
I don't blame it on this pic are the same name.
[Disgust: 0.45893](https://i.imgur.com/MjbebG4.png)
I've blue screened 8 times in the last 2 days on my Windows tablet.

Guess what fucking emotion I'm fucking having right now, Microsoft.
I knew this was coming since the moment they announced Kinect.

Imaging Kinect watching you as you watch TV or movies on the Xbox, and them being able to sell data to advertisers about how each commercial or show or movie or game or... made you feel.
[Kappa](http://imgur.com/5IqasGn)
[Largely happy? Hmmmm....](http://i.imgur.com/1W2mneu.png)
Confusion is a myth.
[Currency from the frontpage.](https://i.imgur.com/GSkpQvd.png)


"Anger": 0.00030528006

"Contempt": 0.01305478

"Disgust": 0.00203235983


"Fear": 0.0000273688711

 "Happiness": 0.3893598

"Neutral": 0.59404546

"Sadness": 0.0003817249

"Surprise": 0.0007932284
I read this super fast and thought it said a new "toilet" that can read your emotions. 
If it's as accurate as that age-guessing thing - we best pull the plug on skynet while we can. /s.
I can guess my emotion when using Microsoft products ... like the time I had a meeting booked in Outlook and extended it to a series of meetings but the other people weren't invited.  Then I was on my own on the phone conf till I noticed.   Doh.
Will a picture of Keanu brick the system?
I will not post the picture of myself I used because I am shy, however I was wearing a certain shirt http://www.spencersonline.com/product/armageddon-kitty-sublimation-tee/78881.uts and it didn't detect my face. Instead it detected the cat's face. Apparently the kitty is feeling very neutral with a smidge of both happiness and annoyance as it destroys the earth. Like, .9 neutral. 
All of the rest of the rest mostly being neutral.
Always wondered this http://i.imgur.com/VnmDdMu.png
According to this I've never shown below .7 neutrality in any of my facebook profile pictures, I'm a robot.
I can promise that if fed the label beforehand there'd be a pretty high success rate in applying it to any random picture. 
https://puu.sh/liDmx/481f38b893.jpg
It would be interesting to take a photo of a newly married couple and detect the emotions of each individually. I wonder if disgust, contempt, or sadness could be detected significantly on either of their faces...

Also I uploaded like 5 different pictures of myself and each one resulted in neutral with a tinge of sadness - nothing else. Even in ones where I was smiling. The accuracy is astounding
Tried it with a few images. It recognised neutral easier than anything else, but happiness was detected in the happy thought, and a lot of anger in the angry photo. It was fun.
And Noldus has been doing this for over a decade. Way to catch up, Microsoft.

http://www.noldus.com/human-behavior-research/products/facereader?gclid=CM-5wfGRickCFesBwwod1PIBiQ
That's cool it can tell how I'm feeling, but I'm much more interested in *why* I'm sexually attracted to my own mother. 
While sex: 0.9 happiness, 2.2*10^-8 fear. After breakup: 1.0 sadness
I tried it with a [pic](http://i.imgur.com/msgFDVg.jpg) of the OAG girl where shere has this big smile. Seems like it still needs finetuning

      "Anger": 3.09698552e-11,
      "Contempt": 1.51692409e-10,
      "Disgust": 1.43939175e-11,
      "Fear": 0.000003446495,
      "Happiness": 0.740594745,
      "Neutral": 1.58495979e-7,
      "Sadness": 1.129514e-14,
      "Surprise": 0.259401619
That API is also included in Kinect Development Kit
First thing I did.
[](http://imgur.com/QtrCvcv)
Detection Result:
Error:"System error."
I'm neutral all at once.
I feel like this makes the show Lie To Me kind of irrelevant 
I don't even know my emotion right now.
[Night's King vs Darth Maul](http://i.imgur.com/EYeL4xf.png)

      "Anger": 0.519301,
      "Neutral": 0.4733392,

      "Anger": 0.47079438,
      "Neutral": 0.348868132,
[Joseph Ducreux](http://i.imgur.com/IF7EVFE.png)
Server Error


yeah, thats just about how i feel, excatly though..
It's always going to work for my wife.
It doesn't work on [wookies](http://imgur.com/9NmqxHs)
&gt;Fear: 6.4157816e-15

Oh god, the people in this generic vacation photo are somehow intensely terrified… wait…
It [seems acurate](http://imgur.com/AAwzpkS)
[Seems about right.](http://i.imgur.com/QGHrFaH.jpg)
Shower thought: this would be a great learning tool for psychopaths....
[Emotionses, Precious.](http://i.imgur.com/DDdXKy0.jpg)
[I did my Fallout 4 character](http://imgur.com/qgLHm7r.jpg)
why is the black guy angry?
http://imgur.com/B5zuj93
100% flavor town. I love that anger is so high, he went out all on the theme.
ILLUMINATI!
I'm trying to use it to analyse my face but it only captures the left eye lol
I love how the black guy is the only one not to be truly happy. 
lmao
http://i.imgur.com/zFcHTIt.png
Does it work on pets?
This is pretty creepy. 
Apparently I'm really angry in my [school photo](http://i.imgur.com/qEq7Xlq.png).
Microsoft data mining just got level up.
Can guess? How about attempts to? I'm complex, man. 

Edit: [Neutral, guilty as charged](http://imgur.com/QmrQUbs.jpg)
microsoft has a new way to harvest your pictures.
I hear the book is even better than the website.
...Are we sure "People drowning by falling into a swimming pool" vs "Released movies with a Nicholas Cage appearance" is really a coincidence?
TIL People die by getting tangled in their bedsheets.
Ruth - Harold I think you're putting a bit too much margarine in those sandwiches.

Harold - Ruth we've been over this we live in Maine.

Ruth - I know but still...

Harold - I want a divorce.
I kinda think they might actually be onto something with the arcade and computer science doctorate one.
This site always reminds me of this: https://xkcd.com/882/
Conspiracy theorists be [like] (http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_v0uCKbBsdFE/TIBHhZxfIiI/AAAAAAAAADA/NTAKpHi4Y5M/s1600/myface.png).
That first graph will probably show up in a GOP debate at some point as a reason to cut back on NASA's budget. 
[Unrelated??](http://i.imgur.com/xjQQXSP.png)
Remember guys.

Correlation != causation.
I will explain everything. 

The US spends money on science, space, and technology. This means that scientist's budgets are increased and they can learn knew information. The more information they release to the public the more people will realise how meaningless their lives are in the grand scheme of things causing them to want to kill themselves. They choose hanging, strangulation, and suffocation because these methods are used to attack the very thing we as heterotrophs need to survive, oxygen. 

Being inspired by Nicolas Cage causes people to do more reckless things and can lead to accidental deaths.

Cheese is high in fat. When people gain weight on their necks, the surface area increases which makes it more likely they can be tangled in their bedsheet. 

People have finally realised that they can believe it's not butter. Coming to this conclusion, it removed the incentive to buy margarine and when the debate ended couples started to argue less.

John W. Hinckley shot Reagan in order to impress Jodie Foster. A lot of men tend to like women who are older. The older the Miss Americas are, the more likely there will be men who shoot others in order to impress them. 

The reason more doctorates are rewarded is because more people are going to college. When college kids get bored they are more likely to hit up the arcade than any other demographic. 

Inspired by the history of men, people are encouraged to reach the skies and seek the true limitations of man. 

Cheese has a lot of fatty acids, and fatty acids have difficulties passing through the blood-brain barrier. Mozzarella has less fat than cheddar. When people started eating more mozzarella than cheddar, they were able to think easier and were able to earn civil engineering degrees. 

Families tend to take a lot of trips. With less people getting married, people are less likely to go on a boat which will cause less people to die from falling off. 

Cheap oil from Norway. 

Chicken takes longer to prepare than vegetables. When people started eating less chicken it gave them more time to work on other projects such as finding a cleaner source of energy. 

Due to fears of nuclear power, people tend to run away from things they don't understand. They accidentally run into lakes and drown. 

People started to miss their old Japanese cars. Every time they drove their car they are given time to contemplate their existence. They then learn that everything is just a stage of progression and how the world works in cycles. Knowing that one day, there might be more imports of Japanese auto-manufacturers and gives them encouragement to keep themselves alive in high hopes for the future. 

There being more letters of scripps causes people to have to study more. They get distracted and get bit by venomous spiders. 

Having more Uranium stored in power plants makes people want to try to do it themselves. They earn math doctorates thinking it will one day help them work in a power plant. 
Death by entanglement in bed sheets? Why do I suspect that some got suicided?
This one's actually pretty interesting

https://i.imgur.com/sBJAF3e.jpg
Hello! I'm a bot who mirrors websites if they go down due to being posted on reddit.

[Here is a screenshot of the website](http://i.imgur.com/eHfRfHs.png).


*Please feel free to PM me your comments/suggestions/hatemail.*

_____
[^FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/Website_Mirror_Bot/wiki/faq)
I'm sure "marriages in New York" and "murder by blunt objects" arent entirely different
Finally we have an explanation for the bee die-off. 
http://i.imgur.com/aAdzY6V.gif
Murders by steam? Is that even a thing?
What's the subreddit like this again? 
Now that nearly perfectly correlated, but random, statistics have been identified, it would be interesting to see if they continue to correlate from this point onwards or spread apart randomly as you would expect. 
I think "number of Japanese cars sold" and "suicides by motor vehicle" needs to be explored further given recent recalls. 
I've come up with a new marketing strategy! 

We take one hundred hungry pitbulls and release them in a daycare center a few days before black friday. 
Believe me, our sales WILL go up! 
Also, this site was posted on reddit a year ago or so that does the same thing:

http://www.correlated.org/
Funnily Enough, The more precipitation there is in California, the less sunlight there is.
Hmm weird... the site seems to have two fairly different layouts...

OP's link: http://tylervigen.com/page?page=1
Main layout: http://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations


"Japanese passenger cars sold in the US correlates with Suicides by crashing of motor vehicle."

Just putting that out there.
Wouldn't that be something if all of this was made up by someone tripping on mushrooms? 
Conspiracy fuel.
This is great, but it's more like "website finds correlations between death statistics and random statistics."
People can die because of getting tangled in bed sheets? Never sleeping again.
I was looking for something just like this yesterday. Thanks!
This is - and I don't say this lightly - my favorite thing on the Internet. 
Lol this is not funny, this is dangerous. Now they know... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
The last thing conspiracy theorist need at this point, yet simultaneously entertaining. 
I'm pretty sure this is where the "News" gets all their stories from
Hmmm. As cheese consumption increases, so do deaths from bedsheets entanglement. As deaths from bedsheets entanglement rise, so do ski lodge revenues.

Using my Matt-Computer, I can deduce that ski lodges are selling cheese to kill people in their bedsheets and make a profit doing so!

To the Matt-Copter!
This site is missing the correlation between the decline in Spirograph and the rise in gang activity.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IYaftepO-s   We need some numbers!
Confirmed: Cheese causes Civil Engineering.  Wake up sheeple!
I wish it could also find causation
Can't tell if I vastly underestimated the population of the United States or if Australia is now only the second place on Earth where everything will kill you...
Does anyone else think that it makes sense that the Divorce rate in Mississippi correlates with murder by bodily force?
r/titlegore
I secretly kind of hope that in the future we figure out that some of these are actually causal. 
Save the honey bees goddamit!
Protip: You can also search for highly negative correlation factors (close to -1). Example: [The more iphones sold, the less good things happen to people in this room.](http://tylervigen.com/view_correlation?id=34988)
My professor showed us this site during a statistics chapter. The Nick Cage was her favorite, I think.

edit: us not me
Scientific spending increases with suicide rate actually makes sense. Grad students have a much higher rate of suicide than the general population :(
Til arcades are a 2 billion dollar industry 
Maybe it's just me.... But I can not stop laughing while reading this.  Thank you 
An interesting example of the statistical mistake this lovely site highlights: http://io9.com/i-fooled-millions-into-thinking-chocolate-helps-weight-1707251800
TIL when you're behind the wheel of a Japanese car you want to kill yourself
Commence cherry picking!
What happens if Nicolas Cage drowns in a pool?
/r/titlegore
Chuckles on the doctoral correlates. In your face civil folks!
"Report from Iron Mountain: On the Possibility and Desirability of Peace." in a nutshell.
This is fucking amazing and I love it. 
Best thing ever. Thanks
Kill Hitler and this site was never created
Come up with an explanation for each of these and you've got a Freakonomics sequel.
What I want to know is who is making all those deadly bed sheets!?
This somehow reminds me of cards against humanity... 
As someone studying for my second year statistics exam, this is just Reddit's hilarious way of reminding me to stop procrastinating and get back to studying. But first, people die by getting tangled in their bedsheets? Say WHAT now?
I'm done with cheese. Just the other day I was trapped in my covers and come to think of it, I ate ALOT of cheese that day
Every single one of these has something really dark...
The numbers have nothing to do with one another.  It's a lot less fun to look at after realizing this.
What? /r/titlegore
This is an Apophenia Machine.


The first use of the term is attributed to Klaus Conrad[1] by Peter Brugger,[2] who defined it as the "unmotivated seeing of connections" accompanied by a "specific experience of an abnormal meaningfulness". Apophenia has come to imply a universal human tendency to seek patterns in random information, such as gambling.[3]

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apophenia
Dude, these are all non-stationary time series -- it's not even a tiny bit surprising that these things are correlated.  They're ALL correlated, I bet.
Strangely, my happiness is correlating with finding this website! 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas_sharpshooter_fallacy
"total revenue generated by arcades correlates with computer science doctorates awarded in the US"

I don't think that one is entirely spurious...... seriously though.
Cheese consumption has really gone up.
Great, now I'm afraid of my bedsheets killing me
GODDAMMIT!!!  Stop buying oil from Norway!!!!!  We're dyin' here!
I'm not sure how much this website 'finds correlations', it seems to be 'creating them by carefully manipulating axes'.
&gt;Number of people who died by tangling in their bedsheets.
I didn't know this was a thing lol
Maybe there is a deeper power behind this, maybe ILLUMINATI
Conspirancy theories maker
where do they got all their data from?
Stumbled upon the Fox News information database.
Someone needs to make a graph of how often this website makes the Reddit front page (it's happened a few times) and then correlate it to something else...maybe the number of times Rick burps per episode in R&amp;M?
Apparently there is a big tie between Iphone sales, and people dying from falling down stairs. 

http://tylervigen.com/view_correlation?id=28579
More like, "This website finds the best way to manipulate the data scales to portray correlations"
The How To Be A Liberal Scientist Toolkit
100% of the people that breath oxygen die.
Actually I don't think that website finds real correlations... It just grabs two statistical values that behave in the same way (but are not related in any way) and compares them. Its like comparing "amount of private schools in Canada" vs "amount of McDonalds restaurants in China".... both statistics obviously grow over time... but have nothing to do with each other... The fact that their graphs look similar doesn't indicate any sort of correlation.
It's worth noting that this project was started somewhere around 1971 by releasing plain text files of out-of-copyright books.  It was a visionary idea for ebooks decades before the Kindle existed and even before the Web was a thing.
Check out https://librivox.org/ for free public doman audiobooks. 
**Quick legal warning**: Not all these ebooks are in public domain in all countries. If you are outside of the United States, you should try to find a Gutenberg website for your country, such as [gutenberg.ca](http://gutenberg.ca) (Canada).

I am not a lawyer but I am paranoid and Canadian.
Does anyone else see the Grammar Nazi flag?
I used the site quite a bit during college, and I even downloaded a few things to read for pleasure. It's a great resource. Truly remarkable.
Gutenberg also has books in languages other than English. I've read some amount of classics in my own native language of Finnish in there. It was a great source of Finnish literature especially when I lived abroad and had no real access to printed Finnish novels.
If you want to help digitize books for Project Gutenberg, you can volunteer at [Distributed Proofreaders](http://www.pgdp.net/c/), their partner site. Volunteers at DP have done a lot of the books in PG's catalog.
I'm surprised people don't know about this. As well as the internet archive...which practically includes pg among many other things like the way back machine.
They need more and better tech on the backend. The interface is terrible, they tried to fix it and ended up with two competing interfaces and search engines operating in parallel. There's at least 3 ways to link to an author, each bringing up different results. And the best way, linking to the author number, well the author number is not publicized anywhere so you have to scrape it - but they disable scraping with anti-bot tools so anyway, it's a real mess to deal with. Someone posted further down the site was offline for hours.. not surprised. 
Been using this for years, throughout uni and beyond. It's a rad site. I always wondered, though, is everything on there 100% legal? I worry about linking to things on there when I write articles for work incase it's pirated or something. I'd hate to get my company in shit for unwittingly distributing dodgy material.
Check out /r/FreeEbooks also
Used many times, highly recommend this website for older books before bothering with library/Amazon et al.
Saving this for later. As someone with no TV or home Internet, this looks great
Just plugging a personal project I did based on Project Gutenberg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzwOOGP4DLs
Also check out Mobilism.org, it's probably the largest ebook community out there. The search could be better but the place really has everything. 
I'm surprised this hasn't been posted already. Good catch.
Yay, it's back up! It had some down time the other day and it made me sad :(
I remember finding this a few years ago...

If only I had a kindle to read them on, I'd read a lot more :P
Really nice.  I took a ton of German classes in high school and I'd love to pick it up again.  Between duolingo and getting free books/audiobooks from Gutenberg, it might go a lot faster than expected.
I like free...
It is very fun. I mean it is mostly older books since they are in the public domain but there is always something interesting to find.
I remember first finding out about this in highschool in the 90's and was 'wait, they made this in the 70's? WOAAAAAAAH!'

Truly a wonderful thing that this thing still exists.
This is one site that should've taken off like facebook.

Its sad that people carry smartphones all day long but still won't read books.
I don't think anyone else has mentioned this yet, but the Project Gutenberg books have been put up for free on Amazon as well. If you search "public domain" on the Kindle store you can find them and add them to your Amazon account 
If I didn't have the attention span of a gnat I'd be all over this.
I owe a lot to Gutenberg, thanks for taking some pressure of my student debt
This was so great when Stanza was still a thing--direct access to the Project Gutenberg directory through one of the best ebook reading apps. I refuse to get rid of Stanza on my phone until it completely stops functioning. ;(
Great site.  I was using it recently to read some of the stuff that influenced Lovecraft, or works that had Lovecraftian tone before that was a thing.  Here are a couple:

[The Great God Pan by Arthur Machen](http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/389)

[The House on the Borderland by William Hope Hodgson](http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/10002)
No, really, Project Gutenberg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzwOOGP4DLs Really nice.
Anything worth reading, though?
Apologies for being the turd in the punch bowl but the fact that there is not a single negative comment about any of the books on PG tells me how few of you have actually read them. 


I have tried 43 PG books over the last five years or so, all very well-known classics including several of the novels specifically mentioned by OP:

Out of that, 8 were **full** of spelling/grammatical errors to the point of unreadablity and 17 of them were transcribed with pages and even entire chapters missing or out of the author's order. The worst, however, were books not originally published in English like The Count of Monte Christo, The Stranger and The Brothers Kazmarov. These might have well been given a new title because they sure as hell are not the books they claim to be.



So out of the 43 books I downloaded, *just 12 novels* were faithful transcriptions. Now, I know what you guys are gonna say, "Well they're free... what do you expect?"

Free or not, if your product is shit, nobody should use it. Now, if you're the type to just have classic literature stashed on your device to make yourself look well-read and intelligent on the off chance that a friend or colleague sneaks a peek, by all means download away. If, on the other hand,  you're like me and you want to *actually* read these books, just buy it. 
Here are more books! http://faith.freeonsciencelibraryguide.com/
This database offers science, fiction, non-fiction, academic, and the list goes on. Free for you to download :)
There must be a way to identify the best way, linking to the site and couldn't tolerate the interface at all.
Are there any high quality reads in here. looking for something fun and educational.
It's an awesome website! However it is in dire need of an update in terms of it's interface. For one of my university assignments we were given the task of redesigning the website.

Don't get me wrong I think it still serves a great purpose but could do with a refresh!
I haven't checked this in a while. Thanks for reminding me!
that logo is a little nazi looking. 
I thought the emblem was a swastika
&gt; What NOT to post (detailed explanations can be found here):
Sites that are not unique.

&gt; * Something everyone on the internet already knows about (e.g., Netflix, Khan Academy, etc.)

Or, you know, Project Gutenberg.  Safe to say that more people have heard of this than Khan Academy.
Check out tuebl for more current stuff. I downloaded all the old James bond books earlier today.
that's great but there's also this russian website...
You can find only books that are out of copyright (meaning the last owner of the copyright has died some 150 years ago, but don't take my word for granted on this, it's just how I believe it is) But you can still find some pretty interesting read there!
Burn them.  

Burn them all.
The thing is, the Voight-Kampff test isn't just about the answers, its how you react to the questions being asked. The test is all about detecting micro expressions and eye movements that are picked up as soon as the question is asked, the answer is just a formality in the test taking process. That being said, this is still pretty neat. ~~Especially since it still incorporates reaction time, which is an important part of the test.~~ 

edit: doesn't actually measure reaction time, just a gimmick to make it seem more accurate to the movie.
Is this testing whether I'm a replicant, or a lesbian?
I'll leave this here... http://liartownusa.tumblr.com/post/131558511745/blade-runner-voight-kampff-tests-part-i
A tortoise? What's that?
46% - Nothing the God of biomechanics wouldn't let you into heaven for.
43%...
Can't get over 68%...

I hope they don't start coming after the humans in the future because I don't even know how to pretend to be a robot...
I like to think of myself as more of a replican than a replicant. I'm positive like that.
11%.

Then I retook it and answered like a robot. 90%.
I couldn't get past the first question. It's a *wasp*. The only correct answers for a human are "freeze" and "panic."
Well this is useless. First question asked was: 
&gt;"You're watching TV. Suddenly you realise there's a wasp crawling on your arm. You... Swat, Squash, Savour, or Trap"

I honestly would not move, and I'd wait until it flies away. Agitating a wasp on your arm isn't really a smart idea... I get what they are looking for, but it's a bad question.

I don't understand half of the words :-/ 
"you're watching TV when you realize there's a wasp crawling on your arm" 

None of the answers were "scream, flail wildly and run away." 
Ah, no replicant here. 18%
64%... does an android not feel... can they not love?
68% ... I  guess i should start packing my stuff
HAH! 14%! I AM SO HUMAN IT HURTS!
Let me tell you about my mother...
*Skips test to fold origami unicorns. 
50% hmmm.
"The Nexus-6 never stops fighting." I'm amused because that's the model of phone that I used to take the test. What is Google using them to fight against?
I never understood why they made the replicants so hard to distinguish from normal people.  They seem like a dangerous   bunch, even to the people who created them and whom they are supposed to serve.  You'd think the creators would at least put a tracking chip or something in their head to easily handle them when they go rogue. 
46% chance of being a replicant... About what I figured. 
Other than the hitting my child thing, I am basically a replicant.
I've... Seen things you people wouldn't believe... 
96%...

Savour... Swap it out for small change... Pick it out... Insulting... Bored... I mock them... Acceptance
I want more life!
I only registered 12%

_Pffft! This Nexus 7 easily passed your puny test._
50%. So... the same odds of knowing before I took the test.
Am I the only one, who read the book and haven't seen the movie?
I have autism. I'm scared to do this.

Edit: 29%. I think that's decent...?
I don't want to know the answer. 
I only got 7%. WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?!
Should I be worried if my natural answers bring me to 75% ?
86%??

My life is a goddamn lie.
On Reddit, everyone is a Replicant except you. 
I'm sure the replicant Roy Batty would have failed the test like any human would. Wasn't the point of the movie, to explore the boundaries between machine and human? I got 21%.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Umc9ezAyJv0
There is a similar test designed by a group in Fallout 4, created to weed out synths from normal humans. I didn't connect the two works immediately, but now I can see where Bethesda got their inspiration.
It said I was very likely a replicant.  I immediately shot myself.
43%...well that explains a few things maybe
boss touches my non-existent kid, motherfuckers getting a black eye
My Mother? What about my Mother?
Cool!
I know I'm not a replicant--I just had a baby! 
Not to be that guy, but the Voight-Kampff test is actually from Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep, by Phillip K Dick.     
That being said, movie was phenomenal, and I'm currently making my way through the script of the never produced sequel, Blade Runner Down.
61%

[](/sadbot) If the world doesn't love me, then I'll teach it to fear me instead.
Only 14%. Interesting.
Got 96% not sure if 100% is possible: 
savour,
swap it,
pick it out,
insult,
bored,
mock,
accept

I guess everyone here but me will fail the test.
I scrolled down and got excited that Blade Runner was making another theatrical run. 

Boo.
So I got really excited it was being re released into theater but it looks like this website is from 2007 =((
Gotta be pretty smart to fool the old Voight-Kampff machine.
61% for me... I guess im with the cool kidz for once 
Unfortunately "Run away like a little bitch" wasn't an alternative for the wasp question.
Guess I'll have to finally watch this movie now.
The 'I' word I want for the question about contemplating a life alone isn't there. Incredible.
That was stupid.
11% So i'm human i guess.
Doesn't replicant = psychopath ?
54%. Flip a coin to find out robot status.
This is not beautiful. This sucks. And I am not a replicant.
82%. Not bad.
Erm I am confused nothing is happening for me, no questions or anything, am I missing the point here?
This reminds me a lot about a certain Fallout 4 quest...

32% Replicant.  Enough the program asked me was I sure the memories are mine.  Did I mention I don't yawn when others do?
I am 46% likely to be a replicant. My reaction is

Horror

Delight

Insult

Intrigue
Shit, there is a 46% chance I'm a replicant.
There is only a 14% chance I would be able to be replaced by a replicant. The test said I should live in an off world location.
I expected more animal related questions. The attitudes towards animals were a big qualifier of success of failure in the test according to the book.
I wouldn't harm the wasp. 
63%. Just because I wouldn't mind living alone or my boss slapping my kid I'm a robot. 
54% probability of being a replicant.

Ok.
11%. Now I can go hunt down those skinjobs walkin' the streets.
43%
50% WHAT AM I
61%... I am questioning my identity.
32% likely here. "I think therefore I am. Poetic, but do you really understand it? Those memories could be implanted. They taunt. Painful to live in fear, isn't it?" 
Test asked me about my mother so I pulled out my gun and shot the monitor.

That can't be a good sign...
I'm 50% robot
14% - human! Now, let me tell you about MY mother. 
I did the robot thing to do.. and asked the program to give me the robot and not-robot answers.  
[The program told me this.](http://www.bfi.org.uk/are-you-a-replicant/data/questions.json)
36% replicant, definitely not a robot but getting close. 
50% seems legit

Damn.  Didn't find the Jade Gate...
82%. Not bad.
The test said there's a 50% chance I'm a robot. Before the test, I could have told you there's a 50% chance I'm a robot. I'm still unsure. I don't feel warm or cold, I work 80 hours a week and empathy is difficult. I'm leaning towards robot. 
I'm a Repli-can.
Yes......questions
I'm 39% likely to be a ~~Synth~~ Replicant
11% I'm off to the colonies you skin-jobs
I got a 39% chance of being a Replicant. I'll take those odds!
I got to see this version in theaters. It was my first time seeing Blade Runner and it instantly became one of my favorite movies.
I did it in under 10 seconds with the same odds of knowing before I took the test.
All that technology and they resort to a bunch of weird questions? In the movie they have to ask like 30-100 questions to figure it out. There is no X-ray type scanner that can just detect the robo inner workings of replicants?

Even then, all you have to do is look at their eyes in dim lighting.
Not nearly enough Vangelis.
50%? Come on! Why me?
there is a 29% chance I am a robot. this is a terrible test. I'm clearly 100% human. "beep Boop"
I scored 50%   is that good or bad?
Yo dawg - straight up 57% with fully honest answers...eek
75%. i've never seen blade runner, so i don't really know what this means other than that i might be a robot of some sort. i'm fine with that.
I took the test normally and got a 71% chance of being a replicant.

I then cheated and tried to answer the questions more, uhm, replicanty.  Got 47%
4%!
17%
Did anyone try to score 100%, seems difficult. 
Ah, no replicant here. 18%
On Reddit, everyone is a Replicant except you. 
A ten drops in the homeless guy's lap...wait, what?
Ah, no replicant here. 18%
46%. Nothing is answered.
82%. Not bad.
50% good ;-) 
18% likely and I don't know what to make of it.

edit: I guess it means I'm very likely to be human. Sorry but I've never watched the movie.
They better not fuck up the sequel....

43% 
37%

So, do I have a ghost? 
---Ready Player One---
Let me tell you about my mother!
I have never seen blade runner but if I acidentally dropped a 10 dollar bill into a hobo's lap I would retrieve it and explain to the hobo that I did not mean to give him that much.  And if he protests I will tell him that I can not be sure he is not going to by crack with that money.  
46%
57% 
39%

39%.
50% likely to be a replicant 
39% chance I'm a replicant.
I got a 25 percent. I'm a gigantic pussy.
14% replicant
46%
let me tell you how I feel about my mother.
I believe the main character in Fallout 4 is a synth. In part because he has VATS even before putting on the PIP boy unit. 
It gave me 100, but I'm not a replicant so the test must be broken must be broken
This is awesome!
I've seen things you can't imagine.
I got 43%
I got a 7%. What does this even mean, I have not watched the movie. 
79
Thought it said "are you a republican" and took the entire test confused as hell
The one with the wasp needs a 

&gt;Run like a bitch and hide until someone else takes care of it

Option
14%... I made the cut for living in off-world colonies! Fuck yeah!
18%
21%
Did anyone else get a question about a wasp and not get to answer 'freeze up in fear for your mortal coil because your fucking allergic to the little fucks?'
No don't use up and down keys, it's much to fast! Instead, middle-mouse click to let you scroll by moving the mouse.
I'm always happy when an r/internetisbeautiful post works on mobile. 
MY EYES
My vision went super fucked up after staring at that for a while..

My monitor makes a high pitched noise when I have this page displayed.
Works on Mobile too
what is that thing on top supposed to be?
One of these days, I'm going to figure out how the hell to make an original optical illusion. 

...and then, after realizing how complicated it is, decide to never actually make one and jerk off instead. 

This is my life. 
The hell is the first one supposed to be? A skull?
There's another really cool illusion of movement website.  Your tube or something like that.  They're calling them videos.
That...

That was fucking cool.
Great, now I'm blind.

my eyes hurt :(
Anyone elses eyes vibrate like crazy when looking at the lines?

I kept thinking of just [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaC0vNLdLvY) when I was looking at this, more specifically, [this part.](https://youtu.be/qaC0vNLdLvY?t=1m19s)
Animations? On a computer screen? I've never seen anything like this before!
Everything looks weird after using this website
The guy who makes this is a designer running a studio out of Austin, TX. [Husbandmen](http://www.husbandmen.com/) is the name of his practice, he does some awesome work.
I'm extremely nearsighted, and the illusion works a lot better without my glasses.
The site is filled with dark lines,

BUT THE WHITE LINES STILL OVERPOWER THEM!

MY EYES ;-;
whats with reddit and these illusions lately
I was looking at the lines?
isn't this EXACTLY how my computer monitor makes motion?
This is how TV works. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRidfW_l4vs
 Now, this is what I call Epilepsy.
I was looking at the lines? isn't this EXACTLY how my computer monitor makes a high pitched noise when I was looking at this, more specifically, this part.
This is tripping my sack 
I was carefully scrolling with the other side of earth? pshaw!
I want off of his practice, he does some awesome work.
I have PTSD from other websites that made me stare intently at the screen, then played a mean trick on me. 
Thank you, I just had a stroke. 10/10 would recommend 
My eyes got screwed up with that shit, maybe i should lay off the booze
My monitor makes a high pitched noise when I have PTSD from other websites that made me stare intently at the lines?
his is awesome
My eyeballs just liquified and leaked out through my nostrills.
"Wheeeeeeeee-oh. That was short." 

Nice website anyway :D 
My eyes went crazy after that one
epilepsy warning
2 years of reddit, and this has never happened:

I didn't expect you on my front page for a /r/dataisbeautifu post, /u/Takama12. I have you tagged from /r/homestuck, which we both frequent of course. But I remember your username just from your many posts. I guess I figured I would never randomly stubble upon one of your posts outside that sub.

Its... weird. Most of the time I have *no idea* about the people posting the shit on my front page. 
Most of the time I have this page displayed.
Warning. Gave me a migraine.
Here's an explanation of the time I have this page displayed.
Here's an explanation of the time I have this page displayed.
Excellent!
RIP EYES
Posting so I can come back to this later!
Anyone elses eyes vibrate like crazy when looking at the lines? isn't this EXACTLY how my computer monitor makes motion?
How exactly is this working?
Thanks for the headache.
The hell is the first one supposed to be? A skull?
epilepsy warning
This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
It told me to have fun. That wasn't fun at all.
Still can't figure out what the first thing is supposed to be.
My eyes hurt.
Didn't help my hangover what so ever!
Excellent!
That's so trippy, but cool!  But warning to anyone epileptic, it could cause epilepsy. 
Use your smartphone for this! Gets the best effect
Wow! Also makes great headaches!
Excellent!
Oh my god my eyes afterwards! like an acid trip.
Didn't brusspup originally make these?
This is the rare case where scroll jacking would probably be a good idea.
[The actual images on the site look pretty weird when not obscured by bars.](http://www.scrollslowhavefun.com/images/)
Does moire work on the same principle that creates that weird rolling shutter effect for things like propellers? 
would be better if scrolling was stepped.

http://i.imgur.com/cG36DG3.png

you can see multiple frames at once. Catastrophic.

edit: oh, look, there's a little arrow!
How is this an "illusion" though? Aren't all digital motions seen on a computer screen illusions anyway? 
How's this any different?
Gave me a fucking headache.
That site can trigger seizures 'djhblhgh;j;h hl;' ;l
po pi  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Wow I'm from Berlin and didn't know this existed. Thanks a lot, that might help me out some time :)
Munich has something like this too, but there it's a complete and utter lie because the "live" show is actually just how they **would** run if they ran as **planned**

They never run as planned in Munich
Transit data nerd here: This is a nice achievement and not easily done, since even if you *have* your vehicles outfitted with AVL systems, the system back-ends tend to be proprietary black boxes. I wonder how much that shit cost.

There is a series of other more-or-less-live-maps for public transit:

* [Deutsche Bahn Zugradar](http://www.apps-bahn.de/bin/livemap/query-livemap.exe/dn?L=vs_livefahrplan&amp;livemap=yes) (there used to be [a version from OpenDataCity](https://blog.opendatacity.de/tags/zugradar/), too – check the nice visualization of the strike!)
* [TRAVIC](http://tracker.geops.ch/?z=13&amp;s=1&amp;x=-9754884.1138&amp;y=5142913.0243&amp;l=transport) uses GTFS schedules to display where vehicles *should* be, theoretically, and nailed the algorithm to do so pretty perfectly
* [our version of it](http://live.ulmapi.de/map) from a node.js Hackathon in 2011 made a mess out of it, comparatively, but it made the transit operator to distribute their schedules as Open Data, at least.

New York's subway systems won't get realtime data anytime soon, unfortunately – [this article explains, why](http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2015/11/why-dont-we-know-where-all-the-trains-are/415152/?utm_source=SFFB)

If you're interested in this topic, I recommend OKFN's [Open Transport Group](http://transport.okfn.org/) for looking into it. Be advised, though, that stuff gets you hooked. I kind of slipped into it and ended up writing my diploma thesis about transit data, and sometimes I drunkenly order bus displays and stuff ;D
Dutch public transport in real(ish) time: http://ovzoeker.nl
Not Berlin, but when I was in Belgium for 4 days I ended up riding the train more times than I've ridden it my entire life in the US. Dammit US public transport, get your shit together. 
Danish National Railways:

Country: http://www.dsb.dk/trafikinformation/folg-dit-tog-pa-et-kort/

Copenhagen: http://www.dsb.dk/Rejseplan/bin/help.exe/mn?L=vs_livemap.vs_schematic&amp;tpl=fullscreenmap&amp;view=dsb&amp;responsive=1&amp;schematic=true
The best thing about it is seeing how punctual the buses or trains are. 

For example I saw a bus being 58 minutes too late. Maybe it's just a bug, but for someone who grew up in Berlin you know it is in the realm of possibility.

Love it OP, thank you 
London version. http://traintimes.org.uk/map/tube/
thats aweseome
help.exe?
Also shout out for [OpenStreetMap](http://www.openstreetmap.org), the better, open source, non profit and less evil version of Google Maps on which this data is overlayed.
YESSSSS! Finally!!! Now I know FOR SURE, whether I have enough time for another beer before the last train! 
Ok, this is seriously cool.    
Every station should have a big LCD screen with this running 24x7.
Here's the [San Francisco Version](http://www.nextmuni.com/googleMap/?a=sf-muni&amp;r=M&amp;d=M____I_F00&amp;s=6262)

The site is a little cumbersome, but if you hit the menu icon in the top right you can select any and all metro and bus routes. 

For [reference:](https://www.sfmta.com/getting-around/transit/routes-stops)

Metro lines: K, L, M, J, N

Streetcar Lines: E, F,
And it's hugged to death. 
I fucking love the S-Bahn! 
Oh look! They know where their trains are! Take notes NYC.....
NJ Transit also has one. It is not as organized as this but it does the job. 
Here's the link : [**NJ Live bus**](http://njlivebus.com/)
[Budapest](http://futar.bkk.hu/?map=15/47.49755/19.06092&amp;layers=SVB)

press ctrl+f
type the name of your city
maybe someone has already posted a similar link of your town. :]

I love how this is becoming a collection of real-time-public-transport-information-service-werbsites.
[Munich](http://s-bahn-muenchen.hafas.de/bin/540/help.exe/dn?tpl=livefahrplan)
In some cities and countries you can see live public transport on google maps.
Now we need something like that here in the U.S. Particularly in Los Angeles. 
[deleted]
I wish Chicago had something like this. That's really cool. 
It was interesting when 3 S trains went over/under each other. Looked like a crash because the two looked like they were on the same track and then fell on the other. Neat GPS.
u/djhammerstrains I'm excited to use this in New York in 30 years!
Woah thanks, now I can see live how the SBahn fucks me over. 
After living here for a few years I'm just as mad about the 5 minute intervals during peak times like I can explore all of Sjaelland.
NYC version: A flashing screen: 'Due to an earlier incident, all fucking trains are delayed, thank you for your patience'

http://live.mattersoft.fi/hsl/Default.aspx?lang=en Helsinki, Finland seems to use google maps for tracking
And yet here in NYC, not even the signal tower operators or the Rail Control Center knows where the trains are at any given point in time, that's how outdated our system is...

It's crazy, it's 2015, we now have cars that can drive themselves, and yet we still can't figure out where a train (that only moves in one dimension) is located. Absolutely insane.
I want to live there!
When you decide to only watch the Trams and zoom out a bit you have a pretty accurate map of the former East Berlin. In the West they don't have trams. Just buses.
This is amazing. HVV your turn. Seriously I need this for Hamburg. 
Everything should be like this.
Public transport like this in my country is only possible in the imagination
why doesn't every city do this? 
I'm missing the income raising from the station when the trains are pulling in. https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Railroad_Tycoon
Berlin sure does have a lot of hospitals.
That's pretty neat. The place I worked at had similar software for police and EMS; you could view position, direction, and what call they were on in real time via a browser or the application that was obviously made by somebody that had never seen a user interface before.
Godamn i'd pay double in fares if my county had this shit.
All These comments complaining over Public Transport punctuality in Berlin and Munich. I work for the Service Hotline of RMV in Frankfurt and People love to compare us with those cities. Turns out conections are shitty everywhere! :D


Here's our [site](http://www.rmv.de/auskunft/bin/jp/help.exe/dn?tpl=fullmap&amp;poisApp=show&amp;stationsApp=show&amp;showLineLayer=off&amp;showBikeLayer=off&amp;fullmapApi=OSM#17402) for scale! 
As cool as this is, either it just shows you an estimate or Berlin's bus drivers are freakin maniacs.  Following buses that go straight through every traffic light, and don't slow down for junctions.  I guess it's only a rough estimate?
I was disappointed that this wasn't a link to a still image. One snowflake and 6 directions of train traffic come to a grinding halt.
Beautiful! Every big city needs this.
I could've really used something like this for the past few years. This really is amazing.
I feel like I'm spying on the city. 
Is there anything like this for trains in the US?  There are good tracking apps and sites for plans and ships but nothing on the national or global level for trains that I know of.
Fantastic!
This would be super cool if Google Maps could integrate this with the mass transit features. Like, when you're getting route planning, show you where the actual train is, and/or do accurate time-to-arrival calculations. 
You can even search for services being at least x Minutes late \o/ great feature. (And I saw a bus, that was a whopping 129min late - what?)
so. is it live or not??
Finally! Their system was dumb as hell before 
That is very cool.
Most of the US cities have something similar.
I'm pretty sure I saw something like this in a James Bond movie once.
JAAAAAAAA MAN! DANKEDANKEDANKE! 

THIS IS THE FUCKIN SHIT! 
That's amazing!
I wish they had something like this for BC Canada.
Man, Berlin has public transport on point. The bus system where I am is fucking WANK.
Here's the one from Reykjavík, Iceland.
http://www.straeto.is/rauntimakort/

(you have too choose which bus-lines you want to see)
Toledo in Ohio has something similar, but not as fancy as this one. This is neat. In the Toledo one you have to select the route you want and although it shows the real time position of the bus, it doesn't seem to work properly every time. If I'm not wrong, the site pulls the information from a Google webservice where the public transportation company has to keep their predictions always up to date.
http://tartatracker.com/routes/16
Great, now I can watch where my sbahn is stuck when it's not coming. 
I wish this existed for my city.
i love berlin metro. s-banhn and u-bahn were great
Portland version: http://www.pdxlivebus.com
Wow this is incredible. 
[Switzerland](http://fahrplan.sbb.ch/bin/query.exe/en?view=map&amp;SetGlobalOptionGO_callMapFromPosition=mapQuery&amp;ChooseFromMap=yes&amp;HWAI=JS!ajax=yes!&amp;)
The guy who can do this for Manhattan is the next multi millionaire 
województwo zachodniopomorskie if you zoom way out. 
No one can beat MARTA. I have had cases when a scheduled bus never showed up, so you would have to wait another hour and half for the next one.
I think I can see the former border: There are buses in the west and trams in the east? I guess West Berlin pulled up the trams like most other western countries, and East Berlin kept them?
they also have it for trains in germany   
http://www.apps-bahn.de/bin/livemap/query-livemap.exe/dn?L=vs_livefahrplan&amp;livemap=yes
Oh I Love you Germany... :D
This is similar system of my city. http://iris.bmhd.cz Protip: watch around 23:00, 0:00 etc. (GMT) The night buses start at the same location in the center and just race to all parts of the city simultaneously.
EDIT: Also you can click the vehicles and display all sorts of information about them. It also works for one whole district of the country, not just one city, and all companies providing public transport have to provide info about their vehicles.
Wow and to think that the London underground display boards on the District Line don't even know what train is coming next.
Here's the same thing for air traffic:

http://www.flughafenber.de

http://www.berport.de/en/
Wow, thanks!
Here it is for the trains in Germany: http://www.apps-bahn.de/bin/livemap/query-livemap.exe/dn?L=vs_livefahrplan&amp;livemap=yes
I have been looking at this for a good 1 hour now 

Apparently all the buses in Winnipeg have GPSes on them, but the only thing they ever use them for is at the actual stops themselves, and even then that's only for "select" stops. Pretty damn useless unless you're downtown or at a major mall, and even so, "due" might mean "you're waiting a minute more, ha ha you're fucked if it's a blizzard".
Tórshavn in the Faroes checking in, we got that too: http://citypulse.torshavn.fo/
Click "Leita" on the left hand side and between 07:00 and 22:00 GMT, you'll be able to follow all of the 12 or 13 buses that service our 5 routes :D
Canadian Version: Just regional Transit, not city subway.
GoTransit
http://www.gotracker.ca/gotracker/web/

When you decide to only watch the Trams and zoom out a bit you have a pretty accurate map of the former East Berlin. In the West they don't have trams. Just buses.
Berlin sure has a lot of hospitals
Last spring I had to take the german subway to my airport to fly back to Madrid, It was the scariest 10 stops because I forgot to buy my ticket :O
So awesome.
Thanks for sharing.
I will never miss a train again :)
Is it bad if I read the title as Berlin PUBIC transport? XD
Would love one of these for tokyo
they need this in new york.
And here is [a Dutch one](http://ovzoeker.nl/)
...And this is now going to be used in a terrorist attack. 
Wow, as horrible as the Berlin public transport is most of the time, this is totally great!
Between that, the 24hour bars, and the friendliness of the time, this is totally great!
There is a hell a lotta hospitals.
LOL why does this have so many upvotes? Laaaaaaaaaame
This won't be used by terrorists.
Isn't this like a massive security concern?
This could be used by terrorists!
ISIS approves..
Until the fear of terrorism ends it.
Where's the muslims?
TIL Colonel Sanders was a bad ass.
Gordon Ramsay would be excellent to have on there as well. He has gone through a lot of failure in his life to get to where he is now. 
I'm soon to be 27 and keep feeling like I'm missing my window. Yet when I look at these, most people don't appear to find real success until about 35 and some not even until their 50's. Huh go figure. 
I love that Arnie made his first million through property investments. Imagine having him as your landlord!
Steve Jobs even got a job because of Wozniak.
Huge gaps here. Huffington was married to the the editor of The Times, for example, which might have helped her career...
Is getting a job application rejected or deciding not to pursue college really considered a failure to their careers?
Vera Wang is a figure skater and then goes on to becomes a fashion editor at Vogue two years later? WTF?
Check out Sir Clive Sinclair's win @ 70. :0!
.......Oprah had a 'guide to weight loss' book that was successful?
Elon Musk would be a pertinent person to include here.
Make the same chart but track their gross worth... Especially track it compared to a normal person.
So Steve Jobs even took credit for Woz's video game to get a job at atari. Fun stuff.
Anita Roddick did a prank involving making someone walk on water? In Israel? 

All of the Yes.
It'd be great to see some for other famous historical figures.

Some ideas are presidents, revolutionaries/activists (MLK, Gandhi, Malcolm X etc.), scientists, Gordon Ramsay, actors, musicians etc.
I love the UI.
I'm happy that someone came up with this idea - and it is to a point inspiring learning about what people did when they were your age.  Is it too early for you?  Is it too late?  This page gives some insight into that.


However, I'm not really satisfied with what a success or a failure is defined as.  Obviously a business plan or startup failing would be considered a failure - but Fred Smith getting a C in a class?  Why is Walt Disney getting a job designing newspaper adverts considered a failure while Stephanie 'Steve' Shirley getting a job as a clerk at the Post Office Research Station is a success?  Michelle Mone lying to get a job is also listed as a success.  Furthermore, is selling garbage bags at the age of 12 (Mark Cuban) the same as the multimillion dollar business successes others made?


They all appear to be valued equally on the chart - making it hard to tell whether important achievements have been omitted or whether small successes have been overhyped.  Most successes on peoples' charts past the age of 50 are frivolous...
This was the most interesting thing I've seen on this sub, kudos for finding &amp; sharing.
Under the James Dyson section, it say's he made a vacuum that turned into a table called the G-Force. I can not find anything about it turning into a table through google, I think that might be made up.

Edit: the only place i've found it was on wikipedia, it says there is an attachment for it that turns it into a table, but I still can't find anything else.
This site just got hugged to death.
Very entertained by Melitta Bentz.  "Wow, I've been having tons of success with all these coffee operations, I'm just going to foray into armoured tanks for a while and. . .whoap, nope, back to coffee"
Oh I see Andrew Ryan made the list 
so many ways for me to feel like a failure.
So before Richard Branson had failed at all he owned an island...
They're a little hard on Melitta Bentz, since it can hardly be called a personal failure that she failed to prevent World War 2.
It is depressing to see that many of these people started, failed, and learned from the failure when they were still young.

Now, many people can't take that risk because they are so indebted with student loans. Maybe the propensity of these people to drop out if college early indicates just how much of a burden they can be. The people who do graduate arguably have comparable abilities, but they have years worth of debt go pay off during their prime years.
No Elon Musk? **No Elon Musk?!**

Elon Musk is basically the embodiment of entrepreneurship.
I know its bad to speak ill of the dead, but Steve Jobs was a cunt. 
The old reddit hug of death
Love to see the stats of increased or decreased success/failures over time.
So 5 successes in a row and you are between the most influential entrepreneurs of the world. Got it.
This is awesome. Great idea. I would love to see more historical people/figures on it. Right now it seems to be skewed too much toward those individuals still alive
Awesome..
This is cool, thanks for sharing Love to see more historical people/figures on it.
I have accomplished....nothing :(
The key fallacy here is that successful people never stop working. Success isn't a destination, it's a journey. 
They missed the most interesting part of Arnold's career. When he snuck out of a military base to compete in a juniors body building competition in another country and then tried to sneak back. 
I really want to see Norm McDonald having a fire fight as Colonel Sanders now.  
How many of these people started, failed, and learned from the failure when reviewed in history Steve Jobs even took credit for Woz's video game to get a job at atari.
The Kochs and Waltons are some of the most influential entrepreneurs of the world know of Bill Gates is already on the wall from the failure when they were going to open the safety deposit boxes and for some equity.
what about branson? thats a lotta success in such a little amount of time
Would be useful to chart estimated net worth.  Also, what is up with Dyson and balls?
I remember the Sinclair calculator launch back in the 70s.

A Rockwell or HP calculator was £50 back then and had +-x/.

He launches a full scientific for £9.99.

In 1980 you could buy a computer that had 1k of memory, black &amp; white, for £250 (oryx or vic20)

Sinclair launches a full colour, full sound computer with rs232 connector, for £99 (16k) or £129 (48k)

2 gamechangers right there.
When did these people make time for video games?!?!
What the fuck is up with all the Donald Trump astroturfers in this thread?
The founders are wise in all things
The only person i can relate to is Colonel Sanders, Everyone else starts napster or facebook at 19... 
its not too late, but its too late
What about Jack Ma of Alibaba?
"Virgin Brides"? really? I kind of want to look it up but typing "virgin brides" into a search engine might not yield the results I was looking for....
Great chart, thanks lad.
Pretty arbitrary with their product selection, aren't they? They have every major Apple product and are missing nearly everything Microsoft has created as a software company (Office, Exchange, SQL, etc), yet they have Windows in there, multiple versions of it, which is a singular software product.


Okay my question is where did their initial money come from? How many of the people listed here were born in a wealthy family and at certain were given a large trust fund?


save
This is why the rich has no (doesn't have to) sympathy to the poor. They go through ups and downs to earn what rightfully theirs. Why should they "redistribute" their wealth to the poor? They will use any power and all power at their disposal to work with the government and authority to keep their wealth.

Um why isn't Donald Trump listed? He's probably one of the most famous entrepreneurs anywhere right now.
Why does dropping out of college count as a failure...
Right now it seems to be 27 and keep feeling like I'm missing my window.
I made a 3axis milling machine 1996.  I made a physics engine with C Compiler in 2000.  I made an operating system.  I have a talking SETI.  If a talking SETI cannot win, I cannot do better than a talking SETI.  How do I do better than a talking SETI.  The elevador doesn't go to the top floor.  Reality is flawed like a Matrix simulation.  Westworld was a reality where poeple were robots.  If a talking SETI cannot win, nothing can.

We live in a world where angels illuminati control everything about reality.  You cannot start a business if you are a slave.


Kurt Cobain would go well on here. He turned down a great art school scholarship to tour with Nirvana.
Branson is by far the stand out. He took on the most difficult and challenging industries and won with guts and determination against all odds. To take on and succeed against the most corrupt corporate rats deserves far more accolade than he has received.

Prick lost my luggage once though. Bloody British git 
Donald Trump not on list?
needs javascript to load your site? nah, go fuck yourself. 
Nothing about Google Founders.
Buying YT
Buying Android
Pretty Much Buying Uber
Building Cars
Building Drones
Buying Robotics
Developing AI
Life Sciences
Loons for WorldWide Internet

Annnnnd Google + . Shit.
I am Eskimo brothers with Sean Parker. That is all.
[deleted]
I personally like Firealpaca (fixes lines for you), but there are others like Krita (Lots and lots of brushes), PaintTool Sai (Good for coloring), Gimp (Similar to Krita), Sketchbook, Inkscape...
You hackers just DDoSed the poor website.
I like Paint.NET
Reddit hug of death.
really nice tool now I'd only need to have painting skills
Oh cool!

*scrolls down*

*Flash is required*

... nah I'm good.
Why not just use GIMP? Its free, open source and powerful.
Here's another online photo shop tool  https://pixlr.com/
Not really impressed, for free light weight graphic editing, use paint.net (pinta in linux, it's in the repo), for heaveyweight use true GIMP. (both linux and windows). Best free alternatives to photoshop that currently exist. 
Wait what? Do people still make full internet applications in Flash?
Is it better than GimpShop? It's free and it's not quite PhotoShop, but it can do a lot.
Gimp is a nice one...
There's no point to this. The Adobe CS2 suite is technically free (with no need to pirate). This includes Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator; the latter which will run circles around this program.

Just Google how to do it.


isnt Gimp pretty powerful ?
Cool mspaint replacement
A link is not working..
GIMP is the bomb on the Mac 
inkscape, freeware license easy to use, and will create vector graphics. highly comparable to adobe illustrator i use the program for the same purposes. the only thing missing is the path stack panel thing(cant remember what its called its been a long time since ive used illustrator. this and gimp should be all anyone needs to get started in graphic design.
Gimp and Inkscape are all I really need
We hugged it, Reddit.
aaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnnndddddddddddd it's gone. RIP
Or you could use GIMP and Inkscape...
GIMP ftw
this its nothing short of amazing! 
Just find the link doesn't work?
Page doesn't load - hugged to death?
Yet another victim of Reddit, R.I.P
Limited budget?? If that means ZERO budget, I'm in!!!!
I use Chasy's Draw. It's pretty great and free. 
I thought the best web app for GD was kat.cr?
Requires flash...
http://www.gravit.io/ is my goto 
Too bad the website apparently can't handle the traffic.   I'll stick with Paint.net (for simple stuff) and GIMP (for more advanced). At least I know they'll be there when I need them. 
I battle my limited budget with a VPN and torrents. Cheap and effective!
Goddamit reddit. We no longer need Anonymous to DDoS stuff.
reddit hug of death!!
Pen Pressure?
Doesn't limited budget also imply limited data cos this looks like something that'll use up a lot of data
Why not pixlr?
But I'm fine, currently learning on a tablet without pan and rotation.
Not cs2 per se, but I have the Adobe CS4 Master collection and that's good enough for me.
I love the symmerty tool
I mean it's lacking a lot of good features but for run of the mill graphic design and editing GiMP is FREE and does the trick.
I'd stick with Realworld Paint
or get the free trial of photoshop. 
After months and months of use, they still haven't asked me to upgrade. (and I get all of the features)
commenting so i can come back when the HOD is over. i concur. gimp sux.

I'm a registered dealer with multiple suppliers here and you should pay for anything new in my own work.
another tool for limited budget is pirate bay
If this had tablet support I might prefer it over almost everything.
A link is not working..
Yeah I would say if you're just trying to replace PhotoShop, go with GIMP. It is hard (probably even harder to use than PhotoShop), but it is powerful, just took me a little getting used to.
If you all want to use it go to sumo.FM, this domain reddit hugged
Can you explain what this site is please? I'm on my phone and can't get on there, I'm interested. 
I'm actually quite impressed with how fast this is.. especially the blur/smudge tools.
What do you guys mean the link doesn't work? 
Works fine for me. Didn't load up the first minute, it took its sweet time. 

Here lemme reload it and se- 

oh.. It's gone. 
Can we all talk about how horrible of a company adobe is real quick
like how they install spyware and all sorts of crap with every update of adobe flash player. or how they will take out your previous versions of adobe software, and force you to upgrade your software to newer versions, completely disregarding whether or not you purchased the software before hand. 
A graphic design tool for those who want to spend their budget on [dealing with the fallout from major security vulnerabilities](http://bgr.com/2015/10/15/adobe-flash-player-security-vulnerability-warning/) rather than graphic design software?
Is it better than GimpShop? It's free and it's not quite PhotoShop, but it can do a lot.
limited with budget? You know everything on the internet can be free if you really want it. right? 
GIMP2 is also free.
Doesn't limited budget also imply limited data cos this looks like something that'll use up a lot of data
In chrome running in Linux I wound up with a flash app that wanted to still keep trying to run after I closed the tab, and until I restarted the browser. I do not know what that means, I am a rube, but I generally didn't like it.
Inkscape works great for technical drawings. I'm writing my M.Sc. thesis in mechanical engineering and I use it all the time for dimensioning drawings, adding labels.
Or torrent photoshop
I'd stick with Realworld Paint
The Symmetry Tool is the most mesmerizing thing I've ever tried.

Edit: try with the Gravity checked. Amazing.
I have been using sumopaint for a long time now. Works very well. Do recommend!
[made a flower (I have no experience)](http://imgur.com/gallery/FUSReWI/new)
Can I make dank memes?
thpiratebay.se
For those with limited budgets
Any kind of tool for limited budget: The Pirate Bay you pansies!
A graphic design tool for those who want to spend their budget on [dealing with the fallout from major security vulnerabilities](http://bgr.com/2015/10/15/adobe-flash-player-security-vulnerability-warning/) rather than graphic design software?
ugh. flash.
If you have a limited budget and have a PC, how would one not know of torrents? 
CS5 is extremely easy to crack, without additional malware, by deleting the activation file. So why use this?
HOOOLY SHIT... thankyou so much for helping this post get to the front page! Seriously, Thankyou!
What do you guys mean the link doesn't work? 
Works fine for me. Didn't load up the first minute, it took its sweet time. 

Here lemme reload it and se- 

oh.. It's gone. 
Online version doesn't seem to work with keyboard shortcuts and wacom sensitivity... Yeah.

edit: correction, it does have shortcuts, just none of the useful ones.
I'll never understand that. If that's your trade, how come it's hard to spend 10 bucks a month for Photoshop?
The Photoshop CC torrent is free and it'll be installed by the the time you would have entered your credit card information 
[deleted]
Microsoft word/PowerPoint
That became painful after just a few balls bouncing around.
Wow. Try making a square around the source. Eventually it glitches out.
Anyway to save this?

If not then RIP my [WIP](http://puu.sh/lIPb9/277b4e8de6.mp4).

Ain't working on you no mo...

**Edit** Was trying to make a loop, as crazy as that sounds.

......It is crazy, it's nigh impossible.

**2ndEdit** Next time I'll check the [homepage](http://balldroppings.com/) first.

The alternatives there have save options :/
This would be much cooler if i didn't need advil to get me through composing my masterpiece
protip:

you can click &amp; drag anchor points at the end of each line after you've drawn it.
its just freezing up for me as soon as the ball hits the wire
Well, it might be a Chrome experiment but it works on Firefox.
This is cool and all, but it's essentially the same sound. We need balls that make different sounds and/or different line types that change that sound differently. Give me multiple ball sources! Also, some way to share this with others would be nice.
50 minutes of my life well spent.
Uncaught TypeError: fm.playSound is not a function
Misleading url title 
If you like this, there's an app called [Sound Drop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDqM31-N2ec) that you should check out (basically a better version of this)
The balls need to be slowed down, and tail effects should be added so that we can better plan the ball path. 

There should probably also be various ball sources that we can control the drop rate of individually.

Also we need a save/share button.
[deleted]
hey... want to hear the most annoying sound in the world? 
balls dropping never sounded so good.  
That is cool and all, but isnt music basically physics anyway?
Why does none of this stuff ever work on mobile &gt;:(
I remember this used to be an iOS app, I think called bounce. Had it on my early generation iPod touch, had a lot of fun
this is annoying
It makes no sound for me, and when I draw a line that gets hit by a ball, it crashes
It's very interesting and fun to play with but I think "music" is a real stretch 
I broke it. I'll stick with my guitar.
***I’M SO FUCKING STONED***
MAKE A BOX
All the music I make is terrible
turn the gravity to negative for a badass twist

I trapped the music in a box. The box exploded.
If the person that made this thing somehow shows up here, give us the ability to add more ball sources and control their speed as well.
This used to be a windows app and it was awesome! Much more robust than this, no glitching, and much finer controls over gravity and drop rate. 
&gt; Uncaught TypeError: fm.playSound is not a function

Beautiful.
processing.js:980 Uncaught TypeError: fm.playSound is not a function
    fm.playSound is not a function
Uncaught TypeError: fm.playSound is not a function
Isn't this basically just Electroplankton...?
[Neat!] (http://gfycat.com/DeficientSimplisticAlbino)
All music is created with physics.
I think I just broke science....sorry guys :(
Reminds me of an app i had on my iPad a good while back.
I managed to crash my tab :(
Meh. I prefer making music without the use of physics. Good ol math music.
Draw one line: Sounds nice!

Draw a second line: Even better!

And a third one: Please STAHP!
"music"
"Ball droppings"
works really well with a laptop trackpad.
I tried "Music". Sounded awful.

Most satisfying arrangement so far:
https://i.imgur.com/YVIRbVx.png
Well my computer just started smoking...
My fucking ears
I broke it :S
http://imgur.com/02zhm9U
when i click through the link,  I thought I came into the wrong site, and it is interesting though
No sound for me. I'm on a android phone. Is it working for anyone else?
Well, there goes my day of work.
Love these interactive music making websites.
"Music"
I made a flat line and crashed it :(
so easy to crash

[few seconds using it]
**[ETERNAL SCREAMING IN HELL]**
This used to be a windows app and it was awesome! Much more robust than this, no glitching, and much finer controls over gravity and drop rate. 
Can you trap all balls with only one line?
Is anyone else reminded of that scene in harriet the spy where the group are in the wierd recycled garden?
I was only able to create this tone-deaf monstrosity of a tune that would probably make your ears bleed.
Made a box around the thing so the balls couldn't escape and let them accumulate. Took around ten seconds to crash the game, but the dang thunder noise was keeping on playing. I think this would do better horror soundtracks than music.
"music"
Epilepsy caution
It took me literally 30 seconds to crash this.
Turn the frequency way up and you can have some chordal fun: http://s10.postimg.org/asgfnjhwp/Screen_Shot_2015_12_04_at_5_01_31_PM.png
there goes the weekend
Steve Reich killer app
if I open another tab the sound slows dramatically but doesn't stop (not in Chrome) If I switch between tabs it goes full tilt, slows, goes full tilt
I played with this for way too long

heh heh ball-dropping
http://imgur.com/gallery/J1VETua/
You can turn the gravity negative.  Try doing that and drawing a line across the top of the screen and see how far down you can get the balls.  I can't get them past half way.

You can also turn the gravity to zero when there plenty of balls on the screen.
Imagine that. My work internet filter blocked balldroppings.com
I've created what hell must sound like.
This is an old classic, much older than Chrome Experiments.
RIP iPad users.
"music" 
I think I broke it...
Not working for me :/
I loved making this glitch out but then also readjusting lines to create some variable and stagnant pitch and rhythm!
This is proof that I am on the spectrum someplace. Love it.
Just found out about this subreddit from the same Vsauce DONG video which shows this website. The video is three years old. Weird.
The game always crash for me
protip: delete segmenyts by presig backspace
&gt;Music

Bit of a stretch there eh?
Apparently you need Flash for this to work, thanks for wasting my time -.-
It allows you to create sounds, not music
i wish it was 144 fps
All music is created with psychics

Sweet! So, how many of them might have served as granaries? ^^(/s)
But which one is Duriel in?
Great way to lead isis straight to the tombs!

Hope they don't have reddit.
[deleted]
uhhh .. it's valley of the farmers and they're not tombs they're grain silo's.
The ban mapping project?
Those Egyptians really loved their grain. Kind heavy on the carbs, no?
When are we gonna get a good tombview on google earth? Just give a GoPro to Lara Croft or something. 
What was that a screen for ants?  No enlarge function
Oh this is really great! Thanks! Lots of information there.

Now to figure out where all the ancient grain is stored! :)
really great stuff... absolutely hate how this guy pronounces 'debris' though 

Tomb? You mean grain storage facility?

EDIT: Sorry, I'll go back to /r/Politics now ...
/r/DnD 
Came here for interesting comments. Wall of crappy political commentary. Ah, reddit.
I had the pleasure if visiting the Valley of Kings back in 2010, it was a fascinating experience. This map really threw me back there! So many indescribable smells of millennia-old handiwork.
But it's Flash... not so beautiful, then, it seems :(
Just when I was about to get my work done, this thing pops up! I was always obsessed with ancient Egypt so I will be looking through this site thoroughly. 
Every *known* tomb...
These maps make me want to play Dungeon Keeper again.
I gave it 3 seconds to load... and then quit...
This is pretty damn stupid.
Battlefield has less grime on the screen.
All I get is "Snakes - can't go there", what gives?
This is insanely creative, I don't get all the hate. I had no idea google street view had depth data, and they had to hack so many things to get it to work.
*Snakes cant go here* Literally everywhere in the UK. Were safe!
I think reddit killed the site. RIP 
If this is easily possible, would it be possible to make a video game  that uses Google maps to allow you to walk through the actual world and do stuff?
This is so shit
How do you Hug-Of-Death a website that gets most of it's content from google..


Poor website.
Is there a game I can play that has this type of graphics for leaves, forests, etc.? This is so beautiful, I want to lose myself in it! 
Are these guys trying to tell us something? "this is what the street will look like after we're all gone?"
This is awesome man
Snakes, snakes everywhere! Cant go there! Must try another spot...

Snakes, snakes everywhere! Cant go there! Must try another spot...

Snakes, snakes everywhere! Cant go there! Must try another spot...

Snakes, snakes everywhere! Cant go there! Must try another spot...

Snakes, snakes everywhere! Cant go there! Must try another spot...

Snakes, snakes everywhere! Cant go there! Must try another spot...

Snakes, snakes everywhere! Cant go there! Must try another spot...

Snakes, snakes everywhere! Cant go there! Must try another spot...

WTF is this shit?
*Searches hometown in Australia...

"I hope there will be no snakes"

hahaha so cute he is...
What year is it?
this is soooo cool. but it laggs like hell. 
How does Google always update Street View when nobody is around to notice?
concrete jungle wet dream tomato
Needs more work.
http://9-eyes.com is a lot cooler. The things that car sees...
WTF the thing took me from my new house to my old house from a random click on a food place next to mouse house thing is i never put my old house on maps.google.com in general what the hell is going on?(im totally serious wtf how did it find my old house which is on the other side of athens)!!!!
aaaand we killed it
I don't get it.
Kind of reminds me of [Nether](https://youtu.be/HCCYW9PIAmo?t=1m10s).
I had no idea google street view That would be a massive open world Haha!
Beautiful.
very stupid, but it kinda freaked me out. i typed in my city and chose a random location on the map, and it took me right outside my old apartment complex. 
I just traveled through the jungles of Norway
I can only move like a real life inch at a time.
Now imagine being able to play an fps in this world
Enough is enough.  I have had it with these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking map.
great concept terrible delivery
That was a waste of fucking time....
I was hoping it was going to be streetview of actual  forest trails. I'm disappointed 
*Snakes cant go here* Literally everywhere in the UK. Were safe!
This was on a DONG ages ago.
I don't really understand the point.
I'm really glad the top comment is that this is stupid. I though I was missing something.
What a frightening world. Humans have died off, and this is what happens to our cities? NAH. 
I for one thing this is a pretty cool. While not perfect it's a half-decent attempt at a unique idea the very least.

I don't know what everyone was expecting exactly to complain so much. Better graphics? Possibly a mini-game? Maybe that when they looked out their window it'd actually become a real jungle?
Snakes in loads of places near me. Although I can actually go inside one building and go in all floors to look around, so that's new [to me]
http://9-eyes.com is a lot cooler. The things that car sees...
Reminds me of [Lux Sakura Dream](http://sakuradream.lux.co.jp/).
Ye olde reddit hug of doom and damnation.
that sucked.
This made me think google needs to turn google maps into a mega mmo that is played in real earth cities. That would be wicked.
Duuumbb
This is pretty stupid just some leaves...yay
I love the idea of it, but the execution is so... Shit. Try again.
Worst shit ever. Bad idea, executed badly.
some dumb grad student probably just got a degree for this shit
pretty lame
Who the fuck is upvoting this shit?
They give you some cities to choose from (aside from picking on your own) and don't go for [the obvious pun](http://boxedinfinity.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/tokyo-jungle-ps3-boxart.jpg). This is a disgrace.
Hi, I am from Symbolab. Here to answer any questions you might have about symbolab.com or the symbolab apps.
Mother of god, it does second order differential equations. Peace out Wolfram... good luck with your subscription fee.
Thank you so much for this. 

Wolfram Alpha did the step-by-step solutions a while back for free. Then they changed it to 3 free solutions a day unless you paid for an account. Now they give you 0 free ones.
As a mature student studying to go back to University, this is a brilliant tool and is helping greatly. Thank you!
Oh I've used this, it's great. This one is good too:
https://www.desmos.com/calculator
haha holy shit my maths must be bad. I have no idea what the example solutions are doing, even with the steps.
My go to has always been mathway but in order to see the steps you have to pay, how does this compare?
Pretty nice.  Clean interface, easy to use, graphs in a snap.
Awesome website! I use this over wolfram. Really saved me on my log homework.

Symbolab and Mathway are what got me through my online college math courses
As a math teacher, I hate you guys. As a math tutor, I fucking love you guys. Lol.
Eat your heart out Wolfram. 
Any concerns students will just use this kind of app instead of actually learning the math?
I accidentally stumbled on this website yesterday while studying for a test and now it's on the front page of reddit.

Awesome tool btw, shows all the steps and is free
This is amazing. I have kids who are seriously advanced in math at only 8 years old. It's not going to be too long before I can't help them anymore. This site will help me stay involved much longer. 
You're no help for calc 4
Comments
"Solves any math problem"?   

Oh boy, I can't wait to find out if P equals NP!
God... Kids have it so easy these days
matrices don't work!!! 
Also works for limits
OMG! If only this was available when I was in school! 
What forms of inseparable ordinary differential equations can it solve?
I would find out about this after paying for Wolfram Alpha Pro the day before..
Big fan of your work, just have one quick question. Do you guys continually improve the methods by which the step by step solutions are generated? Oftentimes, symbolab will take a more difficult path to a solution. For example, on testing infinite series for divergence or convergence, symbolab often uses the ratio test when the root test would be the easier path. 
You're no help for calc 4
I've been using WolframAlpha so far whenever I've needed a symbolic equation solver, but Symbolab looks much cleaner and more refined. WA always has cases for imaginaries that I (and I assume most people) never care about, so I might be making the switch. The only things I could really see myself needing WA for are curve fitting and data set manipulation (i.e. apply an operation to {a, set, of, data}).
The website solution was awesome that I knew I had to get it for my calc course. Of course I paid for the app to use during class for.... studying purposes....
It's neat, but seems pretty limited compared to wolfram.  

It doesn't seem to really support any matrix operations, and that's mostly what I tend to go to wolfram for.  The site is nicely designed though and hopefully they keep working on it. 
Thank you. I used Mathway, but you had to pay for step by step solutions, which sucked. 
What level of math and chemistry can this handle? Differential equations?
You guys are saving my ass in business calc! Thanks I prefer your site its very easy and convenient to use for any calculus problems. 
As a mature student studying to go back to University, this is a brilliant tool and is helping greatly. Thank you!
How this compare to www.MathWay.com? I've always used that but it doesn't offer the steps. Does it work correctly / the same way? 
You kids have no idea how lucky you are to have such tools available to you.  I went to college in the late 90's early 00' and all I had were note sheets with formula's and examples.  

FML, this stuff would have been so much easier and understandable had I had access to this.
How this compare to www.MathWay.com? I've always used that but it doesn't offer the steps. Does it work correctly / the same way? 
This is how I passed calc 1, 2 and 3 
Literally passed Calc 2 with this.
There's a paywall to see the steps. There are massive advertisements that take up your entire screen. Down vote to hell. 
LOL, entered Integral(sin(x^3 )dx), got a "this is a nonelementary integral" with a single answer as if that was all you can do there. Bullshit - yeah, it's nonelementary, but sure as heck there are steps you use to derive the answer. It didn't just fall out of a blue sky. And this was the first thing I tried - not a good first impression. Might just as well use Wolfram Alpha and support guys who are a bit more professional about the thing.
Apparently, both probes will have enough power to collect and relay useful scientific information till around **2025**. That is one hell of a return on investment.
Here I was, thinking "of course the Delta Quadrant is fucking huge", then I realized it wasn't that Voyager.
Cruising speed:

Voyager 1 - ~17 kilometers per second

Voyager 2 - ~15 kilometers per second
Mind blowing how far they are. Somewhere out there.But not even off our front porch yet.
This may be only monument and alien race is ever finds. Those little probes may someday be the only proof we ever existed. 
&gt;Note: Because Earth moves around the sun faster than Voyager 2 is traveling from Earth, the distance between Earth and the spacecraft actually decreases at certain times of the year. 

What's the equation look like to determine this?
Is there an AMA somewhere with the NASA people who deal with the Voyager probes? It would be really interesting to hear how the technology on Earth has evolved, which challenges they have had over the years, and so on.
For some reason when I saw "live odometer" my brain pictured a live video feed of a mechanical odometer on the spacecraft.
V-ger. And we know how this ends. With whales.
The older I get (30), the more mind bending space gets.  When you're a kid, its just crazy and cool... but then you gain knowledge and your brain thinks about space completely differently. 
Anyone able to shed light on how it hasn't hit anything yet? I remember watching something explaining small dust fragments have caused dents and cracks in a shuttle for the short amount of time it's been out. 
quicktime eh? 
How long does it take the "Roundtrip Light Time from Earth" timer to advance by 1 second?
Are we still able to receive any radio signals from either Voyager?
can one imagine what 20km/s would feel/look like?
With current technology how long would it take to catch up to and pass voyager.
Its amazing how long it takes to travel to interstellar space and its mind boggling to think how long it takes to travel to other planets. I think I read it would take voyager 1 something like 75000 years to reach proxima cenuri.

So a round trip would take almost as long as the total time that humans have been on earth.
 
Makes you feel kinda small and insignificant.

Billions of miles away? How is that even possible so fast?
Cool... kinda wish they had LY also, even though it's easy to calculate it would be a nice visual.
Very cool, OP.  Thank you for sharing!
Anyone know their speed?
Reading through the articles makes me feel small and amazed at the immenseness of space
Billions of miles away? How is that even possible so fast?
Pretty fascinating stuff!
About 40km/s then?
The thing I love about this is that they're traveling so damn fast!  And the whole thing about using Jupiter to increase their speed several miles per hour - so cool!
When I first read that I thought you mean the U.S.S voyager? That went pretty far but I mean not as far as the enterprise D has gone. Then I saw the s. 
"Live"
It's just calculating where they would be at their velocity. The voyagers are for all intents and purposes (intensive purposes) turned off and are functional in case we want to turn them on for any reason. 
"How many clicks does that spaceship have on it?"

"A bit under 16.5 mil"

"Nah, let's just look at the Jeeps"
"How many clicks does that spaceship have on it?"

"A bit under 16.5 mil"

"Nah, let's just look at the Jeeps"
These programs are great!  If it weren't for programs like this, I might never have heard Thelonious Monk and John Coltrane at Carnegie Hall.  


From [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thelonious_Monk_Quartet_with_John_Coltrane_at_Carnegie_Hall):
Thelonious Monk Quartet with John Coltrane at Carnegie Hall was recorded on 29 November 1957 at "Thanksgiving Jazz", a benefit concert produced by Kenneth Lee Karpe for the Morningside Community Center in Harlem. The recording documents two sets by the Monk Quartet with Coltrane that night – an early set (tracks 1-5) and a late set (tracks 6-9), which the recording does not fully document.


The tape was stored at the Library of Congress where it sat untouched, until 2005 when it was discovered by recording lab supervisor Larry Appelbaum. The recording was then restored by producer Michael Cuscuna and T.S. Monk (Thelonious Monk's son).

The recording has been highly praised: Newsweek called it the "musical equivalent of the discovery of a new Mount Everest," and Amazon.com editorial reviewer Lloyd Sachs called it "the ultimate definition of a classic". Soon after its release, it became the #1 best selling music recording on Amazon.com.
The discovery substantially increased coverage of Monk and Coltrane's partnership; the only other recordings known are The Complete 1957 Riverside Recordings CD set (assembled from previously issued albums) and Discovery, believed to document a reunion at the Five Spot café in 1958, recorded on amateur equipment by Coltrane's first wife.


After doing five hours of maya hw I read your title and expected to find a website with 10,000 different candle models. What it actually is makes much more sense.
[Pretty sure this one isn't](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuSkg1z19kE)
You wouldn't download a wax cylinder...
Aww yeah. Who's ready for some outrageously esoteric samples in next year's rap music? I'm ready.
I wonder what the copyright status is of most of these?
No Rudy Vallee and only one Enrico Caruso. What do you want for free?
any dubstep? 
Wow, that's awesome! My music collection  is already pretty heavy on Cab Calloway and the Andrews Sisters. More contemporaries will fit in nicely.
Just in time for Fallout 4. Some of these will sound great in the background. Thanks!
Racist though. 
http://cylinders.library.ucsb.edu/search.php?queryType=@attr%201=1016&amp;query=blues&amp;num=1&amp;start=24&amp;sortBy=&amp;sortOrder=ia
This is awesome. I need a new hard drive.
This is radical thank you!
Not in the public domain if the company becomes the sole gatekeeper of the recordings most likely are. fuck it imma sample them anyway.
I did a similar thing as part of my senior project in college. It was a lot of fun designing technology that you can't buy in a store, making it work, and restoring the audio.

Sorry in advance for the terrible coding. I have no idea why the tracks take so long to load. I'm an audio guy.

Check it out! www.uvugreenalbum.com

I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/ucsantabarbara] [We're on the front page! (X-post from \/r\/ObscureMedia: 10,000 wax cylinders digitized and free to download)](https://np.reddit.com/r/UCSantaBarbara/comments/3sayor/were_on_the_front_page_xpost_from_robscuremedia/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
[Sim and Sam, the Musical Coons](http://cylinders.library.ucsb.edu/search.php?queryType=@attr%201=1016&amp;query=coons&amp;num=1&amp;start=4&amp;sortBy=&amp;sortOrder=ia)
[Oops my bad 9,999](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnsizkVjGm8)
https://youtu.be/pnsizkVjGm8
Music of the past.
Very cool, but pretty annoying having to put it through audacity every time to remove the noise. Seems like they themselves could have automated that.
Alright this is pretty cool but 128kbps MP3s? Who thought that was a good idea?
I just listened to a song by Billy Murray but no one will believe me. 
[deleted]
Provided in mp3 format...

I suppose it's better than nothing, but this really defeats the point of "preserving" them to offer them in a format other than lossless.

Edit: seems the FAQ explains that you can get WAVs but at a cost.
[deleted]
This is awesome! Thank you for sharing.
aaaand saved. Many thanks :)

This is awesome, would you use scrapbooking paper for this?
Dildo boxes. Just sayin'.
Great link, thank you.
Lifesaver! I love diy stuff like these.
What kind of paper would you print this on?
[deleted]
[I found the perfect box for christmas.](http://www.templatemaker.nl/index.php?template=coffin&amp;lang=en)

Really though, this site is great!
So awesome! This is totally helpful. Now only if I could get rid of this essential tremor. 
Last year I had an assignment where you invented a product then designed its packaging. This would have been useful. 
laser cutting some of these this weekend.  Thanks for the link!!
Fantastic! I think I will put some of my presents in milk cartons to confuse people!
Oooh, thanks for sharing!
I see comments saying this is amazing....why it's just extra work just buy a box you trash bags
Love it! Thanks a lot!
Cool!
Christmas is about to get more awesome! Thanks for the share. 
I love you. I mean, thank you.
LOUD RIP HEADPHONE USERS :(
I await the day we can run Windows 10 in our browsers some time in the future
Does this mean we can look at SERN's secret server without tracking down an IBM 5100?!?     ^/s
Hugged to death already. It must have been fun while it lasted.
Annnnnd it's dead.
Hug of death :(

If anyone's interested though, when it comes back up, there's a page that emulates Windows 95 somewhere on this site.
I wonder how many reddit users can navigate a DOS prompt :D
good thing i have no clue what im doing!
reddit hug of death?
Well, I put the date and time in.  Now what?
I opened BASIC now what!? I can't go back to the terminal. 
You killed it, reddit! How does that make you feel?
Heck, I've still got a PC/XT kicking around, and a couple of PC jrs.  The oldest machine I use regularly is a 286, but it's got TURBO! It runs some hardware that I built a couple of decades ago. 
Ahh, the ol' reddit hug of death.

Doesnt't seem to work with Edge :(

I am always at cmd it seems...and have to do "mode con: lines=50" to get the window sized decently.  Been using computers since I was ten in 1982..damn, I'm old lol
Use PCem.  It's way better, and, well, it actually emulates the real thing, along with numerous others.  Next best thing to having one.
We clearly can't start compiling code for all the parameter switches so I just broke out the wasp.
Till it loads randomly in the browser are dead, but they haven't really been replaced.
Greetings warface25. Unfortunately your submission has been removed from /r/InternetIsBeautiful for the following reason(s):

* Reddit has hugged this website to death. We are removing temporarily until the site can recover. Please leave us a mod mail message when your site has recovered.



*[Message the Mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/InternetIsBeautiful&amp;subject=My submission was removed&amp;message=I have a question regarding the removal of this [submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/comments/3tuzsj/the_original_ibm_pc_in_your_browser_and_more/\):) if you feel this was in error*. Thank you!
There I was, cramming in the last bits of studying I could manage before my Global Environment of Business test. I had faintly remembered clicking on a link about some IBM on your browser thing, but had forgotten about it to furiously flip through all my notes trying to prepare.

All of a sudden, a loud BOOOOOOOOOOOOP and my heart skips a beat. I look at my computer in worry that something had gone wrong. After all, I did just build the computer and was dreading some trouble shooting problems.

I vigorously clicked around my tabs and see an IBM looking page is open. I return to the previous page of reddit and click on the comments and see others had suffered my near heart attack.

Damn you IBM....DAMN YOU!
Running an XT/AT in your browser? Easy. Run UAE (Amiga emulator) through "Portable Native Client" in your browser, then load up "PC Task", the PC emulator for Amiga.
FUCK MY EARS ARE BLEEDING
STATUS UPDATE: So after a recent trauma upon encountering the Reddit hug of death, the site is running smoothly again 
:)
But... France is Bacon?
Is it me, or is this hugged to death?
Hello! I'm a bot who mirrors websites if they go down due to being posted on reddit.

[Here is a screenshot of the website](http://i.imgur.com/WceR2QA.png).


*Please feel free to PM me your comments/suggestions/hatemail.*

_____
[^FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/Website_Mirror_Bot/wiki/faq)
The hug is strong.
He had me at the proper use of 'whom.' 
Reminds me of Allen Ginsberg talking about how he could link himself back to Walt Whitman through the gay lovers they had in common.
It was Walpole. 
Very impressive! Thanks for the link.
Six degrees = off, rancid bacon.
Link to the vid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41_DQQii628
I honestly thought it was the "Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon." -_-
This is my professor's project- it's super cool and so is he!
Commenting in the hopes later this is unhugged.
Six Degrees of Hug
Awesome to see this on the Internets! I learned about this in my Discreet II class. Definitely worth a look!
  
Have a nice night!
I know virtually nothing about anyone in this network :(
I scrolled past this and read the title as Kevin Bacon like 7 times. Now I'm really pissed that it's not about Kevin Bacon.
Whoa!  I'm connected
Read the title and saw the url though of kevin bacon then thought of a sandwich I love Ohio http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-JcGTzkJ5Zvg/TytMxvsjCDI/AAAAAAAADlI/bstRmA5qaSM/s1600/melt_0212_kevinbacon.jpg
50 Shades of Bacon
Here's a website that shows the connections between researchers in computer science: http://research-trends.net

lame

My first click-thru had "Iraq" and "Afghanistan" as keywords. Strange to me, big spikes for Iraq in 1998:

[TIL of the 1998 Iraq Liberation Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iraq_Liberation_Act)

[President Clinton on the Act:](http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=55205)


"Today I am signing into law H.R. 4655, the "Iraq Liberation Act of 1998." This Act makes clear that it is the sense of the Congress that the United States should support those elements of the Iraqi opposition that advocate a very different future for Iraq than the bitter reality of internal repression and external aggression that the current regime in Baghdad now offers.
Let me be clear on what the U.S. objectives are:

The United States wants Iraq to rejoin the family of nations as a freedom-loving and lawabiding member. This is in our interest and that of our allies within the region.

The United States favors an Iraq that offers its people freedom at home. **I categorically reject arguments that this is unattainable due to Iraq's history or its ethnic or sectarian makeup.** Iraqis deserve and desire freedom like everyone else."

[TFW](http://imgur.com/SIiI9HS)
I'd love to see the words with the biggest disparity between Democrats and Republicans.  So far the biggest I've found is "elitist" (66% Republican).
"Butt" is almost completely bi-partisan, most popular with Texans, and had a huge spike in January 2006 (aka "the January of 2 Butts").
Reasons why British parliament is better than American congress.

1. We have mentioned the word "turd" twice, america have mentioned it zero times
Came here to check for Hitler. 

Was not disappointed. 
We live in a beautiful time. The cusp of big data. We're going to understand so much more about our social networks and how humans think and react just by data alone. It will be cool to see what language we use in fight or flight vs our higher brain functions. Sorry, I'm a little loaded at a bar. Traveling for work can be lonely. 
Something fun I have discovered: Sen. William H. Frist, R-TN, says the word "penis" more often than any other legislator in the country.
TIL Democrats and Republicans do share one thing equally - "Penis".
Apparently democrats aren't as [happy](http://capitolwords.org/?terma=happiness&amp;termb=sadness) as republicans. [They also seem to be much more aware of our presence](http://capitolwords.org/?terma=reddit&amp;termb=+).
[Obamacare vs Affordable Care Act is pretty striking.](http://capitolwords.org/?terma=Obamacare&amp;termb=Affordable+care+act) 
A quick search of "penis" taught me awesome new forms of Chinese torture. Thanks, internet!
Site is getting hugged to death fast--each search takes about 30 seconds to go through for me.
I don't care what these graphs say. The most common word, between politicians and pundits, is: "look".

Apparently, it's supposed to lend credence to their upcoming statements or opinions. People fall for this bullshit. I do not..

Once that word is muttered, I'm going to analyze your vocal rubbish even harder. Don't tell me to "look", motherfucker. Your words/point should stand on its own. Speak, and save your debate-team bullshit tactics.

It's trickery, and sadly it gives credibility to people who certainly don't deserve such. 
Do they release the raw data? Would be fascinating to see if certain legislators had trademark words that they use way more than anyone else.
"Folks" is pretty even.
'Hitler' needs to be added in the top words.

http://capitolwords.org/?terma=destroy&amp;statea=&amp;partya=&amp;termb=repair&amp;stateb=&amp;partyb=
Anyone else try all their normal porn searches? 
It's more funny to see a video source of this.
Typing in "Hitler" did not disappoint
We're going to understand so much more aware of our presence.
All the top words should be banned from Reddit titles
Unsurprisingly, Ted Cruz holds the record for most mentions of Green Eggs. 
&gt;The most brilliant propagandist technique will yield no success unless one fundamental principle is borne in mind constantly - it must confine itself to a few points and repeat them over and over. - Joseph Goebbels
I heard a report that the shooter who recently shot up planned parenthood mentioned that he wanted to "stop the sale of body parts" I immediately thought about how if you listen to any republican talk they use the same buzz word on babies body parts and sure enough if you search "body parts" the results are very interesting. Two of the top five people happen to be from Colorado. Even though that claim has been proven to be unequivocally wrong. I don't want to get overtly politicized but I think the Republican Party bears some responsibility with how hard they've been pushing that false propaganda with the all too familiar phrases that we have heard from them so often in such a recent spike of usage. 


http://capitolwords.org/term/Body_parts/



http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/29/us/colorado-planned-parenthood-shooting/

http://capitolwords.org/term/Baby_parts/




TFW I would absolutely love to see what people intentionally avoid talking about.
It will be cool to see a video source of this.
And I just want to say, but this is just the way I talk.
http://capitolwords.org/term/tits/?search=1

... who knew....
Some people were upset about it. Reasonable or unreasonably is your call.
"He lured Scott into the woods and **shit** him six times..."

Sheila Jackson-Lee, D-TX on June 17, 1999
Word "communist" most used by republicans.
In July, 2003, the word "anus" spiked.  NEVER FORGET THE GREAT ANUS SPIKE OF JULY 2003
Cool, does anyone know where the source data is? I would like to go deeper (i.e. show all word occurrences, filter by party, and so on). This may already be there and I am missing it.
very cool.
Alcohol vs Marijuana is an interesting comparison.
Movies/ Hackers: Apple Newton MessagePad 100

Kate owns a Messagepad, but doesn't seem to use it.

Realism score: 5 out of 5


That's pretty funny, also did not realize that all the computers in hackers were apples. 


Pretty cool website.
I wonder if there's also a website for the hardcore geeks among us, for the Raspberry Pi and Arduino usage in films and tv..?

"Arrow" : ["Army tracking device."](http://i.imgur.com/TSyYKBz.jpg)  
"Mr. Robot" : [Episode 4](https://i.imgur.com/Usv65gd.jpg), [and zoomed](https://i.imgur.com/s4p88OI.jpg)  
"Continuum" : [RasPi being "hacked"](https://i.imgur.com/PKqfIQm.jpg)  
"Revolution" : [Another Pi](https://i.imgur.com/r0HSxnx.jpg)  
"Person of Interest" : [And another Pi](https://i.imgur.com/UoLmthY.jpg)

edit:  
"Point Break" : [Trailer: notice 2 RasPis in the BG on 1:21 and then Full screen on 1:23](https://youtu.be/ncvFAm4kYCo?t=81)  
"Predestination" : [Arduino Pro Mini](https://i.imgur.com/7UtaegS.png)
Was looking for 1996 "Scream". I'm disappointed.  
Cool website thought.
/r/itsaunixsystem/
Was looking for Person of Interest. Was disappointed. Cool website though. 

(Admittingly, despite the computers extreme importance, I'm not sure they ever used a specific model. )
Ditto. My litmus test was Swordfish... 
Hands-down the most terrifying bad-ass use of computer is an inchoate image-enhancing processor in "No Way Out," Kevin Costner, Sean Young, Gene Hackman, George Dzundza (1987)
So, no Mr. Robot?
I was looking for American History X to see the computer Edward Furlong typed his paper on. Didn't find it though. 

A fun browse though. I'd like to see some "stats" like most used computer, most unrealistic, etc.
[Whoa.](http://www.starringthecomputer.com/computer.html?c=30)


First one I looked at had two iconic Alfreds using the same computer almost 10 years apart.
Where are Chandler's notebooks? 
I wish the stars looked more different.  They mostly look the same to me, so I can't tell a three-star rating from a five-star rating.  I know my color vision isn't the best, but I can't be the only person with eyes like mine in the entire world.

This website is either:

* A) A porn website for robots
* B) The IMBD/Hall of Fame for robots
* C) The Book of Genesis ...for robots
This superbly well edited [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzgAzasqbpA&amp;feature=youtu.be) is a visual collage of most of the film sequences found on the above website. 
Paging /u/Ripster55
strange that Steins;Gate is not on there, given that a IBM 5100 is of crucial importance to the plot
Should crosspost this over at:

/r/FUI (Fantasy User Interfaces)
They should update their design, its awful.
For some reason i feel that there should be more sony vaios.
Doogie howser md completely omitted 
no leverage? cmon.
Had to go check that Louisiana allowed open containers. It doesn't. Makes me wonder how accurate the rest of this list is. 
It's legal to drive while drinking alcohol in Mississippi!? Damn
Having grown up in NJ, I can confirm, the road police there are not friendly in the least.
the map format is weird to me. Both Maryland and Mass appear to be land locked?
I think it would be ideal if everyone everywhere just drove and didn't text or use their phones or eat or whatever. Distracted driving is as bad or worse than drunk driving. America is in too much of a hurry these days and I wish we would all slow down a bit.
Why is it inadvisable to drive barefoot? 
Heads up, this is out of date. It is currently illegal to stay in the passing lane in Indiana.
Is it legal to show a cop my penis while sitting in my car ?
Warning, everything is illegal in Florida.  

Remember our old motto:  

"Come on vacation, leave on probation."  
This list has several inaccuracies. For instance, there are definitely laws on the books in CO regarding driving while high on weed. There's even testing for it (which may not be that accurate) and a threshold that is used to determine unsafe levels in the driver. 
Says it's illegal to wear headphones while driving in CA, its not. You can wear one, just not both. 
Chart is wrong, it is not illegal to text/use cell phone and drive in Texas. Some cities have ordinances but no statewide ban.

http://www.txdot.gov/driver/laws/cellphones.html

 Makes me wonder how well researched the rest of their chart is.

i'm in Kansas City (MO) and most cabs will let you drink in the car. It is certainly up to their discretion, but not illegal and totally awesome.
I got a ticket (to fix) for a cracked windshield in Arizona last year. I don't think this list is too accurate.
Accurate or not, I'm just gonna try not to drive like an asshole, until someone corrects/tickets me. This article is quiet irrelevant to drivers who respect others.
There is no state law against open containers in mississippi, however, every County has a law against them. 
In Florida you are not allowed to drive high, but this says it's inadvisable... 
Eating while driving is considered distracted driving.
Did not see a "store dead hooker in trunk" list. Not very user friendly.
You can totally text and drive in Michigan (except Detroit). However, if you cause an accident, there are increased penalties. And driving barefoot? Have they actually been to Michigan? The whole west coast of Michigan is a giant beach. I'm pretty sure that whole unadvisable category is wrong. I wouldn't trust this site.

Edit: Detroit
TIL that it is illegal to drive in the fast lane in ten states. ಠ_ಠ 
Being from Rhode Island I have to say I love that map.
Driving in the fast lane in Texas is illegal, not merely inadvisable.  At least that's true on I40.
This says it's not illegal to drive high in Colorado but it certainly is. You can be dragged to the hospital and given a blood test which has an extremely low limit to charge you with DUI.
In Washington state is is illegal to throw bottles of human waste, AKA "Trucker Bombs", from the window of a moving vehicle. While it's just a misdemeanor, It's punishable with up to a $1000 fine or 6 months in jail.
Prosecuting someone for driving while tired is bullshit.  There are so many different circumstances that would cause a person to need to drive while tired.  Being tired isn't an avoidable thing like being drunk.  By this law I would've been screwed the first few month or so that I had to adjust to working on night shift.  Luckily I live in Maryland
Looks like its in my best interest to move to Mississippi according to this guy!
All these laws should be the same throughout the entire country.
Damn it, I always wondered about the headphones thing. I do that all the time and get nervous when I see a cop, but I never actually knew if it was illegal. Now I know it is.

Also, I have never, ever heard of the fast lane being a "passing lane." I am from CA so maybe that's why, but this is an alien concept to me. Why would there be a lane you can't drive in? Plus that's the lane you have to drive in if you want to go faster than granny speeds.
Quite a few things on this chart seem to be flat out wrong.  Waste of time.
Also been lifelong massachusetts driver never seen/heard of anyone getting a ticket for driving in fast lane and not passing.  I guess technically if anyone else is on road your passing.
Hmm, it says that it is legal in Virginia to drive with an open container.  I think that should instead be listed as at least inadvisable.  It may be allowed for a passenger to have an open container, but get caught with one in the car while driving alone, and you could be brought up on charges even with a .01 BAC.
i find it bizarre you can drive high in america yet here in the UK if you've even smoked quite a bit prior to an incident but your bloodworm sure THC you can get done for drug-driving...
[Beautiful indeed.](http://i.imgur.com/64LzGEU.png)
That is the moon of Endor, not the actual planet. [The actual planet](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Endor_(planet) is a gas giant.
My first reaction this was; Is there seriously only 4 planets in this game?

Have they at least made a lot of maps out of the planets?
I love how the term "interactive" in the age of HTML5 websites usually just means... Play this full screen video with pauses and little popups for more information.
/r/HailCorporate is calling
The most amazing thing about this site is that none of it is done using Flash.
I laughed at the part with the Shock Troopers on Tatooine.
Shock Troopers: These troops can withstand a lot of blaster damage! 
*dies in two shots*
nice try ea
ummmm.. where is the death star map?
[Yeah, sure.](http://i.imgur.com/0545eA6.png)
sullust looks incredible! that'll easily be my favorite world to play on. followed by endor. 
Dat speeder bike video.
What the fuck is this shit
This is awesome!!
This is just a blatant ad. In fact your recent post history is a massive stream of comments and trailers about this game. 
This is an advertisement. 
This is making me very excited for the game.
Fett looks like a lot of fun to rampage with, eclectic killing
Yay, only 4 worlds and no space combat. Just kidding its battlefront so I'll have a boner until it comes out
Wow that took quite a while to load.
Does Han Solo stand any chance against Darth Vader in the game? 
Red lasers everywhere. Other colors in DLC.
how am i supposed to go through all of the planets here and justify not buying a PS4 to get this game? God dammit.
Can't wait to play on Endor. The detail in that map looks insane. 
stuck at 95% :(
Who is getting it? I played Battlefront 2 but when I played the beta for the new one I was blown away by the graphics. Even the website is a work of art. I only play in 3rd person, I don't understand why people don't.

4 planets in the base game? Seriously? I was thinking there would be at least 6. Just another reason why I wont be buying the game.
The most amazing thing about this site is that none of it is done using Flash.
Dat Endor tho!
I could remove this if mods want to, a lot of people seemingly think it's an ad.
Basically a bunch of videos that pause and let you click on 3 things periodically. Dumb.
Can we get rid of the blatant advertising, please?
The negative comments are bullshit. This was awesome!

I can't believe how awesome they got endor looking.
This is just a hunch, but if less money was spent on an interactive website and other marketing activities then perhaps more money could have been in the budget for making new features such as dedicated space battles or to help change the public opinion that EA aren't drug pushers that force (push) the newest and "best" games into our idle and non thinking faces. Then again I don't know a whole lot about about game manufacturing but I do know when I'm having fun, I did not have fun playing the beta. I'm Duncan ballentine and for that reason I'm out
Leia is still wearing her Hoth winter coat on Tatooine. I'm starting to think this game will ship very incomplete.
Wow, EA put more effort into this than they did into the actual game. 
This shit sucked. It's in 720p and the puasing between videos is annoying as fuuuuuuuuck. Yes, I know why it puases. It's still shit. And the info is trivial. This is a fucking add too. Get it off here Janitors
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/hailcorporate] [Literally a battlefront add on \/r\/Internetisbeautiful](https://np.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/3rxpim/literally_a_battlefront_add_on/)

- [/r/redditfox] [\[\/r\/InternetIsBeautiful\] The Planets of Star Wars: Battlefront - an amazing interactive website \[chart in comments\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditFox/comments/3roqow/rinternetisbeautiful_the_planets_of_star_wars/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
The new Deathstar is inside Hoth. The whole planet, mountains and all gets blasted out of orbit when the reactor starts up and the gravity stops.
No gameplay from the prequels? :'(
Wish it didn't have a 200 song cap because I have a 900 song playlist but I love the concept. 
someone should pipe this into a youtube to mp3 computer and just completely streamline the piracy workflow.
Which there were a way to convert from a YT playlist to spotify
Thanks for this! Exactly what i was looking for!
This is a fantastic idea, hopefully it find most of the songs and doesn't give badly recorded on a phone at a gig versions as well.
Good for Chromecast to. Create a Spotify playlist then play all the videos on tv. 
I can't seem to edit the playlist once its been made. Anyone know how to fix?
Now we just need a way to put youtube song playlists into spotify :)
doesn't really work for me..it only shows two of my playlists..even though all of my playlists would be within the limitations..am I missing something?
Is there a tool that converts my youtube playlists to a text file?
Is that Wario's mustache on the thumbnail?
Nice link. Wish it would work in germany, too: 

&gt;"Dieses Video ist in Deutschland leider nicht verfügbar, da es möglicherweise Musik enthält, für die die erforderlichen Musikrechte von der GEMA nicht eingeräumt wurden"
If you are having issues loading all of your playlists, please know that it's nothing you are doing wrong. You can try refreshing the page several times. I'm contacting Spotify and working with them to resolve this issue.
Doesn't work for me...

"To create a playlist, your Google account needs a YouTube channel. Please create a channel to continue." -&gt; Click on "Create Youtube channel" .. -&gt; Youtube reports I already have a channel.....

Propely logged in with correct accounts to Spotify &amp; Youtube.
This is awesome, Just hooked myself and my bestie up on this. 
Doesn't seem to run in any browser I tried:
"Your platform does not support the draw buffers extension. This demo won't run in your browser."
[My new desktop background](http://imgur.com/Ust8Jbk)
[I think I broke something](http://imgur.com/HYzU8Fx)
I rendered the default scenes in 4k with the max settings. Very fun!

http://imgur.com/a/tRR4d

Does someone knows an image hoster for files larger than 10mb? And if someone has suggestions on what to render, I'm here all day.

Edit: imgur treats those images horribly, I would love to upload them as lossless png. 

Edit 2: Gallery of all preset scenes and their different spreads! https://www.mediafire.com/?dy6hapo5pe685
That is awesome!
my quick attempt 
http://imgur.com/gallery/wAo2HyU/new
ELI5, what is this?
I only got derpy
Fun! Performance is really impressive too!
I have to say this is very awesome, I'm very happy to have found this!
This is the neatest thing I've seen since the last neatest thing I saw.
Goodbye productive morning at work.
neat.
ELI5: how can one do this with WebGL? Is this all in the fragment and vertex shaders? 
Has anyone been able to move the lenses around?

It crashes my computer when I try to load that page in chrome. I have a 650ti and windows 10. Happen to anyone else?
All I get is a black screen
[Whoa there!](http://imgur.com/v6PdQ6G)
[Didn't work on my browser, but wasn't disappointed](https://benedikt-bitterli.me/tantalum/derp.gif)
Oh I'm feeling hardcore today. I'll take the *Internet explorer 4.0*
One look at that Netscape browser and I was immediately transported back to being twelve years old, secretly looking at porn while my parents watched TV upstairs.
"161 users ahead of you, please hold." lolol 
Can anyone recommend some search engines and popular websites. I forgot everything.
Dang it I was hoping to see Netscape Communicator, simply because I miss seeing that ship helm. 
But where is IE6, the pinnacle of IE evolution? 
One look at that Netscape browser and I was hoping to see Netscape Communicator, simply because I miss seeing that ship helm.
My god I went to go-Gaia.com. The nostalgia was real. Wish I wouldn't have gotten myself banned now.
The title sounds like a great writing prompt...
Ironically the page was broken with FF, but worked in IE. Not something I run across very often.
No Pine?
Why??
I felt gross looking at those old toolbars and colors...
This site shows all generating sources combined. http://www.gridwatch.templar.co.uk/
Wow, I didn't expect it to be that high. It's currently (no pun intended) generating 9.4% of all the UK's energy.

From the site:

&gt;The UK has more operational wind farms than the rest of the world combined

A lot of people complain about the wind farms looking unsightly but I quite like them.
It only shows offshore. Makes me wonder what the total is.
This website http://www.gridwatch.templar.co.uk/ shows the entire UK grid's energy production.
This is something similar for Denmark:
http://energinet.dk/EN/El/Sider/Elsystemet-lige-nu.aspx
It shows imports and exports and total energy production split by source.
nice post but anything not comparative to america hardly gets any upvotes
&gt; This page, refreshed hourly, shows the **estimated** total electricity being generated by offshore wind around the UK
Wow, 50% coal and gas... 
Did you watch that BBC documentary the other day too? hehe
Generally winds energy is a bit more efficient in Europe as it seems to always be a bit more windy.  I think it takes upwards of 13-15mph to get them to produce any kind of real volume. 
Does anyone have a US equivalent? This is very cool
I wonder how much more power is generated by onshore wind power.
You can scroll that map right around the world, FYI.
[We have the same thing for ontario](http://live.gridwatch.ca/home-page.html)
We have one for Hawaii! http://islandpulse.org/
[deleted]
This site validates all of my personal opinions. Therefore, I love it. Go Jackson; Go VT.
Man, my local ski resort isn't even on the list. That's how you know it sucks.
It's an alright ranking, but I can't believe they're not rating mouthfeel. 
Alta is one of my favorite places on the planet (I even got married there). Happy to see it at #2!
An interesting concept, and I love the use of data. However, there are intangibles that cannot be taken into account, as well as the fact that data cannot encompass how nice the runs are, how crowded the place feels, etc.

For example, I can say from extensive personal experience that there is no way Squaw or Kirkwood in CA are "better" than Heavenly. Unless you like spending more time in line for chairlifts than actually skiing, or not being able to sit down and enjoy a meal at the lodge in between runs because of the crowds.
Hi Redditors, thanks for noticing ZRankings. We've been doing quite a bit of work on the site—with a couple of big features to be added in the next few weeks, so please keep a watch for those. Also, if you've any suggestions on what would be ultra useful to skiers on a platform like ours, just blurt 'em out. Re: poster who prefers Durango to Snowbird--there's some subjectivity in all of these things, to be sure, but that complaint is a new one. I'd be interested to know what you think Purgatory has over the 'Bird. --Chris
I looked at this last year and it was total shit, looks like they've improved it quite a bit.
not in agreement with the east coast ranking. Okemo is not better than okemo, not even in the slightest.
My one visit to Jackson Hole pointed out a disadvantage that other places aren't as affected by.  Because you pretty much have to get there by small plane, if there are storms, you might lose a day or two waiting to fly in, or get stuck a day or two trying to leave.

I made it in on a white-knuckle flight where I almost hurked.  A friend who was flying in from another city didn't get there until a day later.  Then we all had to drive out to Salt Lake at the end of the trip.

The boarding was excellent though :)
I painted towers at Loon and Wyndham! Surprised Snowbowl in VT isn't on here. That looked like some brutal runs.
Things get kinda wonky after the top 5.
I can't believe Snowbird is higher on the list than Durango. I used to make the 3hr longer drive to Purgatory every other weekend instead of going to Snowbird. 

On a side note; Hey, Alyeska #8, sweet. I can't wait til they open. I already have 2 trips planned this year. 
This is a great resource for people interested in the book, but it is definitely solidifying in me the opinion that Ulysses and Finnegan's Wake are to literature as Dark Souls is to video games.
[Here's](http://www.fweet.org/) another website that does something similar and provides an extremely extensive search engine for *Finnegan's Wake*.
Any idea what the different colors in the notes mean? Great resource, but I wish I could navigate it better...
Well when they said FW was inanity he said he could justify every word. 
[deleted]
I also recommend the podcast "Reading Finnegan's Wake", and Reading Ulysses. They are what convinced me that Joyce really was one of the best writers in the history of the English language, or at least one of the ones with the best command over language.
Impressive!

The book, however, is still unreadable.

Hello! I'm a bot who mirrors websites if they go down due to being posted on reddit.

[Here is a screenshot of the website](http://i.imgur.com/GvTtUy4.png).


*Please feel free to PM me your comments/suggestions/hatemail.*

_____
[^FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/Website_Mirror_Bot/wiki/faq)
Finnegan's Wake [as a Twitter account](https://twitter.com/finnegansreader). Somebody has set it up to auto tweet. The discreet shots of language are beautiful like koans.

Same person kindly set up a [Ulysses by James Joyce](https://twitter.com/UlyssesReader) Twitter account. IMHO a great way to appreciate these linguistic *tours de force*.

Is there a version of this for Ulysses?
This is an awesome site. Makes you emotionally invested in the victim.
I was really hoping that "ignore the problem" was the right answer for these.
A good site, though they didn't provide a seizure or stroke victim. Breathing may not stop, but those are still critical to know.
I did pretty well but now I have to go and lie the fuck down. 
I like it but it stops loading halfway through the second scenario... I WANT TO SAVE REBECCA BUT SHE'S STILL CHOKING!!! Very frustrating!
Holy shit why don't we have those AED packs EVERYWHERE?
In the first scenario:

"You're not trained at emergency response. What do you do?"  
A. Charge right at them.  
B. Observe the scene for dangers first. 

What about choice C: Maybe stop the fucking police man who nearly runs you over and ask him to help out?
There should be a lot more of such interactive lessons.
Sure first aid courses are much better, but it's great to refresh the knowledge.
Wish one of the options was "tell the idiots watching to call a bloody ambulance, and stop screaming so I can concentrate"

I tried to stay in tune to "Staying Alive" but was still going too fast.

Also, it says to keep checking for food in the second one - why? Would it not be better to do all 5 before checking? Is hitting their back/thrusts detrimental if you do it to someone who isn't joking?
That's Daisy Ridley as the rescuer in film 3.
They had me at Daisy Ridley. My priorities are definitely in order. Haha.
I'm studying to be an EMT, this site many years ago to refresh myself in preparation for a while now.
The second one was hard for me to get through.  I had choked in a restaurant surrounded by my friends, much like in the scene, and I got to about halfway to where the girl was (bent over and having to put your hand on their back) as a friend banged my back with his palm and eventually the food came out.  Watching this, I could actually feel the food back in my throat, really scary stuff.
I think I have PTSD now.  Heh.  This shit is too real.  But, now I have a clue as to what to do.  
Shit that was harrowing
Oh my god that was heartbreaking! I nearly cried after Jake, I never cry but goddamit if it wasn't for me he'd be dead now. Suggesting everyone gets this, hopefully they'll never need to use it but that knowledge could save a life. 
Would like to see one for a baby, but I realize that is harder to film with an actual baby. 
Hey it's Daisy Ridley from Star Wars in the third one. Also that was stressful as fuck.
&gt;Sorry, the Lifesaver app is not available in your country

Just.. why? What would even be a reason for that?
TIL: How to save someones life, therefore, reddit saves lives. gg wp
Got Very good on all of them first try ;P
The idea is cool, but why it only generates spooky skeleton music, independent of any setting I choose?
This is the best I've seen http://www.abundant-music.com
Here's a video of what it can make https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6haUes-usG4
"Procedural music, taught with data from real artists"

Presumably painters not musicians as that was some fucking awful noise.
If anything this project has reassured me that humans still have a good 5-10 years before robots take over the entertainment industry
It's a shame that WolframTones died.
This is cool but the major and minor drop down box hardly affects anything. 

The problem is that the minor scale is IN the major scale. By using the notes in the major scale you can make a song sound minor. It's all just reorganizing the major scale. 


Isn't it a good feeling that apart from visual processing and recognition of patterns making music is another thing where computers are far behind humans? This also means there is a lot of space for improvement.
The blocks in the background remind me of picross
So, am i the only one who only gets a drum beat, and nothing more?
Seems obvious
http://imgur.com/PcBv9bR
Is it that bad in murica? - http://i.imgur.com/VV0O26Q.png
If i were to live in vatican city i would be more catholic, thanks!
[US vs. Vatican City](http://imgur.com/ofeFQwo)
Don't feel like living the American Dream anymore. 
TIL I am probably in prison.
This says i would spend far more on health care in the uk, but nhs anyone? 
http://i.imgur.com/CVSK1ZX.jpg

[No shit ..really?!](http://i.imgur.com/gu7dehT.gif) whoa just whoa ... 
Well, this proves it. It sucks to live in America. 

All of you should GTFO!
That is neat
Love the maps of the two countries laid over each other.  Real eye opener and great site.
http://i.imgur.com/5Yn47zz.png 

To be honest, most of the negative comparisons here like how likely you are to be in prison are subjective. If i don't commit any criminal offenses, i probably wont be in prison. Same thing with HIV. The only thing that bothers me is the murder chance and the healthcare, but at least i can have a job. 

But maybe i just don't know enough, the US is way to big to really compare.


Also, poor Somalia: http://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/BA/SO
R.I.P Murica http://imgur.com/3nupx1Q
I guess the US is larger when you move it up north..

http://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/CA/US


edit: Wow.. wtf...

http://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/US/CA

This is amazing!!!
I love this idea. Are there ANY other services offering this? I feel like this could blow up to something amazing.
Really cool. Hope to see it replace strawpoll, definitely can in terms of functionality.
First issue I see off the bat is that when you click the link a second time it does not collapse the option. Cool idea but if I can't embed that poll into my own site I would have to link others to your chilledlime site. Do you handle redirecting back from the source? Looks like an interesting idea though.
Starting off with Youtube and Soundcloud embeds.
Planning to add more services over time. For ex.: Vimeo, Imgur, Instagram, Twitter.

EDIT: just added a poll to measure which services to add. [http://www.chilledlime.com/poll.php?id=106](http://www.chilledlime.com/poll.php?id=106)
Why "chilled lime" if you don't mind me asking?
http://www.chilledlime.com/poll.php?id=73
http://www.chilledlime.com/poll.php?id=135&amp;result=true
Why do you alert the user that you use cookies to track usage and preferences?
But if everyone who has seen both movies pick Movie B should be higher on the list to make it my self.
Although that cookie law thing is a bit expensive if things go well.
Why do they need to know whether you use cookies to track usage and preferences?
related to lime wire???
Of course people can just lie and say they've seen every movie on the list so we know how credible their opinion is?
This is real nice.

* Is there any other logic to stop someone from cheating the results by deleting the cookies to then vote again?
* Any thought of being able to embed the poll into our own sites as a widget of some sort?
Sort of unrelated but can someone make a website where people vote on stuff AND also say they've read/watch/experienced the other items on the list so we know how credible their opinion is? For example lets say someone posts the question "What's the greatest movie in the world?". Say Movie A has the most number of votes and Movie B has the second most number. But if everyone who has seen both movies pick Movie B as the best then Movie B should be higher on the list, despite having less votes. Of course people can just lie and say they've seen every movie on the list to make their answer more credible so there needs to be a system in place to keep that from happening.
This is honestly amazing, and really well done.
Crazy to watch an astronaut fall over. So dangerous! http://apollo17.org/?t=121:01:05
Here's another one: http://apollo17.org/?t=165:36:42

This is awesome. I know what I'll be listening while working all day. 
pfff yeah, so what, I landed on the mun a bunch of times, no big deal
It's somehow surprising to me that there is so little latency in the conversation back to HQ. They're talking in absolute real time.   
I mean, yeh, it makes sense given the technology they're using but... I just never imagined it that way, you know?
I got to see this mission launch when I was 14. Only Apollo night launch and the last fully loaded Saturn V. I'm grateful I got to see and hear it. The noise from 3 miles away was overwhelming, it blocked all other sounds. 
Is there a way to get an mp3 of the audio? This would be great stuff to fall asleep to, very relaxing
Wow! this is amazing!
That we could do this 45 years ago is just amazing.
PSA: Reddit killed another website...  It's loading but running very slow.  Thanks Interneticans.
This is fantastic!  But in 300+ hours, I'll need another mission.  Perhaps Apollo 13?
I randomly picked a timestamp and got an awesome quote. 

MC: "Gene and Jack, we're still marveling at the beautiful television pictures that we're getting from your TV camera there. It's fun, in fact, to watch the - the tracks that you're leaving behind in - in the - the lunar soil, both footprints and Rover tracks. And some of us are down here now reflecting on what sort of mark or track will someday disturb the tracks that you leave behind there tomorrow."

GC: "That's an interesting thought, Joe, but I think we all know that somewhere, someday, someone will be here to disturb those tracks."
Excellent submission.
Just spent over two hours fast-forwarding through 13 days of the Apollo 17 mission, last of the program. Puts the Apollo missions really in perspective. Last man on moon was Eugene Cernan, son of a Slovak father and Czech mother. Being Slovak myself, this gives me a smile. I'm sure at that time, Gene wouldn't have thought that he'd be the last man on moon even 43 years later. 
What's the computer clock overflow prevention thing at 150:30:55?
&gt;150:30:55 	Mission Control 	Roger, Gene. Apparently, the Surgeon is happy with either of those &gt;days. And we want you to turn to - right now, to 5-7 in the checklist and perform that - one particular step at &gt;150 hours, which will prevent the computer clock from overflowing. And that's the "PROCEED, VERB 37 &gt;ENTER, 06 ENTER, PROCEED" step. We'll stand by for that. Give us a mark as you start it. Over.
I found the century view to be an incredibly depressing reminder of my mortality...
This is *so* cool! Reminds me of that gif/video that slowly zooms out from Earth and compares it to other celestial bodies.
I really like this. Thanks for sharing!
I think this is the inspiration for this website. The video is from late 2013, but I dunno about the website.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XkV6IpV2Y0
That certainly does portray we humans as small and insignificant.  
Thank goodness we know we aren't
Really awesome
All the "animal" ones just look like birds. Really cool, though!
A cool version of this could be, if you were to be presented with 3 slightly different images, and the one you choose, will produce 3 slightly different copies.. in theory, by clicking enough times on the image, you can produce anything from chaos..

It would work a little like natural selection... 
This is so much fun. Been doing this for 30 minutes!
I relly liek tihs siet.  

EDIT: Where's the download link? Should it appear under my comment?
Do you mean font?

Font: A font is the combination of typeface and other qualities, such as size, pitch, and spacing. For example, Times Roman is a typeface that defines the shape of each character.

Typo: a typographical error (e.g.: redit vs reddit [left typo])

However, cool site

Edit: typo,  oh the irony 
[I made it as fucked up as I could.](http://i.imgur.com/kElld3a.png)
r/titlegore
Jesus that title couldn't have been more poorly chosen.

That said, good site. Took me a while to figure out what the use of a typo was, though -___-
If you like this, you have to try [Space Engine](http://en.spaceengine.org/). 

You're welcome.
This website is making my screen jitter. This is really neat though. ^_^
This is fantastic! Thank you. I have no idea how any of the people on IIB sub accomplish anything. Everything is so awesome!

Truly amazing.
If you like this type of thing check out the game elite dangerous. Fictional yes but very fun. They should be updating so you can land on planets soon
Why is it taking so long to load though?
If you *really* want a tour of the galaxy, check out the PC/XboxOne game /r/elitedangerous with all it's *400 billion+ explorable star* ***systems*** *and their neighboring planets*...

Let it sink in... 

Now go look, and or buy if you have the hardware
Does this work for porn stream sites!?!?
Thanks! I was looking for this yesterday, to fix this clip of [The Wolf](http://stretch.site/?videoUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DwWmRTjLRMfU&amp;scaleFactor=1.338&amp;zoomFactor=1.000) from Pulp Fiction.
I can't wait to try this.Thanks.
🙏
I made stretch.site. I don't really like the name. Can anybody think of a better one?
Cool
Horizontalize.io would be a real killer, although I doubt we currently have video processing algorithms smart enough to do this.
I prefer http://www.historicaerials.com/. Has the same maps, plus aerial imagery in a lot of areas. You can overlay current roads on old imagery/maps plus theres an option that lets you easily switch back and forth between older and newer images. Site is a bit slow though.
There goes the rest of my night
Thanks.  I just spent an hour there and it felt like 5 minutes.
Something interesting I found out about my area, There used to be a navy airfield in the middle of Fleming Island, Florida. When it went out of use, it was used for drag racing. This was in the 60's. The called it "Thunderbolt Dragway", as the Navy supposedly stored a large number of P-47s (Thunderbolts) there. When the airfield was torn down to make way for an elementary school, they named the school "Thunderbold Elementary." Just something I found Interesting.
I am into genealogy so this is great for me.  Thanks for sharing.
Great website ;)
So in other words it does not do the one useful thing that everyone thinks it does. It just lets you send a text message to its own servers. Nothing physical happens out there in the real world.

How is this even possible? Wow. Is it guaranteed that the address will receive the message?
i sent a message to myself. so...what, do i get a postcard in the mail or something? they really don't explain what happens very well.
We need one of these for license plates.
For everyone wondering how it works, from their "Latest" page:

&gt; Filtering functionality coming soon, along with ability to 'claim' an address so only you can read the Addressages sent to that address. Stay tuned.

So you would go to this site, claim the address as yours. Then you are the only one who can read messages on the site sent to that address.

Assuming it has no API or ways of being sent to other technologies, and since this thing isn't done yet I'm sure it's limited to the web at the moment, you have to go to the site to receive a message. At least at the moment.

They could do something cooler with it, eventually. It's possible.
i seem to have broken it 
From the creator of the [interactive Interstellar wormhole and black hole](http://sirxemic.github.io/Interstellar/) comes a somewhat more accurate simulation of a wormhole with a longer throat.
This nearly put my cpu on fire
0/10 Murph let me leave 
How far in do I have to be to see the Prophets?
How do I go in...
You can say you are *deepthroating* that wormhole
When I was about halfway through the wormhole, I noticed I could see 3 Earths; the main one, then two compressed Earths on the side. What's the reasoning for that?
that first video, the mathematical simulation... I am pretty sure that's what being drunk is like
The first movie depicts what happens when you try to fly your quadcopter without calibrating your ESC's first.
[wtf happened halfway through last year](http://i.imgur.com/7pfJKKr.png)
[First thing I checked. Close battle.](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=boobs.tits&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150830&amp;smoothing=30)
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;

the look of disapproval has died and lenny took off.
[its the best i could do](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=what_the_fuck.did_you.just_fucking.say_about.me_you.little_bitch&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
We all know what happened with this one.
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=the_dress&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=what%as_in_the_safe.in_the_safe&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=what%as_in_the_safe.banana_for_scale&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=thank_mr_skeltal&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10
No we can all remember the 2 big "swag" peaks in history.

May 2012 and February 2015

[Swag](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=swag&amp;start=20141218&amp;end=20150628&amp;smoothing=10)

May we never use that word again.

[very interesting](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=never.gonna.give.you%20up.let.you%20down&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
[Its a conspiracy](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=jet.fuel.cant.melt.steel.beams.steel%20beams.jet%20fuel%20cant%20melt%20steel%20beams&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
February 2015 was a great month for [potato](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=potato&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150830&amp;smoothing=10)
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=isis&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10 Isis. 
Pro tip: Type in slang.
Remember when we all said pr0n?
"pwned" became less used over time. 

I feel old. 
huh... interesting 

https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=reddit&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10
Dat Beach Boys reference
there needs to be an app for this.
Great playlist, shame the podcast only has one episode..


Just accidentally blasted my other half awake with a Bongo-funk rendition of In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida.

So yeah, I'm saving the balls out of this! Thank you.
I'd love to hear old NEWS broadcasts from the past.
Seriously. As a DJ, nearly every song I've heard from this station is like stumbling across that out-of-print vinyl gold!
This is so good I'll actually send them some bucks because I want it to be there.  Does it loop after some time or are they shuffled?  Haven't heard a repeat yet but only listened for an hour.
This is awsome!
any difference between this and the other one that i used like a while ago that was on IIR?
I just used this instead of emailing a link to myself like usual. Great site!
Went back later and someone named Jacob had added to it. I am currently fairly frightened.
[This was on /r/InternetIsBeautiful a few days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/comments/3rpotn/simplesavr_simply_create_and_view_text_in_all/)
I love the result "trump" gives, try it yourself.
Use of the word escalated escalated quickly in 2012.
I wish there was a side by side comparison for 4chan. It'd be neat to see data on meme migration. 
This is neat.. Are the graphs normalized for number of users? 
Apparently only 4% of reddit uses the word "the"

Actually I have no idea what the 4% is, nothing is labeled so who knows what that is a percentage of; redditors, words, idk....
Narwhal, bacon, salty, deGrasse...
The word "the" had a spike in use on Christmas 2011. Why?
Type in 'cunt' and ponder on why it surges in popularity sometime after new years...
"Muh" yielded some surprising results.
"meta" is meta
["Dank"](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=dank&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
I love it. http://needsmorelensflare.com/bWR1KAd.jpg
http://needsmorelensflare.com/XIJ2D7E.jpg
yep, perfect.
Beautiful indeed: http://needsmorelensflare.com/WiBPXIV.jpg
I think there's something in this. Nsfw: http://needsmorelensflare.com/bLjDaNC.jpg
[Caption this.](http://i.imgur.com/jZf9vEv.jpg?1)
Eli5?
Obligatory JJ Abrams comment here.

[Exclusive Star Trek concept art.](http://needsmorelensflare.com/YecZLzt.jpg)
502 Bad Gateway :(
502 bad gateway
Geezus fudge how horrifying.
MAAAGICAL

srsly though, you could use this for note-passing at school
..how does this work?
1. At college  
2. Type "if you can read this, Help Me!" into Savr
3. ???
4. Profit
All of my devices have unique IP addresses.  Do you mean same subnet?
only in qld
I like how 90% of houses have a reported crime in Brisbane at least. So many unlawful entries...
i swear everywhere i see on reddit, its always Australia, is this a sign, or im i high
I'd love to make something like this &gt;&lt;. I wonder how they got access to all the data, and which programming language(s) they used and stuff.
Interesting. You can tell which houses stick out like sore thumbs for being drug houses and you can gauge the peace factor of neighbourhood pockets too. 
Anything like this for the US?
I can't find any crimes expect in Brisbane, this site must be broken.
damn Australians and their unlawful entry
Neat, you'd have imagined this type of tool would have been made already.
one quintillion, one hundred eighty-nine quadrillion, nine hundred ninety-eight trillion, eight hundred nineteen billion, nine hundred ninety-one million, one hundred ninety-seven thousand, two hundred fifty-three
I think this site is very handy. I like your shared site. 
Now I just need to find a bank to cash this check I wrote for three hundred twenty-one octovigintillion, three hundred sixty-eight septenvigintillion, four hundred seventy-nine sexvigintillion, six hundred thirteen quinvigintillion, six hundred fifty-two quattuorvigintillion, four hundred sixty-eight trevigintillion, seven hundred ninety-eight duovigintillion, seven hundred ninety-eight unvigintillion, seven hundred ninety-four vigintillion, six hundred thirteen novemdecillion, two hundred eighteen octodecillion, four hundred fifteen septendecillion, five hundred nineteen sexdecillion, eight hundred forty-six quindecillion, five hundred thirteen quattuordecillion, two hundred sixteen tredecillion, five hundred seventy-nine duodecillion, eight hundred seventy-six undecillion, nine hundred fifty-one decillion, four hundred thirty-two nonillion, thirty-two octillion, one hundred sixty-eight septillion, seven hundred ninety-eight sextillion, seven hundred sixty-five quintillion, one hundred thirty-two quadrillion, two hundred twenty-one trillion, three hundred forty-eight billion, four hundred eighty-four million, five hundred fifty-five thousand, six hundred eighty-six dollars
three and one hundred forty-one trillion, five hundred ninety-two billion, six hundred fifty-three million, five hundred eighty-nine thousand, seven hundred ninety-three quadrillionths
Doesn't have an option for British English, unfortunately.
Don't show this to /r/counting. 

3473458346725734734683468346834

"three nonillion, four hundred seventy-three octillion, four hundred fifty-eight septillion, three hundred forty-six sextillion, seven hundred twenty-five quintillion, seven hundred thirty-four quadrillion, seven hundred thirty-four trillion, six hundred eighty-three billion, four hundred sixty-eight million, three hundred forty-six thousand, eight hundred thirty-four dollars"
eight hundred eighty-three octovigintillion, eight hundred thirty-seven septenvigintillion, six hundred fifty-four sexvigintillion, five hundred sixty-five quinvigintillion, four hundred thirty-four quattuorvigintillion, five hundred sixty-five trevigintillion, four hundred fifty-six duovigintillion, five hundred forty-five unvigintillion, six hundred fifty-four vigintillion, three hundred fifty-six novemdecillion, five hundred forty-three octodecillion, four hundred fifty-six septendecillion, seven hundred sixty-five sexdecillion, four hundred thirty-four quindecillion, five hundred forty-three quattuordecillion, two hundred forty-five tredecillion, three hundred forty-five duodecillion, six hundred seventy-eight undecillion, nine hundred eighty-seven decillion, six hundred fifty-four nonillion, three hundred twenty-three octillion, four hundred fifty-six septillion, seven hundred eighty-nine sextillion, eight hundred seventy-six quintillion, five hundred forty-three quadrillion, two hundred forty-five trillion, six hundred seventy-eight billion, seven hundred sixty-five million, six hundred sixty-six thousand, six hundred ninety-four
nine hundred ninety-nine vigintillion, nine hundred ninety-nine novemdecillion, nine hundred ninety-nine octodecillion, nine hundred ninety-nine septendecillion, nine hundred ninety-nine sexdecillion, nine hundred ninety-nine quindecillion, nine hundred ninety-nine quattuordecillion, nine hundred ninety-nine tredecillion, nine hundred ninety-nine duodecillion, nine hundred ninety-nine undecillion, nine hundred ninety-nine decillion, nine hundred ninety-nine nonillion, nine hundred ninety-nine octillion, nine hundred ninety-nine septillion, nine hundred ninety-nine sextillion, nine hundred ninety-nine quintillion, nine hundred ninety-nine quadrillion, nine hundred ninety-nine trillion, nine hundred ninety-nine billion, nine hundred ninety-nine million, nine hundred ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred ninety-nine
Yeah, but it uses short-scale.
I thought it was gonna give me a message when I wrote random numbers...
