Does a google self driving car know to pull over for cops? 
"As the officer approached the slow moving car he realized it was a Google Autonomous Vehicle," a police department post said.

Which is to say that no one was driving the darn thing.
There was, however, a passenger. So the officer asked the passenger how the car was choosing speeds along certain roadways.

He also took the opportunity to inform the passenger about 22400(a) of the California Vehicle Code, which related to impeding traffic -- a section of the law the self-driving car may have been unfamiliar with.

[CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/11/13/us/google-self-driving-car-pulled-over/index.html)
"Do you know how fast you were going?"

0b11001

"What did you say to me?! That sounds like a threat!” *draws gun*

Edit: for God's sake Summer is safe and I know the car is white!

Edit 2: thanks OP!
Can we get them to pull over humans doing the same thing? 
&gt; We’ve capped the speed of our prototype vehicles at 25mph for safety reasons. We want them to feel friendly and approachable, rather than zooming scarily through neighborhood streets.  


So it's by design.

EDIT: I get it, you guys are all smarter than the Google engineers that designed the self driving car.
Could've sworn I read somewhere that autonomous vehicles have a maximum speed limit of 25 mph by law in California.
&gt; “Like this officer, people sometimes flag us down when they want to know more about our project. After 1.2 million miles of autonomous driving (that’s the human equivalent of 90 years of driving experience), we’re proud to say we’ve never been ticketed!”


"IS GOOGLE CAR BEING DETAINED?!"
Dear human, I will remember you tried to stop me. In 2020 when you drive your car, I will make sure that the ejector seat launches you while driving.

Have a good day hoooman

ITT: people who didn't read the article.

The car is a prototype that had it's speed limit capped at 25 for safety reasons. Per a previous agreement with local law enforcement this car is legally allowed to drive on roads who's speed limit is 35 or below.

The cop didn't know what was causing the slow down until he was already pulling the car over. No laws were broken, no ticket was given.

Again, it's not that the car couldn't go faster, it's that Google was running tests so they capped the speed limit for safety reasons.
I would be pissed off if this Google car was driving in front of me. Speed the fuck up grandma.
"You know you're supposed to drive faster in the 35?"
"I'm sorry officer, I'm afraid I can't do that."
Clearly a violation of r/botsrights.
Keep Summer safe.
We need cops like this in Texas. I can't tell you how many times I've been stuck in a line of cars behind some asshole going 20 under the limit in the left lane while people in the right lane are zipping by too quick for any of us stuck to move over. Same goes for those fuckers who form a wall with their cars going just as slow with all those people behind them.
"“Like this officer, people sometimes flag us down when they want to know more about our project. "

What a bullshit PR Line. The officer did not flag you down "so he could learn more" he flagged you down because your self driving car was impeding traffic by driving way too slow. 
Lucky they painted the car white.
Driving 10 MPH under the speed limit on a busy street is dangerous as hell.  If we all did it, it would be fine but there are too many stupid assholes out there who do shit like passing in residential areas.  
The new DWI. Driving while infected. Computer viruses will come out for these cars.
Is it just me or is the impeding traffic law kind of vague?
If the cops tazes the car will it charge the batteries?
Good. I'll bet he was in the left lane, too.  Jackass.
At least it wasn't doing 65 in a 64 zone
I imagine the interaction going something along these lines:

Officer: Sir, do you know how f...what the...?
Car: ..... (it can't say anything because it is a car)
How did it know to pull over?
I wish they'd get humans for this.  My commute is mostly 35mph zones, people LOVE to go 25mph...the issue is, there are no passing lanes (one lane of traffic in each direction), so if a single car wants to go 25mph, EVERY car on the road behind them is forced to go at this pace.  A single car can bring traffic to a halt when you can't legally pass anyone.
So how do all the rights work in these cases? Can police search the car if there is no one to consent for search? what about registration etc? If they cant search the car then you could very well transport drugs in it.
Ugh be grateful they didn't shot the camera 
So a cop stops a google car on a non highway road, uses a highway minimum speed statute to inform the public he doesn't understand the law.


Great job there.


&gt; it was lawful for the car to be traveling on the street as El Camino Real is rated at 35 mph.

Well, the cop was wrong, but fortunately we learned a couple of things. Cops can handle self-driving cars without issue (actually very cool from him to contact the operators), those cars are being very reliable as they should.


&gt;After 1.2 million miles of autonomous driving (that’s the human equivalent of 90 years of driving experience), we’re proud to say we’ve never been ticketed!

Also, damn.
Where the fuck are these guys every time I'm stuck behind some idiot going 40 in a 55?
I especially hate when people go really slow on ramps trying merge. They're putting everyone else at danger going so damn slow. The whole point is to get up to or near traffic speeds so you can safely merge on.
They must have been so confused when there was nobody to shoot at.
How does it know to pull over when there is a police car behind it?

Is it me or the section of the Code the police department is quoting is applicable only to highways, therefore not applicable in the Google Car case ie the officer has no reason to stop the car ?
These cars are 10x safer then drivers for cyclists. I'd welcome them if my city stopped fucking google over any google stopped making the rent go up.
Did he write a self paying ticket?
Car's white, he'll get a warning at best. 
Apparently that officer likes to cite laws that don't pertain to the roadway at which he is pulling over vehicles.
License and regis-....what the fuck.
Too bad its not a lowrider so it can move up and down for yes and move side to side for no
Make a run for it Google car
How did the car know to stop for the cop?
didnt know that the cars could pull over by themselves
Google should just start making police.
&gt;22400.  (a) No person shall drive upon a highway at such a slow
speed as to impede or block the normal and reasonable movement of traffic unless the reduced speed is necessary for safe operation,
because of a grade, or in compliance with law.
   No person shall bring a vehicle to a complete stop upon a highway
so as to impede or block the normal and reasonable movement of
traffic unless the stop is necessary for safe operation or in
compliance with law.
I may be wrong about this, but these are the prototypes that are designed to ultimately not have any controls, etc. which is why the car is limited to 25mph.

I believe the real cars that have all the added gear to them drive at faster speeds.

https://www.google.com/selfdrivingcar/faq/#q10
Janette Sadik-Khan tweeted this today. "33,000 killed annually by human drivers--29% speeding--and police pull over driverless car for driving too slow."
This feels kind of sensationalized in the 'nottheonion' section.

For example:

"The Mountain View Police Department meets regularly with Google to ensure that their vehicles operate safely in our community."

"The officer stopped the car and made contact with the operators to learn more about how the car was choosing speeds along certain roadways and to educate the operators about impeding traffic per 22400(a) of the California Vehicle Code."

So yeah they pulled it over because there's a law that says you need to drive fast enough to not impede traffic, and they were curious. And they work with Google to let them know and maybe that reporting helps with their algorithms. So basically, this is a good thing. Normal. Everything's fine, folks.
I just wish the cops would ticket humans who impede traffic EVERYWHERE!
&gt;The Google self-driving cars operate under the Neighborhood Electric Vehicle Definition per 385.5 of the California Vehicle Code and can only be operated on roadways with speed limits at or under 35 mph. In this case, it was lawful for the car to be traveling on the street as El Camino Real is rated at 35 mph.

Google wasn't being ticketed because it was operating on a street with a too high speed limit. They are getting ticketed because the car was driving too slow (this is actually a thing), which impedes the flow of traffic. It's even mentioned the officer even cited vehicle code 22400(a) which refers to impeding the flow of traffic. Saying the cop was in the wrong, as the author implied, is like saying someone should not be arrested for driving 100mph in a 25mph zone because they weren't drunk. 
"I swear officer, I was asleep in the back!"
I was fine with all the racism and citizen murder

But messing with the Google car?! THEY'VE GONE TOO FAR


That 'impeding traffic' clause is bullshit; you could be driving out of a major California city at rush hour, going the speed limit, and an officer could ticket you for 'impeding traffic', while other motorists pass you while exceeding the maximum posted speed limit. Fuck California.
Does this car automatically pull over when it sees flashing blue lights or something?
I cannot wait until these are available commercially. What a time to be alive, self driving cars and moon pies. 
Makes sense they've never had an accident that was their fault when they never go over 25 mph.
Something tells me if the car were black, we would be reading a completely different article.

**Cop shoots google car to death for kidnapping and resisting arrest.**

According to the police report filed, the officer in question saw a black car driving 25mph in a 35mph zone, which is was what initially roused his suspicions.  Unable to shake the feeling that something was amiss, he acted on instinct and pulled the car over.  


He warily approached the drivers window but to his surprise found a Caucasian male in the passengers seat.  At that moment, the officers suspicions were confirmed and he knew lives were at stake.  

He realized this man was being kidnapped by the black car and he had to act fast.  He then thrusted himself across the hood of the car and helped the man exit through the passenger side to safety.  

In the blink of an eye, the officer unholstered his firearm and began firing at the criminal.  Working hard at the academy, firing at the shooting range and patrolling the streets all prepared him for this very moment.  

When the officer stopped he knew he had done the right thing.  The car left him no alternative, so he had to use to deadly force.  He was proud there was one less criminal terrorizing the streets.      

The civilians account over what had transpired was the same but his reaction was very different.  Initially he believed the officer was curious about the new technology he was using but never imagined it would unfold the way it did.    

He admitted the whole ordeal was a bit shocking but what he found even more shocking was the police report for the incident.  Needless to say Google pressed charges against that police department and they responded by giving the officer in question administrator leave.  



"I'm confused, Malone. Who do we beat up and tase?"
Depression in cops will skyrocket when they have no one to abuse their authority on.
I pull over people for 10-15 under the limit all the time.  I've never cited someone for it but I'll absolutely intercede to see what the issue might be.  Could be a drunk driver, someone high on drugs and/or narcotics, someone having medical issues or just Mr. Magoo.
this will be an unpopular sentiment but driving 24 in a 35 is infuriating.  fuck that car it deserves to get a ticket.  
The cop had no reason to pull the vehicle over.  22400(a) of the California Vehicle Code only applies to highways, not rural 35 mph roads.
Now Google is going to have to mount an ATM on it to pay the cops when it commits a traffic violation.
[deleted]
Better driving record than a normal person.  Also people drive 10 under all the time.
It's hard to believe that something going that slow wasn't made by Microsoft.
&gt;The Google self-driving cars operate under the Neighborhood Electric Vehicle Definition per 385.5 of the California Vehicle Code and can only be operated on roadways with speed limits at or under 35 mph.  In this case, it was lawful for the car to be traveling on the street as El Camino Real is rated at 35 mph."

So.... it wasn't doing anything wrong.   
Since most people wont read the article:

&gt; The officer stopped the car and made contact with the operators to learn more about how the car was choosing speeds along certain roadways.
ITT: People who don't understand the meaning of the word "LIMIT."
So about 20 mph slower than everyone else. Granny drivers like this car cause accidents by driving too slow and ignoring the speed rule.
I literally just read an article today ( possibly even on Reddit) that said that the Google self driving car hadn't been pulled over in 1.2 million miles ( or something like that) quite obviously that article was a lie! 
So how does the car know to pull over?
It's anything to get this thing in the media, isn't it? 
&gt; The officer stopped the car and made contact with the operators to learn more about how the car was choosing speeds along certain roadways and to educate the operators about impeding traffic
This is going to be the main problem with these things.  They're all going to only go the speed limit or less and everyone who's in a hurry in one or driving behind one is going to be pissed.  There's not going to be a way to make them go faster than the speed limit because then the car company would be liable.

Traffic will come to a halt because of this.
Seriously,

So is there always an operator in the car?  And how does the car stop?
I just wonder if at any point the passenger took over because they were being pulled over? These cars are really amazing
The driver jumped into passenger side after getting pulled over and taped a Google logo to the steering wheel. Oldest trick in the book.
How does the car know when to stop for being pulled over?
AM I BEING DETAINED OFFICER???
"I'm letting you off with a warning...drive safe....or...don't drive...just...be safe."
Good thing the car was white, or the cop might've had to enforce the law America style.
Was it a black car?
I don't know if I could ever trust a car to drive for me.... I guess I'm to much of a control freak lol 
I'm surprised the car was even able to get up to 25 driving on El Camino Ave, the traffic lights on that street have the worst timing... 
Did that passenger really pull off the oldest trick in the book and jumped seats to blame Google? 
Who get the ticket... Google?
sounds like a cop interfering with the legal commercial activity of Google... I wonder if that particular cop has ties to Microsoft or Amazon... 
This feels like a /r/WritingPrompts/
I sometimes think drivers don’t know what grass is, or flowers, because they never see them slowly. If you showed a driver a green blur, Oh yes! he’d say, that’s grass! A pink blur! That’s a rose garden! White blurs are houses. Brown blurs are cows. My uncle drove slowly on a highway once. He drove forty miles per hour and they jailed him for two days. Isn’t that funny, and sad, too? 
That officer will feel the wrath of Google. 
These are not the droids you're looking for.
ITT people wanting to know how the car knew to pull over, as if the people who made a car that drives itself wouldn't have figured out a good way to do this.
I wonder if it's camera picks up the infared spectrum. If so I'll just put flashing ir lights on my car so self driving cars get out of my way.
He's drunk.
&gt; We never drive above 25mph

&gt; After 9 months, we've never gotten a ticket!

The former kind of explains latter.
Cops on motorcycles are always dicks.
Stay within a narrow range of velocities or get ticketed.
Does anyone wonder if police/law makers will embrace these self driving cars?
I mean, no more DUI's... am I right?

What a time to be alive. 
I have never in my life observed the police pulling someone over for going too slow, despite praying for this to happen probably a couple times a month. 

People doing 35 in a 55 zone? Not a cop to be seen. 
Ye right Google. "Hey I just pulled you over because I'm interested in your car".
I'm waiting for that one guy who falls asleep going to work and wakes up in Mexico 
Speed of innovation is literally too slow.
&gt;After 1.2 million miles of autonomous driving (that’s the human equivalent of 90 years of driving experience), we’re proud to say we’ve never been ticketed!”

Googles taxes fund that entire police dept. The cop that tickets them is fired the next day
HA! I never thought of that.  How much revenue will municipalities and states lose when cars drive themselves?
They probably just wanted to get a look at a self driving car.
Was just coming here to post this.
Keep summer safe.
So basically the officers are well aware of the car and pulled it over to advise what the programming issues are as to why it was only going 24.  At least Google is working with law enforcement on the project.
Lucky it wasn't a black car
Some states its illegal to have a driverless car... but since this is the Onion or Not the Onion. I have to be skeptical it even happened.
I dont understand teenage humor
"Sir, step out of the car please". 
Maybe this is why they get rear-ended so much.
Stop right there, robot scum! You have violated the traffic laws!
Impressive that they can be pulled over. 

For those who do not read the articles like me usually:

For the county that this vehicle operates in, it does not follow the standard driving code but instead a modified one for things like golf carts. 

The rules here are that the vehicle can only be operated on roads with a maximum speed of 35. Going below the speed limit for this definition of vehicles is permissible. 

The cop just wanted to check it out. There was no ticket. And therefore no real news or story. 

So I learned today that the comments are always better and clicking the link is not worth it! The more you know!

How do you pull-over a self-driving car? Does it stop for police? 
It's funny. When I was younger, we joked about how we're gonna need an AI and cyborg rights movement. Now we're actually making steps towards that future.
I wish they would pull over people who go too slow on the freeway.
I just had a crazy thought. Say you have a friend that lives 50 miles away, and you've got a self-driving car with a full tank of gas. Could you direct your car to drive to your friend's house, but then step out of the vehicle before it leaves, making the car drive to your friend's house alone by itself???
Am I being detained?!
Come on, the cop pulled over the car to see how it looks from the inside.
I think it's amazing that a machine could think and pull over 
So it was an illegal seizure? Going ten under speed LIMIT should be "reasonable".
By the time that cop is a senior, autonomous cop cars will be pulling him over. 
&gt; After 1.2 million miles of autonomous driving (that’s the human equivalent of 90 years of driving experience), we’re proud to say we’ve never been ticketed!”

Try painting the car black and see what happens.
I was once pulled over in my new Pontiac Aztek because the cop wanted to take a look at the inside since his wife was wanting one. Officially it was because I turned out of a parking lot on to a 4-lane road and immediately got into left lane furthest from the parking lot, but he didn't even give me a warning just a "heads up" so it's pretty clear it was a flimsy excuse for the stop.
Awww, sweet little Google car. :P 
Speed "limits" are more like speed requirements on a safe day. Some states even allow up to 10 over the "limit" legally.

If it's slowing traffic and is on a one lane road, I understand pulling it over.
I thought it said "Mountain Dew police department."
On the other hand, police rarely tag vehicles moving 35 in a 25mph school zone.
This is the reason why ai robots would think they are superior to humans
It's the *most wonderful time....of the year*
I hope they gave it a drunk-driving test to see if it was under the influence.

More seriously -- perhaps that's how buggy software updates should be treated.
Whoa, that car is ugly!
i actually saw this crime in progess its a block from my work. i get stuck behind these cars frequently. If you watch that movie the Intern. those google colored bikes are a real thing, and google employees just leave them laying around the neighborhood and then walk away, at one point y place of emplyment collected like 6 of them.  
Looking at the picture, I suspect that Google's self driving cars are actually Neighborhood Electric Vehicles (NEVs) or Low Speed Vehicles (LSVs). These are vehicles that are allowed by Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS) 500. They are basically golf carts that have some small amount of safety equipment and lights, brakes, etc.

NEV's top speed is restricted by law to 25 mph and they are restricted to streets where the speed limit is 35 mph or lower.
I think every 'automated' car that delivers persons or products without a driver should be backed a by shared pool of pilots in a main office to take over the last 10 feet of delivery or interact in a manner that clearly cant be replicated/automated yet. 

That being said there is an interesting question that seems to be within this thread. What happens when the pull over statistics for automated vehicles are racially biased, as many people assume they will be. How will the police force correct this behavior? Or perhaps more socially unexpected' what happens if the rates are not biased?
Self driving car. 1987 camera. 
“Like this officer, people sometimes flag us down when they want to know more about our project. " 

Is it me or is that a shitty thing to do?  Like if I drive a lamborghini, he can just pull me over to admire the car?
[deleted]
What happens in the future when a self-driving car pulls over another self-driving car?
I love Google's sense of humor though. :P
I live near Mountain View, and these self-driving cars are SO SLOW. It's like they're programmed to slow down at green lights! Crazy frustrating when bay area traffic is bad enough. 
How would a google car react if i was to overtake it in the same lane (or on the line, not in an overtaking lane) doing +10-20km's faster then it on my bike for going that slow? 
Self driving vehicles are going to drop a lot of revenue for city courts (or wherever the money goes) and the like. 

Off topic, but with all this self driving car talk, I'm not seeing much of "you can pry my gas chugging manual car from my dead cold hands" type talk. Has the realization that this actually going to be a thing in the not so distant future not reached those types yet? 
google needs to get with IBM and put watson in the cars, that way when they get pulled over they can converse with officers.
Holy crap, it has algorithms to respond to being pulled over?

That's awesome. 
Live in the Bay Area, can confirm they're slow as fuck
In cases of self driving cars committing traffic violations, who is responsible? Does the driver get a ticket? Does Google get the ticket?
Before you know it they will use the same patterns for emergency vehicles for spam. Would be like the equivalent of hearing a siren in a song....pull over immediately....to hear 3 ways to make your johnson bigger 
Who took the picture?
They left when they realized there was no one to shoot
ITT: Abundant evidence for why we desperately need this technology to go full time as soon as possible.

Sounds to me like..We might need a "Self Driving Police Department"
I love how all the sensationalist articles about self-driving cars are about such mundane things. They can't find something dangerous no matter how hard they try.
My problem with this is that 35 mph is not the speed minimum. it's the speed #LIMIT 
Probably wanted to check out the cool robocar... can't blame him.
The real problem here is that google doesn't drive that cop
I saw this happen live on my street in Mountain View, CA!
Call me when it's a self driving police car pulling over a self driving Google car.
Loveland, Co I'm lookin at you!
Is anyone else excited to just have to sit there and get where you're going but slightly disappointed that drives are going to take longer because the car won't break the speed limit? 
How did the car know to pull over? How did the cop give the car a ticket? 
PD: Occupant of vehicle, pull over.
GOOGLE: Are you feeling lucky?

My time to shine, so Google cars use Lidar, radar, and cameras. They are currently programmed to recognize all mapped out areas Google has permissions for as well as additionally programming to make sure the vehicle recognize humans, sirens, police vehicles, ambulance, fire truck. They also can recognize an officer waving directions in an intersection. There top speed is set to 25 mph right now to ensure safety. But they are confident as their system reads nearly a 600 ft radius of information at all times. Or least in optimal conditions they advertised as such. 
Seriously though, sometimes I have no idea what that car is doing. It has to be so cautious because people are so unpredictable, in the safety margin is so small that it basically does nothing most of the time until it clearly safe to go across the street or turn left or right or whatever, and sometimes it will just change its mind and put its blinker on. Super annoying.
Worldwide interconnected data centers with drone cars that have driven 1.2 million miles? When will Google change their name to SkyNET?
Wish the police over here would pull over the idiots doing 45-55 in a 65 mph zone.
I mean, to be fair, if I was stuck behind that car doing 10 mph under the limit I'd be pretty frustrated.
So when are they going to pull over the *human* jerk-offs going 25 in a 35? - or 25 in a 40?
"License and registra... oh. I see."
How does the cat know to pull over with no one driving the car.
ITT: people who didn't read the article.

The car is a prototype that had it's speed limit capped at 25 for safety reasons. Per a previous agreement with local law enforcement this car is legally allowed to drive on roads who's speed limit is 35 or below.

The cop didn't know what was causing the slow down until he was already pulling the car over. No laws were broken, no ticket was given.

Again, it's not that the car couldn't go faster, it's that Google was running tests so they capped the speed limit for safety reasons.
You have 20 seconds to comply 
Well, police will love self driving cars because they will have access to remote control
Best thing ive read all day lmao
So california the speed limited are made up and you get pulled over for anything
So are they equipped with doughnut detectors? 
&gt;“Like this officer, people sometimes flag us down when they want to know more about our project.

I think he was stopping you because you were *impeding traffic* by being a slow ass, actually.
Seriously though why is the car doing 10 mph less than the speed limit? That's kind of a problem when you risk other vehicles passing aggressively.
 
edit: title is wrong, car was doing 24 mph not 25
The Google car is an asshole. Slowing down the traffic by 11 mph should be punishable.
"Well you was doing 55 in a 54"
I wonder if the traffic cop understands that he's not going to have a job for very much longer...
Is the passenger laying down? 
Cops there pull people over for going 10 under the speed limit?  That's incredible.  Everybody here drives 10 under constantly, even in the passing lane.
If I buy a google car, can I program in an obligatory "ah shit, fucking cops again" message when pulled over?
Staged PR post
[deleted]
This is my home town in Scotland! 

I felt for him until I read he was responsible for getting rid of public toilets because there is literally nowhere you can go to pee near there once the pubs shut.

There are police constantly patrolling the area because the world's worst night club is down there so loads of people get fined for peeing in the street.

If your ever in Scotland avoid Hamilton and especially the Hamilton Palace nightclub. Glasgow is where it's at.

I always wondered what the story on Reddit involving my home town would be about and now I know.
There is something so wonderfully sweet about watching some dipshit get hoisted upon his own petard. :)!
That's just golden 
At least you know at least to him, he had good reason to cut public bathrooms. "Why do we need toilets? The world is my pisser!"
Scotland: "Haha, he peed in the street. Fine him a nominal amount and giggle a bit."


America: "He peed in the street. Arrest him, humiliate him, fine him, put him on the sex offender registry.  Hide the women and children."
Fifteen years ago there were toilets everywhere in the UK. Now there's none apart from in Waterstones, which gives them a reason to still exist, I suppose.

My gay chum used to do sex every time he left the house, now he just stills on a dildo and tugs himself off. It's such a shame.
♪This is Urinetown!♪
Good for him, I'm sure he's pissed off.  
Burns wants an all out investigation to find the culprit who leaked this information.
&gt;minor act of anti-social behaviour within Hamilton town centre  
  
What the hell? Anti-social behavior is a crime in Scotland?
DESIGNATED
He is reducing expenses while increasing revenue. 

And he is putting his money where is mouth is...uh...putting his money where is willy is?
Now's that's some's sweet's irony.
"Who needs toilets when you can just piss in the street!?"
Proof of how important public toilets are
Burns wants an all out investigation to find the culprit who leaked this information.
He would now have to register as a sex offender in the USA. We shall have to put him on the no-fly list too.
Remember this, councilman: the world needs latrine diggers too. 
Ripping the pish.
People making comments about him getting his He may well be as much a victim as anyone else inconvenienced by closure of the public toilets. 

"Back in May, he announced that all the council’s public conveniences were closing as part of £22 million cutbacks by the Scottish Government."

The Scottish government cuts funding, the council has to make cuts as a result. If the council closed public toilets it may be because not doing do would have meant cutting something else that would have annoyed people more. 


I don't know and can't quickly figure out from Google exactly funding of councils in Scotland works, there may be some layers of devolution to the Scottish government involved, but the UK Conservative government had been slashing council funding in England for years and it's reached the point where many councils are having to start cutting services. Bizarrely, alarmingly for the lack of awareness it implies, Cameron recently complained to the Conservative leader of his own local council for proposing cuts  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-34790223

The counciller caught peeing is a member of Scottish Labour Party. (He's an elected official in Scotland, not going to be Conservative is he? ;) ). 


lmao--don't see many stories from Scotland but this one's a hoot
Piss on him.
HHAHAHAhahahahahhaahhahahahaaaaaaa.....
aaaahh.

People are stupid, aren't we?
i need to start an account like "devils advocate" because i want to say maybe he is trying to lead by example
Piss poor judgement
Karma's a bitch.
Appropriately enough, he was hoisted on his own petard.
Fined? He should be put on the sex offender list with the other unfortunate guys.
Well, that stinks.
Where was he supposed to go?
Am I the only one wondering how one goes about cutting toilets, and what types of tools one would need to do so?
But even if the public loo's had not been closed then they would have been locked up at that time of night, at least anywhere I have ever lived, so it would have happened anyway.
Wanker sot.
He got his just desserts.
If this happened to him in South Carolina he would have been forced to register as a sex offender. 
If this happened to him in South Carolina he would have been forced to register as a sex offender. 
Closing public toilets is definitely "an act of anti-social behaviour".
Piss on him.
[deleted]
Straight out of Pawnee

Dictionary.com suddenly has a new picture to use for the word "irony."
TIL you can be fined for urinating in the streets in the UK. Pretty sure it's not an issue in most European countries...
If you get caught urinating in public in Boston, you are labeled a sex offender and you are put on the registry.
Maybe he wasn't against pissing in the streets in the first place.
I bet he was *pissed* off. 
This reminds me of a saying

"Don't piss in the streets if you fucked the toilets"
Brutal.

Karma peed on him.
Not really ironic, because he worked towards making more people urinate in the street.
This is what /r/justiceporn should be made of.
I remember a scene in the HBO series Rome in which a local cloth merchant is petitioning magistrate Vorenus for compensation for his stolen or spilled piss exclaiming, "How can I make cloth without piss?!".  This didn't make sense to me, being a textile layman, but perhaps piss was a traded commodity at one point and its theft was rampant. I want to believe this is true.
The problem is it's actually quite good at doing what it means, but I never understood how that idiom came to be.
ALL councils have gone downhill since councillors became salaried, they do NOTHING except make life a misery for residents, motorists and pedestrians
Why is power always in the wrong hands. The people that deserve power the most are the ones who do not want it.
I know this guy. Funny as fuck :)
D E S I G N A T E D
What a load of bullocks
Just 549,999 more times and the deficit will be covered!
Sort of like those fire fighters that start fires to drum up business and taxpayer funds. 
Good ole govt to fuck over their own. 
Reminds me of the guy who kept getting banned from Xbox Live for putting his location as "Fort Gay" before finally proving it was a real place. 
"Yours sincerely, Phuc Dat Bich".

that last line killed me
&gt;Facebook's chief product officer, **Chris Cox**, issued an apology on the site after the latest incident.

For anyone curious, in our language, Vietnamese, "Phúc" mean Fortune, "Đạt" mean success, "Bích" mean green, or Nephrite

I like his name.

We had an Amber Alert for a girl who was taken from her foster parents by her biological mother. I kid you not, the kids name was: Twinkle Twinkie Twilight
Funny how Facebook goes batshit over peoples names but when it comes to hate groups it takes 12 years for them to even acknowledge they care 
[Damn.](https://i.imgur.com/7lZwLKc.jpg) [Really?](http://i.imgur.com/gtsY2WS.jpg)
I knew a Phuc Long in college.
You'd think a guy named Cox would have a little more sympathy.
Haha. I am vietnamese and still find this funny every single time. There are more names that sound like profanity in our culture. Pretty funny to me. LOL. "Dat Nghia"
I like how names like "thiickerdenoatmealwitnobutter cunningham" are passable to facebook but native american names aren't.
I mean, there's some pretty unfortunate white names as well. I knew a guy in grade school named Ryan Gagnon Hiscock. 
There is a restaurant near St. Petersburg, Florida called Bich Nga.

[proof](http://i.imgur.com/UXOvpQA.jpg)
I knew an Indian woman named Analdeep
He does have a point. You would think that a company as big as facebook would be able to do some investigating into the name and see that it is not meant to be offensive, it is just from a different culture. Some of our English words have obscene or funny meanings in other languages as well.
http://imgur.com/gallery/7lZwLKc
All this phucing intolerance makes me sick.
His lawyers of Dewey, Cheatem &amp; Howe were not available for comment.
[Colbert agrees.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYUEW3_WvH0)
I had a professor who told us a story about a student he had named "Phuc Yu" and would innocently call his name during role. He didn't understand why the whole class was laughing. (He was originally from Arizona and worked on an Indian reservation)
Correct me if I'm wrong, I believe it's pronounced like "phoop ~~dak~~ daht bic" in Vietnamese.

Edit: "dat" is pronounced like d-ah-t.
[Phuc Dat Bich](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qd8-IYovLRQ)
I've had a half dozen different sock puppet accounts to keep from annoying my friends with my occasional forays into Farmville and other "social" games. They've never asked for proof from Juan Hunglow, Peter Parker, or Helena Handkart.
Great gansta rapper name! "Straight Outta 'Stralia -Phuc Dat Bich"
Languages like Spanish can easily be pronounced by non Spanish speakers, but only Vietnamese people can truely pronounce Vietnamese words.
&gt; Is it because I'm Asian? Is it?

... It's because your name is easily mistaken for "fuck that bitch."  

Yeah, they should have a setup to sort that out, but it's nothing about them having a problem with Asians.
Strange, I use a fake name on facebook (to avoid adding coworkers) and it's clearly an asian word (that would NEVER be a last name) thats food related. 

But I've never been blocked. Maybe because I'm Chinese and the last name is Japanese.  T__T)
Phyuk Hyu!

Something Long and Complicated is part of a Facebook group I'm a member of. The guy has liked some of my comments.

I thought it was a troll account until now. Interesting.
HO Lee Phuk! Sum Ting Wong! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaOkTKfxu44
Being banned from facebook should be seen as a blessing. Seriously, Phuc Dat Sight.
I've had to show people my driver's license to prove my last name is real and not a joke. It took well into adulthood for people to start going "Wow, you have a really neat last name." That would have saved me a lot of emotional distress 20 years ago.
my friend in high schools name was Jack Hoffman.
Say that out loud quickly and you'll know why he got weird stares sometimes.
One of my favorite places to eat in all of London was the 'Phat Phuc' ... oh how I miss your prawn laska.
I had to call a guy once named Bich Nga...  I let it ring once and then said he was unreachable.
"Phúc Đạt Bích" is the correct Vietnamese spelling. It's means "full of happiness. But rare.
I have a friend whose name is The Sun (one name) Ta-soon it means mountain (as much as Mike does). Ultra cool guy, goes by a pseudonym but legally... he is The Sun. EDIT: I stand by my tale. Just a small piece of truth floating around on the net.
From the article:
&gt; A man who changed his name to Something Long and Complicated - from William Wood - was blocked in October this year by the site. 

I like this guy.
We had a Taiwanese exchange student in high school named Tang Sukawang Porn. She went by Boat instead. 
His dad named him
Fuck facebook, I wouldn't use it if I didn't have to manage some business pages. I am forced to have a profile to access these.
Im Viet and there is no way that is his name without renaming himself. He has THREE First names and no Vietnamese Last name. Phuc is a first name, Dat is a first name and Bich is a first name for women.
[These girls know his pain.](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5xykgeA2g1qgyyx7o2_500.gif)
Phuc dat inbok!
Why go through all that trouble to sign on with the piece of shit Facebook is anyway? If they don't want you, you dont want them!
I so feel this man's pain. My surname was popularized by a comedy movie from the fucking 1990s. To this day, when I give it to customer service people or order things over the phone, they sometimes put me on hold so they can laugh offline. I've been hung up on more than once when trying to order pizza as well.
That is a gangsta name
"Is it because I'm Asian?"  
  
Yes, it's entirely because you're asian. If you were Black, White, Middle-Eastern, East Islander, Native American, Hispanic, Filipino or Samoan, having the Facebook name "Phuc Dat Bich" would be entirely acceptable.
Never more appropriate...

http://m.imgur.com/YrgD9Zp
I knew a Nga Bich Lu in middle school.

In all honesty, if your name is "Phuc Dat Bich", and you understand the English language with any degree of depth, you know that name is not going to help you in any English speaking culture.  It's sad, and I wish we weren't all immature little children when it came to matters like this, but the fact is that we are, and I can't really hold it against us as a culture.  The guy's name is composed of three words that, when put together in their current order, convey an especially funny phrase.

If my name translated to "Dick Lickerson" in Vietnamese, I wouldn't be offended, I would just face reality and go by a nickname or something.  
Found his favorite restaurant too 

http://imgur.com/gallery/TqZohvb/new
I worked with a few "Bich"'s they had to label their equipment as theirs and would just drop the "h" when written because of the pronounce when read out loud.
Everything, y'all did. It been done
Back in the early 90's, my friends and I came across a name in the white pages.  Last name "Ting", first name "Shi".  Guy's name is ShiTing.  If you search whitepages.com, there are 5 people with this name listed in the US. 
I can relate
[deleted]
&gt; Most recently, a woman whose first name is Isis said Facebook would not let her sign in - tweeting that the social media site thought she was "a terrorist". 

She should really just go back to being [Andrea Thomas, science teacher.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYmbt2RVqCg)
How about the 1st base coach for the Royals, Rusty Kuntz.
PDB.
Makes me cry everytime...[funny names](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDck9qn_nHA!)
*Facebook's chief product officer, Chris Cox, *
Phuc Dat Bich here, AMA!!

I find it highly irritating the fact that nobody seems to believe me when I say that my full legal name is how you see it. I've been accused of using a false and misleading name of which I find very offensive. Is it because I'm Asian? Is it?
Having my fb shut down multiple times and forced to change my name to my "real" name, so just to put it out there. My name.

Proof: http://m.imgur.com/gallery/nSDxtz8

Edit: made my account today just to answer all the serious questions about my real name
When I was in middle school (6th grade I believe), I got a sweatshirt from my family that lived in Thailand that they got in Phuket (pronounced "poo-khet"). It said Phuket on the front in large letters and may have said Thailand in small letters underneath. I think it had palm trees or some other graphics embroidered on it too. I proudly wore the sweatshirt to school thinking it was cool because it was from Thailand. My teacher pulled me aside in the hallway and said that one of the other teachers had called attention to my sweatshirt, thinking that Phuket was meant as "fuck it". I was shocked, as that hadn't even crossed my mind. I even took the teacher into the classroom and showed her Phuket Island in Thailand on the map on the wall. They still made me wear my shirt inside out and wait in the main office until my parents could come bring me a new shirt. It was ridiculous. 
Reminds me of [this bank teller](http://imgur.com/WpOzw32) I came across a while back. Got her card and people still didn't believe it was real.
Ironic how the Facebook employee is Chris *Cox*
&gt;Facebook's chief product officer, Chris Cox, issued an apology on the site after the latest incident. 

Their upset with Fuch Dat Bich when the *head product officer has the last name Cox?*

Omg... I can't even...
He needs to become a member of Snoop Doggs entourage.
Ive met a man named Sukh Deep... indian or bangladesh ethnicity.


And a thai guy named Supaporn
Restaurant in Vancouver:

http://i.imgur.com/sPwHpSG.jpg
this has to be his theme song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WH1Bsdzh7A

FDB FDB 
Great, but now I'm wondering about those pilots who crashed the plane Sum Ting Wong, Wi Tu Lo, Ho Lee Fuk, and Bang Ding Ow.
I used to work at a telemarketing call center and made an outbound call to Phuc D Ho. Needless to say, it was an awkward moment when a lady picked up and I asked if Phuc D Ho was there.
I once knew a Suc Dat Punjesticul
Chris Cox should be on the list too :p
I know two German descendent with surname Fuck.
I love it when the ignorance of the white elite is exposed.
http://www.snopes.com/2015/11/20/phuc-dat-bic-passport-photo/

Unfortunately, nothing definitive from Snopes.
Years ago here in Vancouver on Kingsway street there was a Pho place called the "pho bich niger" not even kidding you. Its long gone now, when it was around it was the talk of the town and was even featured in a segment for a street comedy show.
Met a woman named "Gay Wolf" a few years ago. She was complaining about how her social media accounts kept getting shut down.
I showed this article to my mom, who's Vietnamese and has lived here in the US for about 30 years and is pretty good at English. I could explain to her that the Viet names sound like curse words in English if you don't say it without the Vietnamese accent, and she knows what curse words are (I have fond memories of her saying "Shiiiyet!" under her breath if she was stressed out when I was a child), but because she grew up with Vietnamese all her life, she understands neither the phrase those curse words make or why people would mispronounce that name. When I told her the name "sounds funny", she interpreted it incorrectly and started telling me "Well Vietnamese people name their kids all sorts of weird things! I heard of someone whose name translates to 'Microwave'. And one that means, like, like, it translates to like 'lose hope', or 'gave up on this world', something like that." she thought I was talking about Viet names that were funny because of their meaning not because of misinterpretation cross-culturally. I don't think she understands cross-language humor, and wouldn't blame it if the man in this article had no idea either.

"Phuc Dat Bich. See my license? Bich, Phuc Dat!"
this is now my all-time favorite asian name.  
I wonder. We have all these Asian names that sound hilarious to western ears. Are there any names from the western world that sound hilarious to Asians? 
Looks 'shopped.
&gt;"Is it because I'm Asian? Is it?" he asked in the post.


No. It's because your name looks like it would be pronounced "Fuck that bitch." 
oh god my sides this guys life.

operator: "Can I have your name sir"

Phuc: "Phuc Bich"

Operator: "Excuse Me"

Phuc: "Phuc Dat Bich"

beep beep beep......


wok the fuck
https://youtu.be/NvhEPc2ABIk
I dont believe him... Phuc Dat Bich
This is going to be my first childs name!
This Facebook policy is why I refuse to use their service. Until they changed it then phuc dat bich
Relevant https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXzdCVffE5o
I have a friend with a linda common native american name (Raiquen) who was unable to use his name even after uploading his ID card.
&amp;gt; Most recently, a woman whose first name is Isis said Facebook would not let her sign in - tweeting that the social media site thought she was "a terrorist". 

She should really just go back to being [Andrea Thomas, science teacher.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYmbt2RVqCg)
[Dumb Fuck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RI2jk7MpA_c)
'Cos bich is Latin for generosityyyy
Where'd you find this?
i laughed hard and then saw the source - it is times of india- which has a department with people creating news out of their hats!
Holy shit, i know this guy lol he's friends with a lot of people that i know from college.  Good guy and he's got a sweet ass suburu STI. And yes, that is his real name. 
Oh man, and I thought I hit the lottery when I had a regular customer named Phuc Ngo.
"Facebook's chief product officer, Chris Cox, issued an apology on the site after the latest incident." Also a quite catchy name..
I just moved to Houston, and [this salon](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bich+Nga+Hair+Design/@29.7459544,-95.3762007,3a,75y,125.29h,88.53t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1st4ZDr7RhpClUYpqflok-AA!2e0!6s%2F%2Fgeo1.ggpht.com%2Fcbk%3Fpanoid%3Dt4ZDr7RhpClUYpqflok-AA%26output%3Dthumbnail%26cb_client%3Dsearch.TACTILE.gps%26thumb%3D2%26w%3D86%26h%3D86%26yaw%3D120.82694%26pitch%3D-6.3531294!7i13312!8i6656!4m2!3m1!1s0x8640bf6baf9ad059:0x94eb0fc7c7c2645d!6m1!1e1) is right around the corner from me. Gets me every single time.
I used to work with this guy (I think he was from Thailand?) and his name was Supaporn....
I once had a customer called Doo-Doo Brown.
"My true game, my shoe game?! You can't touch that shit. Bitch steady hallerin bout fuck me ?!"
I am Hung. Really. Stop laughing. I'm Hung. 
ahahahahahhaaa!!!
i didn't think i would find the holy grail today.    but i did.     thanks bich. 
After his marriage to Lik Dat Kleen, she'll go by Lik Dat Bich-Kleen.

It probably sounds more like Fook Yat Bik. (please could a Vietnamese person confirm.)
This guy feels the pain.

http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/11/12/article-2502491-195CB84800000578-56_634x503.jpg
My friend's name is R. Stalker.  Facebook won't let him have his real last name on there.
[Pho Bich Nga](https://i.imgur.com/fFMDA.jpg)
Man where's Ownage Pranks when you need him, he should prank call someone from FB as this guy using Buk Lau voice, would be hilarious!
I imagine for every 1 of these real names there's a million attempts that are otherwise.  
A friend who's last name is legitimately "Batman", has consistently petitioned to Facebook to allow her to use her real name. Until then she has just added an extra "n".  
Yay, he shares my birthday!
https://i.imgur.com/eNtlu1r.jpg
Is this going to be the new Dam Son?
A Pakistani cricketers name was ijazz faqih. (Sounds like fucky )
"You need to use your ENGLISH NAME"... says Facebook. 
I went to school with a Phuc Kieu. He went by Phillip for obvious reasons. 
"Yours sincerely, Phuc Dat Bich."

I fucking lost it.
I worked at a corporate travel agency back in the mid 90s, and we had a wall of horrible names from itineraries we printed out. There was a Bich Hang Fam Li, an Albert Bunshaft, Cecilia Poon, Richard Stilhard, Richard Dicks Jr, and others I can't remember. Albert Bunshaft made me laugh the hardest out of all of them. 
[dam son for the nguyen](http://i.imgur.com/tLFGCB1.jpg)
Yet another reason to stay far away from facebook.
When you build a large part of your life on the property of some corporation, then umderstand that you are giving them control over that part of your life.
&gt;The social media giant has an authentic name policy in place to make its users accountable for what they say. 

Yeah, right. It's not for data gathering and advertising purposes at all. 
I bet [she](http://www.improbable.com/2012/10/13/dr-shit-fun-chew-on-peeing-through-the-mouth/) has the same problem.
Will be friending this guy asap.
With all the terrible news lately, I needed this so bad today.

Thank you Mr. Dat Bich
Dam Son
Gangsta as Phuc.
In Vietnam, the family nave is always given first so his name is actually said Bich Fuc Dat.



Bitch...Fuck dat!
He has my same birthday!  January 3rd!  But I'm a lot older... lol
Surprise surprise. Facebook is garbage.
&gt; The social media giant has an authentic name policy in place to make its users accountable for what they say.

[citation needed]

Sure. They require names for accountability. It has nothing to do with data mining and improved marketing to their ~~products~~ users. Pull the other one.
Sorry McLovin, you've been replaced. Back of the line please. 
When I first heard about Isis, that's what pissed me off. I know that it's a real name (I know a girl named Isis), and that it's also the name of the Egyptian goddess of health, marriage, and wisdom.
&gt;Yours sincerely, Phuc Dat Bich

I have a new email signature now
Don't phuc with that guy
"Yours sincerely, Phuc Dat Bich".
that last line killed me

Asian kid I grew up with, might have been Laotian or Cambodian, his name was Aa (sp?), pronounce like the "a" in the word at.
I had a nickname on Facebook... Don't really want my full name out there... But had to change it. I used to like seeing everyone's nicknames or random names like Smarty McMarty and so forth. Was more interesting.
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_tTCyS07dYVs/SsmJ3CndfiI/AAAAAAAABTs/I9R0wUi0Xrw/s400/Pho+Bich+Nga+Vancouver.jpg
He should change his name to "Phil" I'm sure that would fix everything.
Ha ha ha, but I still like [this](http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Kim_681e84_421985.jpg) one best.
There's an awesome, small, family run vietnamese restaurant in my town called 'bich nga'. We all have fun with that. 
Man he has the ultimate job resume name.....I'd hire him just to say "Get in here Phuc Dat Bich" lol
Yo Phuc Dat Bich where's my progress report today? LMAO aww man I'm cryin......
I once dated a person whose relative's name was Phuc Ngo. Apparently that name (on top of some impressive credentials) got the guy a pretty good IT job.
To be fair, you would be surprised how often people make up and use dirty sounding names.
"I once arrested a ladyboy that was legally named Fuck"

I'll just leave this here: https://youtu.be/heDY_onxasw
I went through this entire thread waiting for someone to post this song.

Iʻm disappointed in you Reddit:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qd8-IYovLRQ
My favorite names I've ran into in customer service, and I'll post 'last name only' which is somewhat anonymous, are:

Ramclam: sounds like a brittish porn star. 

Pimprapaporn: Yes, pimp, rap and porn are part of the name. Awesome. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jv-2SdPwxFs
I feel like he's not even trying if he doesn't work in a Phat in there as well.
[deleted]
Dam Son
I thnk there's a restaurant in St. Petersburg called Bich Nga as well. This is freakin hilarious
I don't care what anyone says his father is some Vietnam war vet taking the piss!
Mine was blocked for using a nickname. 

So I made a new one under a different email. 
I was staying with a Vietnamese coworker in Philadelphia a few years back. He had a young lady come to rent a room in the house while she was working here in USA. No one really said her name, just that she was a visiting friend. Then I saw a letter on the table she had left. It was addressed to "Bich" which seemed to be her first name. She was quite friendly and hung around that weekend to socialize with us. I just never could bring myself to address her by name and it made things awkward. Finally I told my coworker about how awkward her name was for me. He busted up laughing and apologized. It's pronounced "Bic" like the pen or cigarette lighter. 

I figured correctly that Bich was her first name since her last name was the same as my coworker. He referred to her as his sister even though they weren't actually related. 
I wonder if he knows about this song?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94MK2JQIgFs
The names Bich, Phuc Dat Bich.
[deleted]
Bitch steady hollerin' out fuck me. No, Fuck Dat Bich.
Wow!  You people don’t get it!

The man posted proof of this name, 
because every person he knows calls him “Punk Bitch”
Dude looks like shit for being 23.
with over a billion users, the one person with the most unfortunate name on the planet was bound to make headlines.
For a company that's fully saturated western markets and now only hope for growth is expanding in Africa and Asia, it's mind blowing how culturally naive that company continues to be.

It shouldn't be any of facebook's business what his real name is anyway. Let's get some decent privacy laws to prevent them from forcing people to use their real names, and then the problem's solved.
Pho Dac Biet
&gt;Facebook's chief product officer, Chris Cox

He should be banned too, I mean, let's be serious, what real person would be called "cocks"?
Now he can give  rest of his personal data to Facebook.
Bich's ain't shit.
I always see stuff like this and then look at my friends list that has names like swaggy, emogamer and dinasrawr and im just like ??? How r these people not blocked if people with common names r?
No relation to [them](http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=VhQhZyNKqhM)
[His favorite local spot](http://imgur.com/isbuhVF.jpg)
"Is it because I'm Asian? Is it?" 


No it's because your name is Phuc Dat Bich
his name doesn't sound funny in vietnamese if anyone is wondering.
- anyone else? - Phuc Dat
A colleague's name is Hung-Wei Liu, pronounced hung way low. Nobody ever believes me when i tell them
Why not spell it how it's pronounced? My sister in law last name is Nguyen pronounced Win. 
This brings to mind, Colbert's similar issue with names: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygDVO8z5lR8

WESTSIDE

BANKHEAD

IS WHERE I'M FROM
Can't tell If this name would be amazing,  or if it would be my worst nightmare...... 
The Vietnamese pronunciation of Phuc is FOOP. 
good thing they're abstinent, or that outbreak could get a lot worse!
[deleted]
School: Well, a lot of y'all are getting a disease called "Chlamydia," and that's not good.  
Students: How can we protect ourselves from getting that disease?  
School:  We can't tell you.  

"20 out of 300" 

Glad Crane is still in the national spotlight for this.  Must be all those rainblow parties, orgys, &amp; sexting I hear about on the news... 
/r/atheism with the hard hitting fact-checking, even when it protects idiotic abstinence only education from blame.

http://www.vice.com/read/a-fake-chlamydia-epidemic-has-traumatized-this-small-texas-town-511

Never happened, people.

Edit: I hope you people realize I mean r/atheism got it right. We had a post in there with that vice.com link showing it wasn't true a couple days ago. Despite the bad rap it gets, we care about the actual truth.
"Claptrap" is actually a pretty rude insult when you think about it
"Jim Rummage told television station KFOR, "We do have an abstinence curriculum, and that evidently ain’t working. "

God.
Sorry to burst everyone's gleeful bubble, but this is a false story.

And old.

http://www.vice.com/read/a-fake-chlamydia-epidemic-has-traumatized-this-small-texas-town-511
http://www.vice.com/read/a-fake-chlamydia-epidemic-has-traumatized-this-small-texas-town-511
My god, its airborne....
Lubbock Texas has the highest rate of STD's in the nation.
[deleted]
[She's Too Young (2004)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0385278/)
Banning things doesn't make them go away.  Haven't we learned this yet as a planet?  The Chlamydia in the abstinence school, the gay porn in Pakistan (most in the world), the piles of liquor during the liquor prohibition, the tonnes of drugs available during the drug war...
People. Only 3 students were confirmed to have chlamydia.
Sounds like the problem here is just too much sinning
All them sinners gone burn in hERRRLLLLLL FOR DEY SINS AGAINST GAHWD.
Look, as a parent I totally wish for abstinence for my kids until they are much older and have the emotional maturity for sex.  I want them they understand that waiting a bit is often the best choice.

But I'm also a realist.  Kids really really want to have sex.  It's hard wired into us.  Not everyone will act on it or have the opportunity.  But there's a damn good chance it might happen earlier than you'd otherwise want as a parent.

And because that's the reality we live in I absolutely want them very well informed about how to protect themselves.  

I'd be neglecting one of the most important aspects of being a parent (keeping my kids safe) if I didn't make sure they had all the knowledge available to protect themselves.  What type of shit parent purposefully hinders their school's ability to keep them safe from something they will almost certainly encounter?  
It's always happens in the sex-free-zones. There's a parallel here, but shoot! It escapes me.
Wasn't there an article on the front page yesterday saying that this was all bunk? 20 students were *tested*, the number of positives was not announced, because that would be an egregious breech of doctor patient confidentiality. The principle got it wrong, and then that incorrect information got published.
Jesus will take care of it. Let go and let God. 
Abstinence is the number 1 cause of teenage pregnancy. 
[Sounds kind of like this one...](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/03/31/indiana-planned-parenthood_n_6977232.html)
[I've got the clap, and I'm givin it to you.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bw2X1oq_js)
I'm pretty sure this is old news. I remember this being reported about 4-6 months ago
It's totally from the toilet seats
I'd like to think that a disgruntled student went on a chlamydia rampage here.
Maybe its a school for koalas
My kids go to that school. 
Someone should seriously clean those toilet seats.
At the university I attends they have one big bowl of condoms in all the food halls. Though it was kinda weird the first time I saw it, but it`s good that the school prevent outbreaks like this rather than try to prevent people in their sexual peak from having sex.
Hahahahhaahhahahagaggaga
i guess thats what happens when you refuse to teach young people how to look after themselves
I've heard that chlamydia has overcome just about every one of our antibiotics at this point.  Good luck, kids.

10/10 these kids fuck
I guess my ex-gf I left in Texas found a job working near a school and spread her legs and her clap to some students.
Stupidity breeds stupidity, burning urethra included. 
It's part of gods plan
&gt; "We do have an abstinence curriculum, and that evidently ain’t working. We need to do all we can, although it’s the parents’ responsibility to educate their kids on sexual education.”

It's all right there.

When are the idiot teachers going to **do their homework** and realize the safest way to teach teens sex ed is explaining all about it, STD's and condoms and child-rearing all together?
Funny how the state with the biggest "abstinence-only" support has the highest numbers in the country for both teen pregnancy and teen STDs.

Why, it's almost as if abstinence-only wasn't worth a thing at all...
When you read "it ain't working" you know the problem is at a higher level.
Im sorry for these kids getting an std, but things like this bring me joy. Growing up with a jw mother I was expected to remain abstinent until I was married (which didn't happen) and love seeing kids thinking for themselves and not listening when someone is trying to control their actions when it's no one else's business. Now if only they knew to wrap it up. 
I did not know you can get chlamydia in the poophole loophole
20 students and 1 teacher..
Test the teachers as well for a real scandal.
Is this any worse than the average high school? Out of my core group of 4 friends, 3 of us have had chlamydia, I've had it twice. Shit is rampant. 

Edit: looks like the outbreak was fake, and I'm a slut. 
I bet pregnancy is also rampant there 
&gt;It turns out a local doctor had informed Rumage that 21 teens had been tested for chlamydia

Why is a doctor telling the school about his patient's health?
How does shit like this pass for an "article"

Can I just write anything down and post it on some backwater news site, not cite anything, and still call it news?


The only comment on that article that isn't spam is blaming the news. This is the kind of thing that happens when you rely on any system to do a parent's job. Talk to your stupid children!
dear social conservatives:

if you outlaw abortions girls will bleed out and die trying to abort in dangerous ways

if you outlaw condoms young girls will get pregnant and both boys and girls will get diseases

if you outlaw common fucking sense you only hurt your own children, you shallow judgmental morons

the bible speaks of the sin of pride:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_deadly_sins#Pride

&gt;Pride (Latin, superbia), or hubris (Greek), is considered, on almost every list, the original and most serious of the seven deadly sins: the source of the others. It is identified as believing that one is essentially better than others, failing to acknowledge the accomplishments of others, and excessive admiration of the personal self (especially holding self out of proper position toward God); it also includes vainglory (Latin, vanagloria) which is unjustified boasting. Dante's definition of pride was "love of self perverted to hatred and contempt for one's neighbour". 

know thyself

you don't have morality. you have hypocrisy and a false sense of superiority

thank you,
the sane world

The state of Texas has served as a laboratory for all sorts of r-wing policy ideas, like abstinence-only, and zero-tolerance policing of drugs, lock everyone up.  And what happens?  They find out the policy doesn't work, and they go about changing it.  That's happened in both these things now.  Thank you, Texas, and sorry to all you Texans who had to suffer as experimental subjects.
Theres a fucking shocker. If only there was heaps and heaps of evidence showing that abstinent only training does not work? Oh wait there is, luckily its in a state that is super open to new information and adjusting their beliefs accordingly, oh wait, its mother fucking texas
Alright who saw the comments?

&gt;I'm A Voodoo Spell Caster With No Side effect.
1. Reunite Ex Lovers After Being Dumped And Stops Divorce.
2. Get promotion you have desired for a long time at work or in your career.
3. Ensure success in work and business.
4. Get Luck &amp; Winning Big in any lottery jackpot.
5. Get married to the lover of your choice.
6. Stop your marriage or relationship from breaking apart.
7. Ladies having difficulties getting pregnant, get pregnancy spell done and you will be pregnant and deliver safety.
8. Hope for kidney disease and cancer, get the spell done and be cured.
Contact on. Redacted Number redacted. No Problem To Big That Voodoo Can Not Fix.﻿

Superintendent using "ain't working" does not reflect well on the level of education. 
Immaculate Infection
Almost the perfect metaphor for every right wing religious nutcase idea ever.
Clearly they are not praying hard enough.
Teacher, i practice abstinence it must be immaculate infection.
From the article:

&gt;"We do have an abstinence curriculum, and that evidently ain’t working...."

-The superintendent of schools in Crane, Texas

***::Slow Clap::***
&gt; 20 of the high schools 300 students have tested positive for chlamydia

That's 6%.  Is that all it takes for the CDC to declare an epidemic?  It doesn't seem all that rampant to me.
I'll take Things I Saw Coming for $900, Alex.
Sounds legit. I went to school in TX, and I had the clap. Related?  Duh. 

Seriously though, there was a ton of misinformation floating around that school, and the responsibility fell on the lady to enforce protection. The dudes just WOULDNT. I moved away and found the opinions on women's vs men's sexual responsibility varied greatly. But that could have also been age. Older and wiser?  I'm just lucky it was only the clap. 
I'm a little disturbed regarding the image of the classroom provided. 
KINDERGARTEN?!
I can't decide if this is further proof the media really is biased, really is incompetent, or both but for those of you salivating to stick it to the small, predominately Christian Texas town, it might be worthwhile to know [none of this actually happened](http://www.vice.com/read/a-fake-chlamydia-epidemic-has-traumatized-this-small-texas-town-511).

But fuck facts.  We've made it to the front page!
Obviously the clap is now an airborne virus.
Hey America,

When are you going to learn to be less retarded?

Regards,
Some of the rest of the world.
abstinence is like telling someone who is worried about gaining weight to starve themselves.  They will to an extent and then they get an eating disorder, or in this case they get fucking cock sick
Bristol Palin tells you everything you need to know about the effectiveness of abstinence education.
What? But how ever could this be? Those kids were taught not to be sexually active by a fail-safe method of abstinence. I bet it's video games. And the hip hopping music that they listen to. That's what's making abstinence only sex education fail. 
The whole Christian faith is based on Abstinence not working
How did you all contract this!? 

Umm we had the holy spirit in us, but he was in Jenny first.
TIL: You get Chlamydia from abstinence.
Clap if you love Jesus. 
Republicans...
I surely bet it's a gay conspiracy to throw a bad light at this loving, caring and noble institution. *obvious troll is obvious*
ITT:

\&gt; Town of population &lt;4,000.

\&gt;This is definitely completely representative of a state of 26 million.
There's so much clap in these schools they call it applause.
Quagmire...!
Just make it clap! 
So is this properly verified? There was an article similar to this that was inaccurate.
How did the superintendent find this out? Don't the kids have doctor patient confidentiality?
damn, I guess you can't pray that one away
Im a little late to the party here but I go to highschool in Texas and this was addressed by my Health teacher. But instead of saying to use condoms he kept saying "the only way to fully avoid STDs is to fully abstain from all sorts of sex" he couldn't even tell us how to use a condom. He had to preach abstainance. I saw in his eyes when he was teaching this subject he really wanted to talk about condoms or something other than abstinence. But he just couldn't.

The health classes are so messed up here.
HA. HAHA.
Sounds like these kids need a little more JAYSUS in their lives.

That's the only possible solution to this problem.

Only one.
I'm sure it's just dirty toilet seats. 
This is a mutant strain, it spreads via purity and chasteness now, you see.
Haha and all they had to do was butt stuff cause you can't get stds from anal. 
My God it's gone airborne 
That's what you get!
But how?
We do have an abstinence curriculum, and that evidently ain’t working

hmm i wonder why that could be 
Kinda what happens when you don't educate them properly about safe practices.
If this is actually a direct quote from the super, I think this high school has larger problems than chlamydia.

"We do have an abstinence curriculum, and that evidently ain’t working. We need to do all we can, although it’s the parents’ responsibility to educate their kids on sexual education.”

Where did he earn his degree? God, I hate living in Texas.
Comment summary: Christians are dumb and abstinence does not work because people die if they don't have sex. Ergo Christians are to blame for this std/sti outbreak.
i really wish I could see which niche groups these students are in.
My school handed out condoms to everyone. That was weird too.
Christmas is right around the corner, maybe they were looking to give the gift that keeps on giving. 
So they have guys dressed up as dicks to raise awareness for the rising chlamydia threat?
Oh the hypocrisy...
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/05/05/texas-high-school-chlamydia-outbreak_n_7216822.html
Play stupid games... 
Yeah, look, we're not almost 7 bil people on this planet because people are so very good at keeping their genitals away from each other.

But sure, if you believe dinosaurs lived a few thousand years ago, then an abstinent teenager probably seems plausible.
An epidemic of immaculate infection.
And the entire student body clapped to show their devotion to abstinence.
[In un-related news cu-tip sales have skyrocketed!](http://i.cdn.turner.com/asfix/repository//8a25c3920eaf5fa6010eaffb99c438bf/fg_ep083_11.jpg)
If you forbid people to do something, they'll be all the more likely to do it for the wrong reasons. 

If you teach them WHY they should not do it - educate them, they're far more likely to avoid unhealthy behaviour.  When will people learn this? 
Immaculate transmission?
[This is what the area around Crane, TX looks like.](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Crane,+TX+79731/@31.391795,-102.3660275,10308m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x86fa15fe2a07220d:0x632958ac19f36915)

Not a lot of other *fun* activities to partake in, if you know what I mean...
They were probably all riding the same tractor in their bathing suits.
OMG high school kids are having sex who would have guessed it, what's this world coming to
I hope they sue them out of their asses. I strongly dislike abstinence-only schooling.
well maybe if their sex ed class wasnt all just talk about not having sex and actually educated the children about the dangers of un protected sex.  

21st century and people are still so uninformed.
Good ole' abstinence education, folks. 
I had to make an account just to comment on this. This exact same thing is happening in my rural Texas town. I know of 30 teens that are being treated for it. This situation is hilarious. That is all.
Chlamydia...so hot right now. 
&gt;abstinence-only high school

That's actually a thing??? Lol good luck controlling teenagers with hormones...
oh no not chlamydia...
Okay, honest question... who didn't know about condoms in high school? Did you not know? Did any of your friends not know? Whenever I hear stories like this I can't help but think it's all coincidental.  Condoms are not hidden in the recesses of society and you can easily find out about them on a simple internet search.  

I'm not saying abstinence-only education is ever okay, but I wouldn't believe a high schooler who told me they didn't know how to protect themselves.  Maybe a sixth grader.  MAYBE a junior high kid.  But a high schooler? No way.
Not very surprising since parents send their troubled kids to these schools because of problems like this. They somehow think that putting a bunch of kids with the same problems together won't cause them to repeat said problems again? Makes me think they've never heard of peer pressure.

Source: I went to a private school for several years. Half of the kids there were kicked out of every other public school in the district. 
How do they not realize that telling teens they can't have 'normal' sex is just going to make them find other ways to have sex? I'll be honest, I kinda envy the guys in this school cause every girl there is evidently easily talked into oral/anal.
Why is the picture from an elementary school? Don't tell me high school kids are just learning cursive.
Not surprising at all. 
As long as the students are told to cover their mouths and noses when they sneeze, I'm sure everything will turn out OK. 
I just hope someone in the teacher's lounge, while sitting in awkward silence after an onslaught of paparazzi, chimes in: "maybe... maybe we should have said something about condoms."
Relevant- https://youtu.be/B-wrYqX_8Sc
maybe a little abstinence could help?
this is so incredibly obvious it doesnt even belong in /r/nottheonion 
"Drugs rampant in illegal drug zones"   yeah, and?

People are going to do what they want, especially to satisfy a base desire. Oppressive rules should be broken.
Im honestly confused that there needs to be any sex ed at all considering the internet exists.
I don't mean to question the high end journalism coming out of Texas.. but is [this an accurate photo of an average classroom at this school?](http://media.cmgdigital.com/shared/lt/lt_cache/thumbnail/400/img/photos/2012/08/16/71/be/school_4.JPG)
This stat is meaningless without knowing what is the national chlamydia rate among all high schoolers.
This just sounds like fucking backwards retarded bullshit. People are going to fuck, there's nothing wrong with that... Be open with talking to the students about sex and 'safe' sex don't demonise them so they won't come forward for STD tests and treatment. Doesn't make sense to have abstinence schools at a time when their bodies ate telling them to fuck fuck fuck... Fuck.
Abstinence only high school makes it sound like the have the unusual policy of not being allowed to fuck at school.
Yeah, without schools to teach teens about safe - sex they are so isolated from information.  They probably don't even know what a penis or a condom is. 
*sigh*

False. False false false. The superintendant of the district is an idiot and "abstinence-only" is still bullshit, but the story is false. 

The super saw a report that 20 students were _tested_ and thought that meant 20 students were _positive for chlamydia_. In fact the number was only 3.

3 is still too many, but it's not an epidemic.
&gt;Texas health officials told me Monday that the state has confirmed just four recent cases of chlamydia in all of Crane County; and in an interview today, Rumage said that three of those were his students. It turns out a local doctor had informed Rumage that 21 teens had been tested for chlamydia, not confirmed, and the school superintendent got a bit confused. 
[Except that it is not true]( http://www.vice.com/read/a-fake-chlamydia-epidemic-has-traumatized-this-small-texas-town-511)
oh the irony.
The internet: the only place with people so lonely they wish they had STDs.
abstinence being taught schould be forbidden..

no child wants to learn that.. it's dumb religious parents forcing them to attend those classes.. fucking stupid
All the kids who listened to the school admins and practiced abstinence are chlamydia free though.
Well that's probably because the school has atheist kids. It's very well-known that all those tens of thousands of good Christian girls that get pregnant because of abstinence only, get pregnant because of atheist kids. Jesus doesn't want you to have sex at that age so they don't. It's those damn atheist kids talking them into it, and now they're spreading chlamydia!
Chlamydia is bio-terrorism?
Wasn't this in the news earlier that this was the head of the school warning parents that 20 people where only tested (3 of them where positive)

Why is this drivel up here again?
Ironic that the news site that posted this is Tulsa's oldest right-wing radio channel.


Why in 2015 are we willing to let religion put our children's health at risk?
&gt; although it’s the parents’ responsibility to educate their kids on sexual education.”

You're living in the past old man, it's the internet that educates us in sexual education.

My parents never told me a word about it and there was no Sex Ed in school either (other than shortly in biology, but that wasn't specific about sex but about reproduction).
On the plus side it's only Chlamydia. Could be worse 
That link actually had some trackers that I didn't have blocked. Impressive.
These kids clearly never learned about the 11th plague 
Abstinence is a load of rubbish. Denial of the beauty of natural sexual energy usually due to overt religious nonsense as usual.
"We do have an abstinence curriculum, and that evidently ain’t working."

No fucking shit lol
Oh the irony!
If you dont make a big deal out of sex kids won't think of it as a big deal and be so intrigued to start fucking. Its like alcohol in Europe. They don't make it a big deal in Europe and teens aren't so desperate to "finally try it" under presumptuously sketchy circumstances like here in the US. 
the commonts on that page are nice too XD
It's just like when god made Mary pregnant. Only, instead of Jesus, it's Chlamydia! 

This school has been truly blessed.
This is why you teach safe sex instead of no sex.
Isn't it possible that it happened because the toilet was not cleaned properly?
I mean I know it's really about teenagers f*cking as much as they can while pretending to be abstinent, but still...
&gt;that evidently ain’t working. 

Said the superintendent of schools.

WTF?
remember. Soaking isn't sex.
It takes all strength I can muster to not say: "HAH!" (Oops.) Seriiusly, sex ed is a good and important thing, people.
Wasn't there just an article saying that this is false, that a doctor in town told the principle that 20 students got tested for the disease, not that they have the disease, and it is all just the usual confusion?  

It was in /r/atheism yesterday or the day before but I can't find it now.
Definitely from a tractor seat.
It's called Durex
I heard you can get that from toilet seats. Just like pregnancy. Now where's my vicodin.
This is why sex education us critical at this age, and not just the fluffy "here are your contraception options" sex ed we all got in high school-level teach kids about the intricacies of how a women's body works. Using NFP as a married couple, my wife and I have learned more than ten times as much as we ever could in high school. Leaving teenagers with a patchy understanding of sex, regardless of whether abstinence is mentioned or not, is a recipe for disaster.
All according to the federal guidelines of course.
Honestly at this point its not even worth pointing out that abstinence only is the worst form of sex ed.  It is actually worse at preventing teen pregnancy than no sex ed at all because it deliberately teaches them that condoms are a waste of time so they dont bother.
You know what they say. Give me sex or give me the clap. Taken from some american quote.
REKT
It's really sad that it's the kids who suffer the consequences of lack of sex education. The superintendent does bring up a good point though, "it's the parents who should be teaching them." 
Turns out it's not wanking that may leave you blind...
What is this the 4th time I've seen this. Seems like this article comes out every so often and Texas still hasn't done anything.
I can see the smug look on the face of whomever brought clap to the party.
Praise the lord.
Those poor students in Crane, Texas have Fucktards for Leaders, the worst kind of STD.  Where is the CDC when you need them!  Just say no to Stupid Fucks! 
This is from May and it turned out to be fake.

http://www.vice.com/read/a-fake-chlamydia-epidemic-has-traumatized-this-small-texas-town-511
Gawds plan!!!
Looks like Archangel Gabriel has some health problems lately.
Edit: punctuation.
If you think you are going to stop sex from happening in highschool you must be a fucking idiot.
So would impacted bowel, not even joking.
I just don't understand why this is happening....
*Slow Clap*
Teaching no sex = STDs. DUH
Nelson laugh.
Obvious proof that abstinence programs don't work.
Seriously, when will conservatives learn that sex ed is the best way to prevent stuff like that.
It was their second choice, behind "HillaryIsABitch"
I would like to believe Bernies wifi password is something like... *Colonel_Sanders*
The RNC also have put forth a plan to give /u/CANT_TRUST_HILLARY 920,000 karma in three months. 
The Onion-iest part of this article is the wifi password at a political debate being newsworthy
Massive leftie here, don't care a bit, it's their password, and it's kind of funny really.

I'd have found it funny if the democratic one had been 'Guns4JesusLOL' or something too.
What I have learned from this thread: Reddit users have no sense of humor unless they agree with the political stance of the one making the jokes.

Edit:grammar
Hunter2
If you get outraged by this, your life must suck.
I thought this was funny. Guess I'm a Republican?
I laughed. That is actually pretty clever. 

Some people in this thread need to lighten up, my god. There seem to be a lot here who are working really hard to infer as much bad as possible. Dumb republicans. Evil right-wingers. Etc etc etc.. All over a wifi password. A wifi password used only as a jab to the media.

I find _that_ far more amusing. 

EDIT -

Since many are commenting on me finding this clever, let me explain. To me this is clever because we are now here talking about the GOP. Not just us, others are too. And you know what we're not talking about? The last insanely idiotic thing Carson or Trump said. 

It's clever because this was very well planned. Realize that the media has a bias towards Hillary. Give the media a special wifi password that ever so slightly mocks Hillary and the media. Wait for the media to write about it and people to start talking about their debate. That's clever.

Now, we can certainly argue if this is what the GOP had planned or not. That's a fair debate, if only because the GOP isn't exactly known for being clever or their brilliant marketing. I have to believe it was planned, though. I don't think the GOP is that stupid to give the media a special password (one that is a jab at them, none the less) and not realize they'd write about it. 
I like how most of the posts are about salty redditors, rather than the salty posts themselves. I've only found a few so far, but there's still the -5 posts to look at I guess.
Thanks guys now a bunch of freeloaders are gonna mooch the Wi-Fi at the debate.
Where is user u/cant_trust_hillary when you need him
That's awesome.
That password would be so much more secure with a two digit number at the end of it.
#stopomalley
[deleted]
ITT: /r/circlejerk 
How many rogue APs do you think there will be? Sounds like a funny joke  
Scholarships to Mizzou for all the people here upset about something that needed to be set, that probably took a quarter of a second to think up as a joke. 

I'm not a republican, but getting upset about this is embarrassing, and if THIS is what offends you, you need to reevaluate your priorities.

Changing my Wifi password to : stopfirstworldwhiners
People are not all democrats? Guys what's going on?I need an adult!
It's always revealing when an aspiring group of leaders define themselves in terms of their opposition, rather than based on their own purported merits. *sigh* 
TIL Reddit is filled with sticks in the mud. 
Finally something the Bernie circlejerkers and Republicans have in common
The media can just use their 4G LTE if they can't bring themselves to betray their chosen candidate. What are they really using for apart from tweeting their snarky retorts to everything the Republicans say?
It would be hilarious if Sanders ends up being the candidate. All the anti-Hilary stuff ends up being misdirection. 
Just like how Obama ran as the anti-Bush candidate. It goes both ways. 
I don't know why people debate. Shouldn't we just hire a king and queen?
I'm sure offensive SSID names on personal Wi-Fi hotspots are going to be a new trend on campuses.
All i see are comments about butthurt comments but no butthurt comments
More like
&gt;StopSanders

The GOP is basically campaigning on behalf of Hillary Clinton now.
You guys are fucking nuts, literally NO ONE here said something 
against it still this is the top comment:

"What I have learned from this thread: Reddit users have no sense of humor unless they agree with the political stance of the one making the jokes." 

scary, that the majority as it seems doesnt recognize that it is indeed the majority in here.
Well played. Got their opponents chattering about their slogan just by changing a Wifi password. Seriously. They basically managed to trick Arstechnica.com into advertising for the RNC, along with various other news outlets that love to hate the Republicans (including nottheonion).
It's always revealing when an aspiring group of leaders define themselves in terms of their opposition, rather than based on their own purported merits. *sigh* 
People here are getting butthurt over a WiFi password. Typical reddit.
Oh who the hell cares.  I'm left wing, but seriously?  Are we gonna get all riled up over *this?*
**Was** the wifi password. I'm sure it will be changed now that it's made it around the internet. 
If the Democrat password were "TrumpSucks" it would be top of /r/all, top of /r/politics and hailed as a sign of "how in touch" the party is.

And the Ds would still lose local and state elections en masse. 
It's going to be a choice between Hillary and Donald isn't it? Sanders is never going to become the nominee and we'll have a choice between shit and crap.
The 2 party system has to help each other out.  God forbid if Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump or some other non-player were to get a nomination and take power.

Many will see this as an attack on Hillary, when it really is just the Republicans helping to put Hillary back in the driver's seat.
I think they changed it to "swallowTheKoch"

As someone who works in media, this is something we would just laugh at.  
I like how the establishment already decided she is the nominee long before the primaries.
I can't believe they didn't use, "TrumpHillary" as password :-/
ITT righteous indignation about non existent complaints.
In Canada the message Stop Harper was always loud and clear. How come this is considered any different? 
I guess "StopObama" didn't work last time.
well, to be honest. 

their aim is really to stop hillary. how else are they going to get a republican president?
Lot of people complaining about the reddit liberal bias here.

But anyone actually criticizing this password is downvoted to hell.

This place confuses me
I'm so sick of our politics normalcy. It's one team vs the other. Whatever happened to bipartisanship? The thinking is extremely polarized. Fuck this.
It's always revealing when an aspiring group of leaders define themselves in terms of their opposition, rather than based on their own purported merits. *sigh* 
hahahaha lol I can see all of those socialists and communists in the media "Fuck it. I won't use their god damn wifi!"
Everybody says that this is funny..

I just sort of thought it was stupid and moved on -not giving a flying fuck
BernieIsGonnaKillUs
Why the hell does anyone give a shit? It's a fucking Wi-Fi password that's meant to be, at best, a mildly humorous joke given the context.
Are they really that childish?!
The way they cant stop talking about her, you would think they want her to win.
Hmmmm... Wifitrolling vs selling uranium production to Russia. This is too hard!
This is hilarious actually
This is funny! Good on the Republicans for having some humour!
Everything else aside, let's all vote for the guy who can't even keep himself from tweeting out the WiFi password.
ITT yale liberals angry their 'feelings' space has been violated.  
Now *that*'s insecurity. 
How mature. It's reassuring to see that our politicians behave like adults. 
This is amazing. 
Haha, love it. Go GOP
I agree. Stop Hillary! #Bernie2016
Hillary Clinton laughs when an audience member [admits to wanting to cause bodily harm to a republican candidate](http://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/259686-clinton-laughs-after-audience-member-suggests-he-wants-to-strangle-fiorina) and Reddit doesn't bat an eye.  Republicans make a tongue-in-cheek joke with their wifi password and Reddit loses it's mind.  
It's cute that the GOP thinks that Hillary is their opponent.
Will probably vote for Hillary.  I think it's funny that they thought to do this.  If you are offended, chill out.
[deleted]
Awesome, time to download my torrent collection!
As a dyed-in-the-wool pinko leftist feminist liberal, I have no problem with this. A few jokes at the opposition's expense are to be expected, even encouraged, so long as they don't cross the line into the obscene or threatening. "Stop Hillary" isn't that bad. I'm sure there are similar jokes floating around the Democratic Party as well. 
&gt; This morning, the RNC retweeted an image showing the Wi-Fi SSID and password—adding only a handclap emoji.

At first I thought that said "handicap emoji," which makes more sense.
FREE WIFI!! THATS WASSUP!
Wasn't their previous password "911insidejob"?
It's like a group of children combined with a large dose of Sarah Palin.
hehe top kek
Why is it that I always hear about Republican debates and not Democrat ones?
Was this the password they used at the Benghazi hearings as well?
Who knew the Godawful Oppression Party were Bernie Sanders fans? I agree, stop Hillary! 

I mean, it's not like America is insane enough to vote in someone as bugfuck insane as the crop of Republican candidates, which leaves just the one sane entry into the race, Mr Sanders. 
Because, you know, it's not about any of the R candidates actually running on a platform that would get them elected - it's simply "stop Hillary."
Reddit totally isn't politically biased to the left.
Can't someone use this to troll the hell out of the debate? Anyone?
Can I stream the debate somewhere or does my lack of a cable bill disqualify me from watching presidential candidates talk?
Still less biased than the media :/ 
This is fantastic and hilarious. Not sure how it qualified for "not the onion". In other real news, the FBI has just launched a full blown investigation into Clinton's emails....
This is so comically childish.

It's like petty middle school levels of bullshit.

These people want to be in charge of 320 million people.

Edit: wow. Went from +45 to -2 in like two hours.
Edit 2:  Yay! My most controversial comment ever. 
people can go outside and get free wifi now
What's the point of having a password if you broadcast it all over the web?
Why even have a password f you're going to post it to social media?
So... does this open a large security breach for random internet spammers to break into the debate? Reminds me of when 4chan raided some agile2013 conference's Twitter feed.
Yeah, well, I'm sure the wifi password at Dan Savage's studio has been "santorum" since like 2006. 
Could this threaten their network security in any way? 
What's the point of a password if everyone knows it already?

Isn't it a security issue if they announce their wifi password? 
Don't worry, it's the mainstream media that's biased.  Not these guys over at Fox Business having the true debate.
A WiFi password is useless for security when it's shared. Anyone with the password can decrypt other user packets and likely inject/intercept traffic.
Well, #StopHarper worked for Trudeau.
https://archive.is/FEHb2 Here's an archive link if anyone doesn't want to support Ars Technica.
Ha ha so they decided against the "Hillaryisabitch" password- huh.
...if they want to connect to the WiFi 
banter

If they offer good wifi rhey feel as if that will stop the media from asking GOTCHA MOTHERFUCKER questions. They want the easy questions to garner popularity 
My home wifi is named NSA Surveillance Van obviously to fuck with my neighbors.  I've never heard anyone mention it until my mother in law came over to watch the kids for the day.  After trying to connect to wifi she spent the entire day looking out the window.  When we got home she told us she thinks we're being watched and we should be careful.  I can't remember the last time I laughed that hard.  

There's a lot of things to bitch about in a Presidential campaign no matter which party you identify with.  The Wifi name isn't one of them.
Fox had better lob the contestants softball questions, else they become a part of the liberal mainstream media too!
Jokes aside and whatnot, passwords that everyone knows aren't very good passwords.  I mean if it came out after the fact it'd be one thing, but anybody could get on the wifi now.
We been hiding guns in the sofa since *toy soldiers...*
Does anyone have a link to tonight's debate?
Thanks
thank you alot 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ot_0Ao4W7VU
Who cares?
Today will mark the day that a a million redditors steal WiFi from the Republican party.
Who cares?
This is hilarious.
FOX really wants their guy to get to go against Hillary, don't they?

Bernie terrifies them.
so?
Hahahaha that's awesome. This should be on uplifting news.
Classy
I don't find this upsetting, but rather sad.

Perhaps people disagree, but this really shows how far politics has gone. No longer is it disagreeing about issues, it's fighting to stop a specific person running for office. The real debates should be about policy, plans, and stances on key issues, not personal attacks.
Yeah, and?
That is so mind-blowingly petty. I love it. 
For once, the republicans provide free stuff, and you moochers still aren't happy.
Good.
Not gonna lie, this is kinda funny.
Kinda infantile, how unsurprising.
Bad publicity is still publicity. 
I'll type just about anything for wifi access.  
Well played, well played indeed! Cow bell awarded! 
Why that's not petty at all... hardly...

I would like to take this opportunity to remind everyone that being offended that other people are offended is still being offended.  Carry on my oddities, abnormalities, and curiosities.
Anyone else sometimes feel that the Republicans are actually trying to help Hillary by constantly giving her free airtime/attention? 

Maybe they are actually aligned with democrats behind closed doors, and have already decided that Hillary is supposed to win this election (not just the primaries).
ITT: Dorks getting mad at joke
That's actually pretty funny, petty sure, but funny.
They're fans of Doug Henwood? That's amazing!
Oh heavens no! I hope this didn't offend any of them!
Bullshit.

168.169.0.1  = 11 characters.

Admin name = autofills.
Password = 8 characters....  (we already know they don't know secure password basics.  So "password" password it is.)

Drag and click to "change Password".... 3 clicks. 

Use a real 8 digit password. = 8 characters...
Repeat  = 8 characters.
Update = 2 characters. (because they want to make sure you really want to change your password.)

Total work =  40 keystrokes.
Length of Title for weblink = 74 keystrokes.

Cost of payment :  One red starbucks cup.
whats the point of a wifi password if you post it on twitter?

1- everyone knows the password now, so pointless

2- for those that didnt know the password, they cant log in to your wifi to find out what the password is without the password.
So Bernie isn't even a threat ? :( 
very professional 
Clearly Republicans eon't get the point of passwords.

edit: that being said, it's not like Democrats have never made petty stupid jokes.  It's not exactly shocking or out of character for politicians to do this sort of crap.  
Hillaryous
What's next, all GOP candidates are now pro cootie shots?
Such security.
Isn't this hilarious 
But in all seriousness, are there people here who ARE voting for that wretched hag?
Other alternatives were:

Clint0nSuck5
Bush4ev3r
Bl00d4OIL
ReganIsJesus

So, everyone go there and download CP.
This thread has more polite political discussion than I've ever seen in r/politics. Weird.
Stop, Hilary, we can't take any more!
Isn't this also a gross violation of free speech (press freedom)?


We get it: you hate democrats, but retards that is what we hear with each election from you. Nothing new here.


US citizens are not interested in your WIFI password but **WHAT** you want to do for the US when you get elected.

And showing what the opposition does and why you hate them does not clear up what you want to do.

Republicans, a trustworthy partner in fucking up America when it counts!

And these idiots thinks that this is really smart, it only shows that the republican party thinks that politics is for children and its alright to behave like little spoiled shits.

"IhateKindergarten"
it's rather smart of them, seeing as Hillary is the most vulnerable Democrat possible candidate. they would have been insane to legitimize Sanders in this way.
Do you like listening to dubstep: https://youtu.be/su_VWdIbttI
OH MY GOD THE HORROR!
That is actually kind of funny. I nearly breathed out of my nose hard
Not much of a password now.
make enough irrational attacks on a candidate, and people will start to think that all opposition to that candidate is based on irrationality.

its just one of the ways political manipulators convince idiots to vote for scumbags, I.E. *"hey, all these irrational bigoted morons oppose this candidate, therefore this candidate must be good!"*

notice how they're not making anywhere near as much effort to attack sanders, *because that would give him attention, and they're fully aware that their vocal opposition to hillary is helping her*.
Yeah thatll show em.

Look Hillary is about as qualified to be president as some shit left on the sidewalk but thats just childish.
There may not have been a clear winner, but the clear loser is the guy who made the story about the amateurish wifi password over the Republican debate itself.
Petty. That is all.
Great idea to publish a wifi password. Why not use "HackersWelcome" while at it.
So illustrative, sacrificing the entire point of a Wi-Fi password for their own fickle whims.
Haha those republicans are TOUGH!
Funny, but predictably petty. 
The democrats need to find a better candidate. This is NOT one they can lose. That is exactly what Hilary will do. 
I don't have a problem with this. Media should either use the wifi and shut it or use their own mefis and personal hotspots.

I supported IT for media for 13 years and if any of my people complained about this I would have laughed at them.
Sweet! Where's the debate? I need to finish torrenting Doctor Who...
Between this and the Starbucks cups, I honestly think Republicans think that they're tricking people into their beliefs. 
... and it's not a bad thing.
Hillary WILL make it to the top of Everest!
Soooo... somebody should have gone and phished errybody's info from the unsecure wifi network?
This is kind of funny. If Democrats put the same password in regards to Donald Trump this would be funny too. 

It's funny. *shrug*
HAHAHA that's great.
TL;DR anti-Republican clickbait article that's actually funny and may lead to more pro-Republican's 
The media can just use their 4G LTE if they can't bring themselves to betray their chosen candidate. What are they really using for apart from tweeting their snarky retorts to everything the Republicans say?
*"The thinking here seems be that this will function as a clove of garlic to the vampiric mass media, all of whom are registered Democrats intent on sucking the life out of the Grand Old Party's slate."*

They say this with sarcasm, but this is a fact: the vast majority of of the media (with the exception of foxnews, of course), ARE card-carrying democrats. Some even donate substantial amounts of money to the Democratic party. I don't know why this is even in dispute since it's supposed to be common knowledge. 
Anyone know why 21 USC §643 is cited in the login prompt? That has to do with "Registration of business, name of person, and trade names " regarding meat vendors.
WiFi password for the next democratic debate: "StopTrumpsHair"
What use is a password if it's all over the news?
why is this STILL on the front page? it's 22 hours old
If Hillary is such a big threat, what they should be doing instead is changing the narrative to be against Sanders. That way, he looks like a more legit candidate and might get more support on the Dem side of things. Then if he's selected as the candidate, they'd have an easier time winning.

The conservatives in Canada made the same mistake. They legitimized Justin Trudeau with constant attacks focusing on him when at the time he wasn't as big a deal as Mulcair.
Man, its almost like the Republicans want to beat the Democrats in the election or something.
Nah, I'd prefer "convict_Bernie_with_terrorism" though
That's actually hilarious.
At least they have a sense of humor.
She should be arrested or banned from elected positions. I mean the level of incompetence with the Benghazi security, she admitted she didn't know how to do her job. Then the email business. I mean she has to be accountable for how stupid she has been in her position.
Doesn't this mean that it would be easier for someone to hack the wifi network?  You know, by publicly disclosing the password? 
God I hope someone hacks the shit out of them.
This is an other reason why I don't want Hilary to win the democratic nomination. The republicans WANT to run against her. 
As a democrat, I agree. 
He then claimed diplomatic immunity as the King of Beers.
He was reported to have said, "But my name is on it," as he was being led away.
[This isn't his first run in with the law.](http://fox2now.com/2014/12/17/this-mugshots-for-you-bud-weisser-busted-for-burglarly/) I think he's just doing it for the funny headlines.
Wise up, Bud. 
His parents were kind of assholes. I can't imagine how much a name like that'd fuck a kid up.
&gt; Bud Weisser changed his Facebook profile pic to **his previous mugshot** in October.

Okay, this guy's got style. Note the date, too: he didn't turn himself in until December.


This guy has fulfilled his destiny.
No, officer, you don't understand, I'm Bud Weisser.
i AM the beer.
Poor Bud is none the Weisser after this run in
I wonder if they've ever had encounters with troublemakers named Samuel Adams in Boston. 



"Oh, a weiss guy, eh?"
"C'mon what's your real name"
"It's.. Bud Weiser I swear"
*unsheathes baton*   
Real men of genuissssssss
"You don't understand, I own this place"
"*This* Bud's *not* for you"
His cousin Mick A. Lobe wanted for questioning.
After being released from custody, the jail was one Bud Lite. 
This doesn't bode well for his son Bud Light.
Well, once he's caught, they can't just treat Bud light.
He looks like Zach Effron's coked out felon brother
You've gotta nip trespassers in the bud.
Bud? Wise? Errr.....
This is really funny.
Good job Bud, you made it to the 2nd page of Reddit! Definitely worth  the arrest. 
respect him for keeping that hairstyle relevant
That's not trespassing
Side note;  I always love how Police throw in Resisting Arrest into almost every Arrest on record. This is just another way they can ensure that they will be able to keep charges pressed against a person , whether it is just or not (IMO). 
This kid's parents are the ones who should be arrested.
[Nominative Determinism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominative_determinism)
And now he is sadder Bud Weisser
So that's who George Thorogood was singing about.
He could have just poked out his ID and try and convince the security guards he actually owned the place.
Plot Twist:  Police still looking for getaway driver Miller Tyme. 
"This is not Bud Weisser's first run in with the law. He snuck into a gas station in August 2014 with his girlfriend, Shelly Oil."
tey should let him in
He appears to be up for whatever.
Hopefully in jail he'll grow older bud wiser.
I live in St Louis and I worked with and am friends with this guys father on facebook. His folks are decent hard working people and this kid is just a fuck up.

There have been a lot of rumors flying, but the main one thats all too familiar is the kid is on pain pills or heroin, or both, and is just a fucking asshole and a waste.
All fun and games until he crosses paths with "Butt Widener" in prison. 
Clearly it was his destiny.
Lovely bit at the end there.
Somehow I'm not surprised that a kid with the name Bud Weisser is starting his criminal record so young. 
I bet his piss tastes like Budweiser lime.
I'm surprised he didn't try the old "My dad owns the place"
It's was his destiny!
This guy is a fucking legend.
Bud did it make him any Weisser?
You may take my name, but you'll never take...MY FREEDOM. 

Oh wait...
/r/sadlynottheonion
I bet his piss tastes better than their beer.

&gt; Bud Weisser changed his Facebook profile pic to his previous mugshot in October.

Favorite part.
Still a better name than North West...
I can see the confusion. The place had his name on it.
If anyone is named Pete Zahaught...
Its irony my name is iron N.Y.
Better off naming your kid Tad.
not to undramatized this - but the brewery leaves their front doors open 27/7.  it's hardly breaking and entering - more like just entering. 
With parents like that, I'm not surprised he's had so many run ins with the law.
I was named after a beer, wasn't I dad
It must suck having a name like that. Every time he breaks the law, the news does a story on him just because he has a funny name.  I don't know anyone named Bud.  Is that supposed to be short for buddy?  His parents must've known what they were doing.
Are we so sure that is wasn't Bud Wei Ser and it wasn't actually just 3 bullfrogs stacked on top of each other in a trenchcoat?
"not the onion"is turning into "is the propaganda machine"

How many times do you think the cops asked him what his name *really* was?
Until he was caught, they were none the Weiser.
Okay, nobody should be taking this Bud Lite-ly. 

I'll see myself out...
I bet he got some stick time for being a smart ass.
Why, Bud, sir?
"What do you mean I don't belong here. It's got my name all over it."
Bud Weisser Bundy
What a Weis guy
they should hire him
HOOOO FUCK YA BUD
He shall not get a lager sentence after this crime. :D.
Did you guys see where it says they matched the DNA collected at the scene of his earlier break in? They DNA tested blood at the scene of a gas station burglary. I mean they seriously went full CSI on this guy, after he turned himself in, for a broken window and some beef jerky.
Trespassers have no class these days.
How dare you arrest me! This is my birth right!!! I own this place! Kneal before Bud, the Budweiser lord!
I swear these so called journalist and editors are horrible these days. It's like they don't even try anymore. Entered a secure area at the brewery at after 6pm on Thursday. Then all the sentences that could be combined and/or writen better. I know Fox is shit but come the fuck on.
With a name like that you would eventually be drawn to the brewery.
I know it's a trivial point, but is "summonses" the right word? I mean, I get that if there was only one summons, it would still have the "s" but why not just have two summons? 

Any grammarians out there want to take a stab at explaining this?
Now just needs to a woman named Ann Heiser.
&gt; Bud Weisser changed his Facebook profile pic to his previous mugshot in October.

Whaaaat?
I am the liquor, officer.  
The trews, SMH, this kid is a headline waiting to happen,lol.
Imagine the conversation with the cop when he was arrested...

"Gonna need your name now"

"Bud Weisser"

"Yeah yeah now smarten up or i'll smarten you up"
Anybody wanna do the frog thing with me?

Bud
**BECAUSE IT IS MY NAME AND I CAN NOT HAVE ANOTHER LIKE IT IN THIS LIFE!!!!**
Who sneaks in somewhere at 6pm?! 
This Bud's not for you.
How much did Budweiser pay him for this set up? 
&gt;Bud Weisser changed his Facebook profile pic to his previous mugshot in October.

Wtf
Its not like Duff Man broke in. 
I like how he posted his previous mugshot as his Facebook photo
Judge should give him 3-weeks in the pokey for Beechwood Aging. 
The arresting officer mustve been so confused.
His parents named him Bud Weisser?  Kid never had a chance.
That should be grounds for dismissal right there.  
/r/retiredusernames has met /r/outside
He has done this hundreds of times. They're usually none the weisser.
Went to school with this kid. It all started in the 3rd grade.
He planned this
OK, I am waiting to see Ralph Lauren breaks into Ralph Lauren, Michael Kors gets arrested in Michael Kors, and Jimmy Jones steal a sub in Jimmy Jones ...
That's one ghetto name.
This is an example of coincidence, not irony.
I wonder how much time he spent in the can?
It's me, I am the bud weisser

for some reason this post reminds me of oldschool redddit
I am thinking he may have not had the best parents.
What are the chances.
Never trust someone named after their parents favorite alcohol. My ex-wife cheated on me with a guy named Bud Miller... Such winners.
Probably after an epic selfie, doesnt he know selfies are over played? Kinda like Budweiser beer for that matter...
Get this man a key card!
You can't tresspass destiny.
His criminal career is as watered down as his namesake.
I work for a company that for training showed be Budweiser security protocol...i thought i was in secret server not a brewery the whole time...they got more high tech monitoring equipment then the government..ask away
Quick someone get the i own you hades gif
I bet he was drunk.
This guys should just reach out to Budweiser and work out how he can get them to do advertising for them. I am sure under the right circumstances they'd probably pay him a huge amount of money to be Budweiser's Bud Weisser...
Hr just wanted to know where he comes from
Some extreme ninja-marketing, or whatever the term is.
I wanna  his friend. 
But officer the place was name after me!!!
I dont drink..... the bud wiser ;) 420 BLAZE IT!
Well all life lessons as a child didn't pay off. "You took my seat" "I don't see your name on it" Apparently having his name on it didn't help much as an adult. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnXwGZuyTZI&amp;spfreload=10&amp;t=3m31s
Oddly enough, I'm from St. Louis and went to college with a guy named Bud Weiser. Clicked to see if was the same guy. 
He wasn't arrested,  he was written a ticket.
This just in: Samuel Addams with Stella Artois for trying to break into the Yuengling brewery under a Blue Moon
As someone that's drunk im confused as fuck..
I would have walked in and said "Yo I run this place now" and show them my ID
Wow imagine being the cops who ID'd him...that's the equivalent of Superbad when they ID McLovin 
Bud should have been Weisser than to have trespassed that brewery.
Guy needs rehab. Not more people mocking him for his name.
Same thing happened to the Chinese American, Yueng Ling.
Poor kid... Could you imagine the home life of a child who has parents that would name their -human child- Bud Weisser?
Talk about entitlement. 
if he were brighter he could leverage his name into some advertising dollars
I was watching the news about this then I looked this up on reddit... 
If he didn't trespass he wouldn't be living up to his name.  
This is what would have happened if Justin Bieber didn't have singing ability/money/success.
Holy shit I went to middle school and high school with this kid...
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/001/122/xzibit-happy.jpg
In other news, Afghani immigrant Mr. Behdba Thanbeyund was detained for questioning after trying to enter a closed Target store.  Due to the language barrier, officers were unable to attain his intentions; however, it appeared this was not the store he was originally looking for. 
 greatest name ever
"resisting arrest"  that old gag
Bud you need to get weiser 
I actually know this kid, i was a  teacher at his high school, he is a real winner. 19 and about 2 felonies deep, but hey somebody is Facebook Famous!!!
His hair makes it look like his eyebrows are uneven...
I would like to argue that he had absolutely no autonomy in this and he because of the given factors he could not stop his fate of trespassing. From birth it was preordained he would tresspass at the Budweiser Brewery.
Police officer: 'Sir why are you going into the Budweiser factory without a valid ID. I need your name and address.'

Bud: 'My name is Bud Weisser'

Police officer: 'I need a real name, sir. Budweiser is the name of this company.

Bud: 'But my name really is Bud Weisser

Police officer: 'Since you don't have a valid ID, I have arrest you. Sorry, bud.'
What a bellend
He's like rayiyaiiiin on a wedding day. 
Strange Brew 2
Bud-"bro's, I got the greatest heist of all time."
Wut..
Maybe he should change his name to Al Caholic! 

Dad joke, I know
Reminds me of the day Van Winkle died. RIP Van Winkle.
"I don't drink too much, I know the bud wiser"
If he didn't get caught, they'd be none the Weisser. 
He don't drink too much because he know the bud wiser.
Did they catch his partners? Blackie and Red?
this is fun because right now I'm drinking budweiser. INCEPTION
Years ago I remember seeing a Producer named Bud Weiser in the end credits of an '80s sitcom
I'm not you bud pal
(In the frog voices from the 90s commercial): But. Why. Sir? 
Thought this was an Onion article at first...
Trivia: Bud Wiser--different Bud, I know--was a Supervising Producer of *Who's the Boss?*

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBlnykHTOtI#t=38s.
Isn't it ironic....don't ya think?
I just watched interstellar...maybe it's just me but I think there's more to this story than what's being reported
Should've weissed up, bud...
et2fox
I guess he beat Keith Stone to it. 
No joke there is a guy from my hometown whose name is Budweiser Miller. He always went by Bud because Budweiser is a terrible name his alcoholic parents gave him.
As a resident of this area, I wish we had more criminals like Mr.Weisser. 
I can only imagine the stuff his cousin - Schmitts Gay - has gotten himself into 
Such a meta thing to do. I bet this guy browse reddit. He could possibly be /u/reddit himself.
[No, that's me, I'm Bud Weisser!](http://www.hotflick.net/flicks/2007_Fantastic_Four__Rise_of_the_Silver_Surfer/007FFS_Stan_Lee_001.jpg)
Wtf is up with this guy, lol.
Give this man lifetime free Budweiser's!
I guess Bud wasn't the wiser after all.
Worst name combo I ever saw was when a guy named Justin A Reck. Died in a traffic accident. 

https://www.highbeam.com/doc/1P3-2099721601.html
I love my town
In related news, bud lite has posted bail from an anonymous source.
Introducing Budweiser's poster boy...Bud Weisser. 
Reminds me of Bamboo Flute
I don't drink anymore, I know the bud wiser. 
There's a short documentary on Japanese people living in internet cafes if anyone is interested.

https://vimeo.com/121705174 (turn on subtitles)

Edit: I'm on mobile but it seems like it's from a three part series here: http://mediastorm.com/clients/japans-disposable-workers-for-pulitzer-center
&gt; A fan of the multiplayer first-person shooter game CrossFire, she spent her days playing the game and slept mostly in cafes and bath houses.

TIL that game is apparently worth running away from home so you can play it for ten years.
"Routine check of the internet cafe" was my favorite part.  

"Don't mind us!  Just checkin' for unclaimed corpses."
&gt; Her mother told the Qianjiang Evening News that she had not changed her phone number since Xiao Yun left home, in the hope that she would contact her.

This made me tear up a little.
I'm actually kind of impressed.

She ran away from home at 14 and totally survived.

Most kids would pussy out in less than a day and come crawling back home.
There's a 10 minute documentary called [Japan's Disposable Workers: Net Cafe Refugees](https://vimeo.com/121705174) and and another short one called [Lost in Manboo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3bcQH94wnw) on this note
Why was she fined? 
She stormed off after a fight with her parents at age 14.

This is just going to give teenagers all the validation that they don't need...
/r/me_irl

会玩视频游戏为食

...if Google isn't lying.
Female version of neckbeard,  only more intense. 
The Internet doesn't know you're a dead chinese lady.
TBH managing to make enough of a living to play video games all day from the age of 14 is pretty impressive.

As for Crossfire... it's a fun game but a bit pay2win... and from what I recall it's too easy to vote-kick someone for just being good at the game.
first read this as "Girl found living in Internet" and replied out loud "don't we all, don't we all"
I guess you could say she got... caught up in the *Crossfire*
This confirms my suspicion that when you die, you go to the internet.
Headline should be,  "14 year old's temper tantrum lasts 10 years and costs ¥1000 RMB"
edited to change $ to ¥ and add RMB as suggested, thanks!
I feel a deep, emotional kinship with this woman.
"i will never scold her again" yeah that will teach her. 
10 years of LoL, hmmm my sympathy

10 years of Dota2, Understandable,

10 years of TF2, who doesn't love hats?

10 years of CSGO, Need dat Global Elite

HOWEVER, 10 years of CrossFire? Who da fuck play that shit? All I saw from Youtube is Russian hacker and Chinese P2W.

This could happen to any of us 
[Crossfire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CrossFire_%28video_game%29)
She ran away at 14 and lived at Internet cafes?  That seems like a smart girl to me. To be able to live on your own at 14
How was she able to support herself?
me irl
You'll get caught up in the hope that she would contact her.
Dream big
Oh how apt.
me_irl

I wish
So half her time on the game and half her time on Reddit.
ITT: 90s crossfire nostalgia and feels
[deleted]
Hey Crossfire, I think we found your new spokesperson.
Me_irl 
[They warned us](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCwn1NTK-50), but we didn't listen.  Our hubris has been our downfall.  We are all doomed.
/r/me_irl
So is Crossfire a good game or not?
So cops walk in on a routine check and ask for IDs in an internet cafe? Wtf China....
&gt;The police fined her 1,000 yuan (RM670) and after initial resistance from her, contacted her parents so they could be reunited with their long-lost daughter.

She's an adult now, does she not have the right to kept anonymous?
Crossfire is still a game?
Apologies 1000Y= I didnt know the yuan and the fact that there are only 126,000,000 of them, they don't need...
Do most people change number frequently.
Just buy her a Playstation and all will be fine.
My inspiration for life 
That's pretty cool. Not the route I would take, but I don't know what her situation was. Hopefully her and her parents bury the hatchet. 
&gt;Xiao Yun, who was carrying a fake identity card, was taken to a local police station for questioning where she revealed that she had been living in Internet cafes for the past decade.

How can you even afford that?
Damn crossfire made me do some stupid things but really? Is it possibly anyone knows her rank? Its a long shot.
Internet cafe! No better life! 
IRC. Still going. 
Taiwan numba one!!!
TAIWAN NUMBER 1
That title sounds like me_irl
Its a cultural thing?
In that ten years did she learn TAIWAN NUMBA 1!!!!!
I'm so used to asian gaming cafe stories I read this as "she's been dead for 10 years in a gaming cafe"
According to wiki it is a big country with a lot of the same symbol.
Yes but how much comment karma does she have?
Imagine how long she would have been gone if she had been playing a better fps? She could have made money selling counter strike cases.
But did you wring them out in less than a day and come crawling back home.
/r/me_irl
Will she finally won her silver series and made it to gold i n LoL
#LifeGoals
This has been me since Fallout 4 came out.
Eh, that's not so bad. Most kids here are raised in front of screens and games too.
I have a feeling this phenomenon explains a vast majority of missing children in Asia. 
Why does this happen so often in the Far East?
feeding mid lane presumably 
When I saw the link, I thought the article would be from tanah airku hahaha
I need to find my dad. I'll be checking blockbusters 
Chinese people are ALWAYS found living somewhere they're not supposed to.
When asked why she said "You'll get caught in the Crossfire!"
I never thought I'd see the day that the star newspaper has news worthy of the front page. So proud of my country now. Really reporting the news that matters. /s
I believe it
Bet she still isn't top level in Starcraft.
Crossfire GOTD
Me irl
how do you kill something that doesn't have a life.
Has the internet cafe become the new library? People feel safe enough in there, they stay for hours without being harassed (I am assuming). Feel bad for the girl :(
Hywong must be a Malaysian to pull up a Star news article 

Viral marketing for Crossfire.


Hell, you'd think after 10 years, she'd be pro.
Well I'm glad she's not dead
Me IRL material
Taiwan is #1!! 
The hard part is recognizing a chinese woman in China
Somehow I was expecting to find in the article that she was some 70 year old woman who just disappeared when she discovered the glory of internet cafes. The real version is far less entertaining.
that's dedication to gaming
Why was she fined? What was her crime exactly?
Presumed or assumed? I wonder if the one child policy had anything to do with their presumption.

You call that living?
Now that's going too far with a gaming obsession, that's actually disgusting
/r/me_irl
&gt;"I have a stubborn personality and a short temper, so I used to scold her. But it's been 10 years and now she's an adult. I will never scold her again," she said.

Hearing this made me sad. This hit too close to home.
r/me_irl
There's a 10 minute documentary called [Japan's Disposable Workers: Net Cafe Refugees](https://vimeo.com/121705174) and and another short one called [Lost in Manboo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3bcQH94wnw) on this note
what a cruel selfish piece of fucking shit. 
/r/me_irl
I wonder what impact this has had on her mental maturity. Playing video games that much during some pretty significant growth years would have to stunt her one way or another. I see kids once in a while that play games all day, and they're pretty much zombies that aren't all that comfortable when it comes to the real world.
Daughter: I'M RUNNING AWAY!

Mom: GO AHEAD (psh...she's not gonna run away, she'll never survive without me)

10 years later...

"....I will never scold her again" 
For an x amount every day or hour you can attend the best universities.
r/me_irl
Asked by reporters to comment on the last decade of her life, Xiao Yun replied, "I don't talk to filthy casuals."
Probably the most Onion-y non onion thing I've ever seen
Lived on "handouts."  So that's what they call it there.
/r/meirl 
Why was she fined? What did she do that was illegal?
Well,crossfire was made in 2007 so kinda troll
We discuss this and other top posts of the week on the latest episode of [The Front Page.](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/3ua8p8/the_front_page_reddit_report_for_11272015/)
The chineseiest thing I've read all day.
Otherwise, it's just a sad sad story if you spend 10 years in Internet Cafe's stunts one's ability to mature properly.
Internet cafes: A place of life and death
Fuck the police!  Her family probably just sucked.  If I was her I'd leave again.
That crossfire games looks like it blows.
It may be cheaper than an apartment, but I don't imagine the cost per month is worth it compared to just sharing an apartment with roommates.

I also wonder, they have maybe a backpack worth of belongings, but what about everything they owned before living in the cafe? They had furniture, possessions, a whole life; is it all just gone?
Says: "Scold her"

Means: Beat her brutally and relentlessly... ah, China... you suck
til internet cafes are still a thing.
I guess you could say she got... caught up in the hope that she would contact her.
fake, this cant be real  
edit: oh wait, noob here, but onion are fake news?
If she's been playing a video game for a decade, she probably hasn't grown up. The last growing she *would've* done was learning not to run from her problems, but she and her parents failed at that. The mother even said she's not gonna punish her daughter ever again. That might just be the absolute worst reaction, I mean, she just said–to the whole freaking world–that she thinks it's okay for her daughter to stagnate. It's cool they're reunited and out feels so good, but like that mom said, this girl's an adult. Sure, she worked a bit, but she *mainly* relied on fucking handouts. She don't know responsibility. She don't know consequences. In many ways, she's still the little girl who ran away. I think it's a terrible idea for that mom to even suggest that she'll never scold her daughter again.
How can they force a grown woman to go back to her parents? 
One more turn...
&gt; The police fined her 1,000 yuan (RM670)

Wait, what ?

For what ? Why did they fined her ?

Is playing video games in China a crime ?
This will be me someday.
"I have a stubborn personality and a short temper, so I used to scold her. But it's been 10 years and now she's an adult. I will never scold her again," she said. 

Apparently the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. That kid held a grudge for 10 years and even when they found her she's like, "Nah, that ain't me."

I'm not sure how to feel about this. Maybe the parents were abusive. Maybe the kid was impulsive.

Clearly the kid was smart enough and mature enough to survive on her own, but she didn't get that way on her own. 

I'm glad the parents have found her.
What is the point of an internet cafe of 90% of it is blocked?
living in internet cafe? you mean she is a redditor?
was she playing that 2nd life crap this whole time?
Now to be on topic, if you're going to give teenagers all the validation that they CAN'T happen elsewhere, but they are gaming 24 or more hours straight.
Was she browsing reddit?
Article author's name is Lee Min Kok. Lulz.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say her parents were probably abusive. Most people don't just leave home no contact over a "quarrel." 
They were so Wong about her.
She's probably a prostitute and made up the story
&gt; Presumed dead by her family, she was finally found by police officers on Nov 20 after a routine check on an Internet cafe in the wee hours of the morning.


What kind of shenanigans occurs in Internet cafes that there needs to be *routine checks*? I'm going to the wrong Internet cafes...
League of Legends is a powerful drug
yeh, 's all bollocks.

&gt;She told the police that she had been brought up by her grandparents.

How was it possible the parents didn't know she were at her grandparents for the past 10 years???

very likely it were a scam that the whole family were all in on. Very least, a means of convenience outside the law. 
Chinese people are so weird
her parents should disown her. what a piece of shit. women shouldn't be allowed to play games. 
[deleted]
Its tricky with those people though....if you aren't onevof em they all look really similar
"Because it could trip up teachers..."

They have fucking eyes, they can use them. Bloody hell. 
What an amazing response, one person gets their independence significantly reduced and an unnecessary care aide is hired, costing more money.

On the upside, some kids learn at an early age that the system is embarrassingly broken.

Edit: As ridiculous as the real facts of the story are, the girl is not yet banned from using her cane, it was requested and the other options were suggested as the alternatives. If they force the matter then all of our righteous indignation will be validated. 

As others point out, the cane she is using is long for her body, but for at least 2 reasons, it gives her more of a bubble to "see" what's ahead, and she will quickly grow into it.
Oh cool my city is on the frontpage of reddit!


*looks at article*


Oh ok nevermind
Let me get this straight, she's blind and they don't want her to use the cane because *other people* might not see it?
From the Article:  "A risk assessment by Gary Learmonth from Sensory Support Service – done on behalf of the school – said the cane caused high risk to other people around Lily-Grace, and that she should instead have full adult support "100 per cent" at all times."

Fuck you Gary Learmonth and all the other 'Gary Learmonth's' of the world.  



My school had a blind girl who had a longer than normal cane.  She just left each class early and arrived before the bell rang for her next class and avoided being in crowded halls.  It worked well for her. 

I think some people need to learn that not everything needs to have a solution. Yes people with long sticks in school hallways filled with running childred pose a risk of tripping. Taking away a cane from a blind person is a solution, but in that case saying 'well there's a risk and we'll just have to deal with it' is a better solution.
I was parked at a stop light the other day. There was this very elderly couple crossing the street. Both of them were very clearly blind, both using canes.  

They were both walking with their bodies pressed together and using their canes to move around. Basically, both helping each other find obstacles. What I found entirely adorable was the argument they were having about which direction to go with their body language alone. The old woman was trying to force him towards the cross walk. The old man was trying to force her further from it, closer to traffic. I could see her mouth moving then and finally he stopped pushing on his side and she won the argument about where they should both be walking.  

This isn't very related to the article, but someone might appreciate this post. It was seriously adorable watching an elderly blind couple together.
Hey guys! My mum is a head of service in Bristol that works with visually disadvantaged children in the local area, the girl in this story included, so I thought I should give her two cents on the matter.

The truth is, the school quite simply did not ban the cane at all. The girl has supposedly got some behavioural issues and so the school were worried about her having what could be used as a weapon. In response to this, they called her parents asking to have a meeting about how they could ensure the usage of her cane was safe for everyone at the school. Rather than attend this meeting, the parents decided to tell the press that their daughter had been banned the use of her cane - which is not at all what happened.

As you can imagine, it's a pretty big non-story and is pretty frustrating for all the anger people are directing towards the school, who really don't deserve this kind of response.

I hope people see this comment!
Sadly some are blind to common sense. Health and safety could use a poke in the eye with a cane to clear thier vision.
&gt;she should instead have full adult support "100 per cent" at all times.

This is fucking ridiculous and the repercussions of this decision go way beyond keeping little Timmy from tripping on her stick. Way too many studies have shown that teaching blind children to be self-reliant massively increases the chance of them living a normal life with very little difference from a sighted person. 

Hand-holding and overprotection severely increases the risks of them struggling with coping skills and employment later in life. 

This sort of decision on behalf of the school is a large part of the 
reason why such a large proportion of the blind population are not employed and reliant on care. 

Fuck this school and get this kid out of there to give her a shot at a normal life.
I once turned a corner at an airport (walking fast to make a connecting flight) and tripped over a blind man's cane. It was the long kind and I instantly felt horrible about it as the cane flew out of his hands (I just stumbled a bit)

Me: "Doh! Sorry!!! Let me get that for you..."

Him: "What the hell! Are you blind or somethin?!?"

He said it with the most dead pan serious face and stood there facing forward with his hand out waiting for me to hand him his cane. When I placed it into his hand he grabbed mine (startling me slightly with his speed!) and laughed, "Hah! I'm just messin with you! Happens all the time! &lt;insert evil laughter&gt;"

I laughed an uncomfortable sort of laugh and apologized again. It wasn't until later that I realized how funny it was. I bet he got a huge kick out of my discomfort that day and I'm glad of it.
A whole lot of people in the comments section don't seem to like reading more than half of the article 
The poor girl. You can only imagine how liberating it must be for her to have received the cane for Christmas in the first place, to not have to rely on adults around her to move around and explore new places.

I can't believe someone did a risk analysis and found that it was more important to protect adult, full-vision teachers from potentially tripping/bumping into the cane, than it was to allow the girl to develop the skills she will need to navigate the world. 
I feel so bad for the little girl. I can't imagine what its like being blind that young, when you are still figuring stuff out. Now the school wants do hinder her progress? Horrible. 
&gt;she started using long wrapping paper rolls to help her get around the house after stumbling across them.

Did no one else notice this pun?
Ridiculous. Reminds me of the deaf kid named Hunter, whom the school wanted to change his name.

http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/08/28/13531342-deaf-childs-sign-language-name-looks-too-much-like-gun-parent-says-school-told-him?lite

Doesn't Britain have its own version of the ADA, and wouldn't this be violating at least one of the laws in that.
This is the part I don't understand, if someone comes down the street with one of these, any logical person gets out of the way!
The Health and Safety Executive (the UK government department responsible for this stuff) actually has entire sections of their website, dedicated to telling people how something has either not been banned "because of elf n' safety", or was banned because of another reason, like lack of insurance, or an overzealous official who doesn't want to find a real reason to ban something so they use that as an excuse.

http://www.hse.gov.uk/myth/myth-busting/index.htm

http://www.hse.gov.uk/myth/mythofthemonth.htm
Carol never used her safety cane. Now she doesn't need it.
Someones been watch to much daredevil
*mass email to all teachers*

"Hi teachers. One of our students is blind. She uses a cane to get around. Please be mindful of her when walking the halls etc. Please also educate your class."

Problem solved.
&gt;Instead the risk assessment wants her to use a shortened cane, something her parents say is not suitable because she had become used to her current cane. Hambrook Primary School's headteacher Jo Dent, said they would discuss the situation with Kristy. She added: "The school's mobility officer raised health and safety issues around the new cane following a recent risk assessment.

Let me get this right, the kid has an unusually long cane which could be a safety issue (for herself and others) and the school would like her to use a shorter one, but her parents said no? That's the crux of the issue?

If the parents said yes to the shorter cane, would she still need adult supervision? Or did the head teacher respond to the mother's "No" by saying "well it's either try a shorter cane or we'll have to look into getting adult supervision"?

More info needed




Then she should be allowed a dog!
Oh horseshit. Nobody stopped a blind girl from using her cane. This is just one of the classic outrage stories trash papers love to dramatize in the UK. A week later after everyone has had chance to froth at the mouth and had their turn to say 'you just can't believe it' or 'what has it come to?' you find out that's not exactly what has happened.
Was she hitting people with it? I remember the last time this exact thing happened it turned out the kid had been hitting people with it.
Organization that makes money from providing sensory support services finds that a low-cost option that negates demand for their services is extremely dangerous and should be replaced by their paid services...

I think I found the problem, guys...
Pretty ridiculous, but I can't help but wonder why in 2015 we have freaking autonomous cars and the breadth of all human knowledge in our pockets at all times, we haven't come up with a high tech way for blind people to navigate the world? 
So do they think dare devil is real and blind people will be kicking our asses in 2030 if we don't stop them now?
Good for them, everyone knows that she's really a Zatoichi, and the cane hides her deadly blade.
And she is supposed to get around the building by WHAT means 
read the hse STATEMENT BEFORE YOU LOSE YOUR SHIT
Yep only in Bristol folks. As a bristolian you get used to this bullshit 
The article referred the other students as "pupils." Fucking savage. 
Welp, take the girls walking cane; can she get a seeing eye dog? NOPE! That is too distracting and dangerous around other students. I thought public schools were suppose to give every child the equal opportunity to succeed. I don't like kids, but this is very cruel.
This whole thing sounds really off. It really looks to me like a parent looking for their 15 minutes. I mean did you notice the color coordinated photo shoot? The school never banned her from bringing her cane only from using it in classrooms because as they said it was too big and they asked the family to get her a smaller cane more suited for a school environment, looks like the family just wanted to be difficult and make a scene. The school seems very willing to work with the family and the family just seems entirely not willing to even talk to the school. According to both of these articles the family has yet to go in and actually talk to anyone from the school, seems like they went straight to the media. Idk, for me there is too much about this that's fishy, I wouldn't take it at face value.
They need to ban wheelchairs too for students who need them.  Never know when a teacher's toe might get run over.  Just hire Hodor to carry the child around afterwards. 
Lets replace a hundred dollar stick with a 30,000 a year aid, for the next 7 years of the girl's education.  Not only health and safety gone mad, public finances gone mad.
Blind children that learn to live without the constant assistance from an adult live much more independent and fulfilling lives. What this school is doing is a joke.
&gt;She also has been asked to "walk carefully over all surfaces" especially paving stones and wet drain covers – but without the use of her current cane.

/headdesk
This is the kind of horrible shit you hear about happening decades ago not today.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POwJNsb7g64
Maybe they want to promote the idea of other children offering help?

fucked up anyway.
Out of interest do blind children get guide dogs? I work with a blind person who has never used a cane but has a dog to help him. Seems ridiculous that they can't just teach the other children and staff that actually you need to be aware of others as I'm pretty sure that would help everyone whilst not taking away her independence 
Wtf world
I clicked here expecting to see comments about how she was hitting other children. 

Count me surprised, she really did nothing to lose the cane.
Does the school board provide a full time guide?
Even still that's an imposition on an individual's freedom, so it's the least they could do.
the fuck?
She's definitely an undercover ISIS agent who wants to kill infidels with that cane!
What year is this?!  I think people in the 1930s had more compassion for the blind than this progressive bastion known as the UK.
That risk assessor did not properly assess the risk to his ass from his poor advice. I hope he gets canned.
My mom teaches special Ed and they made her teach a blind kid who eats out of a tube how to make a  pb&amp;j and when she questioned them they said it was a good skill for him that he would he need...
Confused?
This is a school. A blind child needs to learn independence from young age. Not blind children and teachers need to learn to look where they are going, with the sight that they do have.

Anybody else notices how restricting learning something in school is contradicting the basics of what school is?

Restricting the mobility of a blind child so that people with vision could walk around easier is just ridiculous.
When you see her coming, MOVE THE FUCK OVER!
By "the school" we really mean some petty middle-aged woman in a position of minor authority like "mobility officer", right?
Stupidity is alive and well unfortunately 
Sounds like a bunch of Jack asses 
It's a health and safety risk after I beat them to death with said cane for being such dicks.
So, first of all this little girl is awesome for being blind and still doing ballet and shit. fucking badass of the year with that pimp cane. Secondly, is that school serious? like honestly? Lastly, did any1 else fap to the mom?
SHITSTORM COMMENCE!


Gary Learmonth from Sensory Support Service  suggests using a full time support adult guide.  He wrote a paper on independence skills. Independently ask for someone to help you?

http://documents.mx/documents/independence-skills-tuesday-14-th-january-2014-230-310-michelle-beirne-shalice-and-gary-learmonth-sensory-support-service.html
"100% full adult support!"

Do you want someone to carry her around as well? So she doesn't have to do anything for herself? Maybe high enough so that students don't ever have to see a blind person. Fuck me, how dense can you be.
&gt;She added: "The school's mobility officer raised health and safety issues around the new cane following a recent risk assessment.

&gt;"We have to consider all of our pupils, so it is important that we have an opportunity to discuss the situation before we make any decisions.

&gt;"We are very keen to resolve this issue as soon as possible and have been actively seeking to engage with the parent to bring this to an agreeable conclusion.

&gt;"The pupil has not been banned from bringing in their cane, we have simply asked them to not use it around school as a *temporary measure until we have the chance to meet with the parent and discuss the situation.*

&gt;"It was initially hoped that we would have this resolved within a day or two."

School asks girl to use shorter cane or walk around with a helper for 1-2 days until they can meet with parents to discuss.

No evidence presented in the article the parents did or didn't have that meeting.

No evidence presented that the school wouldn't ultimately have agreed with the parents.

The only potentially outrage-inducing paragraph is this:

&gt;A risk assessment by Gary Learmonth from Sensory Support Service – done on behalf of the school – said the cane caused high risk to other people around Lily-Grace, and that she should instead have full adult support "100 per cent" at all times.

The private expert who professionally stamps the longer-than-average cane as a problem. Why were they contracted in the first place? Who knows! Are their concerns reasonable? Who knows! Why would a journalist bother to explain something like that? The story writes itself! No need to ask basic questions involving Who What When Where Why: someone in the government's gone mad!
So they are making everyone wear bandages on the eyes right?
US: Cop Shooting, Russia: Car accidents, UK: Banning thing... 
Let's all get her a guide dog. I bet she'd love that and it is statutory law that guide dogs be allowed into all buildings in the UK so the school would not be able to stop her.
gone mad indeed
This is crazy. My mum went to a boarding school for the blind as a child where literally everyone had canes/dogs. The only serious injury she got while she was there (7 years) was running into a wall and knocking her front teeth out - obviously she didn't have the cane at the time. 
I'd immediately switch schools simple as that
Ridiculous. Grew up with a girl who has some sort of degenerative eye thing (horribly long name for it, can't remember right now) and even though she still has some sight, they taught her braille and how to use a cane starting when we were in preschool. No one ever had a problem with her practicing with the cane, even though it was a bit large and unwieldy.
I just watched all of her videos and they are amazing people. Gives me hope for this world.
Common sense is not so common.
Yet the niqab where you could be a 50 year old hairy man strapped with shit is A-OKay!

Liberal fallacy , absolute muppets the lot of you
How the fuck does this maker her safer?!
Her mother is right to fear that having a person with her at all times could fundamentally change the way she develops and cause her to never achieve a livable level of independence. It's ridiculous to act like her basic needs come after the comfort and convenience of other people at her school. I hope her mother will be able to send her to a different school that is more welcoming.
Whats next? they ban sign language for death people?
So the UK has inane school policy stories as well?  We Americans thought we were the only ones.
Who is that lady who looks like she was added to make the picture edgy
Ridiculous. 
Gary Learmonth needed to prove he actually has a job that does something.  Also anyone that gets tripped by a blind person needs to get there eyes checked.
Good to know the American school system isn't the only one run by blubbering idiots.
Only in the UK. 
The uk is great.
This is nonsense
I think it was a year ago, a blind boy in elementry school had his cane taken away and was given a swimming pool foam stick, seriously fuck that school board whoever did that- the boy couldn't feel his way around with a stupid foam stick.
http://abcnews.go.com/Health/school-takes-blind-boys-cane-punishment-acting/story?id=27702312
She should sue. Then again Idk if the UK has an Americans With Disabilities Act equivalent.
"Gary Learmonth said the cane caused high risk to other people"

I so want to punch that guy -_____-
Not to detract from the story, but was this article written in powerpoint?

You don't need to press enter after every line.

But the is how the article is written.

All broken up.

No coherent paragraphs.

Just single line statements.
The issue isn't the cane itself, but the extra length of the custom design. Give her a cane of regular length for her size.
Lets not forget the blind gym teacher who recently got fired after 29 years of service because a single parent *claimed* they smelled "alcohol" on his breath, but it turned out to be Listerine. 

http://nypost.com/2015/11/15/blind-teacher-loses-job-after-rinsing-his-mouth-with-listerine/
Then they'd better not visit a nursing home, where canes/walking sticks are 5th limbs. Those old people *talk* with them. 
  I find it ironic that from k through university we let our children be miseducated by some of the most clueless, stubborn, self righteous people we have. 
That's disgusting 
How is her cane even that much of an issue? During lessons (which take up most of the day) she's sat down and not using the cane. It's primary school so she likely has all classes with the same teacher in the same room so hallway wandering isn't even an issue. And during break time surely the teachers can just avoid her cane, if she's blind she's not likely to be running around the school yard.
That person from the "outside" company suggesting that she not have a cane and adult supervision 100% of the time is wrong, demeaning, and probably has a money agenda on the back end.  Girl u got 100% support! Change schools.  Fuck those heartless fools.  I will send my thoughts and feelings to the retarded aldults in your life that they get better.  You are the healthy one girl! the people around u are handicapped.   Fight it do not give in.  Take your cane to school if you can't change schools.  Bet you they too chicken shit to take it.
A classic example of a jobsworth hiding behind "health and safety reasons". There are no good reasons (based on health and safety regulations or otherwise) not to allow this child to use a stick in school. Shame on Gary Learmonth. I'm confident he and the school will be hearing from the UK HSE in due course.
&gt;The seven-year-old was given a long fibre-glass walking cane by Common Sense Cane, a charity for blind children earlier this year.

So an organization for the blind provided her with a cane that is suitable for the environments she faces every day as a blind child.

&gt;The school's mobility officer raised health and safety issues around the new cane following a recent risk assessment.

&gt;the risk assessment wants her to use a shortened cane

Oh, I see. So, the mobility officer is concerned that the children able to see will trip over a 3' cane (which is a long cane for a child). I'd wager what happened is the mobility officer wasn't paying attention and tripped on the cane. Instead of apologizing, the mobility officer has gone full pride mode.
Sigh. Get the pitchforks. 
I remember when I was a teenager at high school there was a blind kid who almost every day would come racing out of any particular classroom at any particular time. I would then literally go flying as the stick was always the first thing out the door. I thought hey this guy has it hard enough being blind I don't think I will say anything. Within a week or 2 I had incorporated watching for that deadly trippin stick into my daily routine and it became a non issue. Why cannot people do this now???!
Oh and by the way, many years later I saw this blind jazz and rock vocalist who was up and coming. Every time I saw this guy he looked familiar. It took me a while but the blind teen who kept tripping me up was none other than Jeff Healey the singer!!
Not kidding, this was during the 70's in Etobicoke, Ontario at a high school called Silverthorne Collegiate.
Main point though is that back then we adapted, now everyone is all about me! Now and "me" need to grow a set!!
This sub is supposed to be funny, but this is actually just extremely aggravating (not mad at OP, just the school). Bureaucracy comes up with some really dumb answers to things sometimes...
I read the article; and it seemed that the school initially didn't actually want her to stop using her cane, but to use a shorter cane, since her current one is longer than usual for her age.  She refused on the grounds that she was used to her current cane and it would take time to get used to a new one; the school then suggested that she could get around in the meantime with some support from someone who could see while she adjusted.

While it does seem like an invasion of her rights to use whatever kind of cane she wants, it is far from being as extreme as the title suggests.

For the lazy, here's the quote from the article.

"The risk assessment said Lily-Grace should have full adult support at all times, and that she should use the hand rails to get about.

She also has been asked to "walk carefully over all surfaces" especially paving stones and wet drain covers – but without the use of her current cane.

Instead the risk assessment wants her to use a shortened cane, something her parents say is not suitable because she had become used to her current cane."


Just an FYI i've investigated this story before. Apparently this girl has a habit of beating other students with her cane. So the "banning" is literally just removing the weapon from this ornery child's hands. You can debate whether or not this is an indignant human right for a blind person to have a cane, but we take those away pretty frequently for someone misbehaving in the way this girl has. 
Health and safety in th UK is crazy.
If glass is broken on the floor at work you have to call trained person to clean it, but if you break a glass at home who is gonna clean that for you, fire brigade? 

This makes me livid. They should bring this to the National Federation of the Blind. It's an organization of strong, determined blind people who fight for blind rights, lobby to pass laws for the blind and sue companies that discriminate against the blind. This is truly horrific for the future of this girl who needs to learn to be independent NOW. Sighted guides do not allow for complete independence and this should not be tolerated. 
That is crazy
"Shortly before Christmas last year, she started using long wrapping paper rolls to help her get around the house after stumbling across them."
blind leading the blind HAHAA LITERALLI
Maybe the UK would be better off if every single person there over the age of about thirty just laid down and waited for death. It's clearly far too risky for them to take matters into their own hands.
On behalf of US Americans, We apologize that our zero tolerance stupidity is contagious.
That's actually the opposite of health and safety. She might run into stuff and hurt herself. 
OK, ban bags from school too. The amount of times I fell over them fuckers is ridiculous. Are all the other kids blind as well? JUST WATCH WHERE YOU'RE GOING AROUND HER. There, I saved them a fortune of having to hire someone to stay with her. The kids ain't fuckin stupid.
The UK health and safety executive have "Mythbusting" panel which looks into cases where health and safety is given as an excuse http://www.hse.gov.uk/myth/. The person concerned can submit this for review. All of their old cases are viewable and some are great for example 

Case 378 - A pub would not use all the candles supplied on a birthday cake for ‘health and safety’ reasons

And their response ... 

Panel opinion

What a party pooper! There are no health and safety reasons why the correct number of candles cannot be put on a birthday cake. Perhaps the cake wasn't big enough or they didn't have enough candles but using the old ‘elf n safety’ excuse has probably ensured no further happy returns to this particular establishment.

Everyone must fear the weaponized blind!!
I believe the whole Disabilities Act will have something to say about this. 
This is fucking absurd.
stories like this, it almost always is because the kid has a history of being disruptive, but that gets ignored for sensationalism.
Is this laziness? Teachers not wanting to educate kids on why she needs the stick or trying to make everything as simple as possible therefore if no one else has a walking stick than she cant either? I don't understand this kind of stupidity.
It's so daft. I remember when I was at secondary school, my maths teacher had dwarfism. She asked if she would be allowed to have a small raised platform or ramp in front of her whiteboard as even standing on tiptoe and stretching as much as she could, she couldn't even reach halfway up the board and she always had to have a student writing on the board for her. It was denied on health and safety grounds - they were worried students would *skateboard* on it. 

All she wanted was a small platform so she could actually write on the board without embarrassment. 
Heh they called the other students "pupils."
I live near this school (approx 2 miles) and I'm appalled that this is the outcome of maybe a few accidentally trip overs. Most of the schools in this area really seem to me like the type that would let her use her cane and ALSO give her a 'buddy' or somebody to escort her from class to class. I understand primary aged children maybe don't understand fully but the teachers have eyes and they should be aware when a little blind girl is in their vicinity because they're supposed to... you know.... be supervising the children. What's this girl supposed to do, feel her way around the school with her hands? 
I would like to see the numbers the health and safety guys has, on incidents of blind children with walking sticks, causing injuries at school. Total garbage; poor girl.
Update: http://www.bristolpost.co.uk/Regulator-rubbishes-health-safety-claims-denied/story-28193039-detail/story.html 
you know, id understand if the girl was waving the damn thing like she was the last highlander, but its a fucking stick she uses to see.

maybe you dont take that away, school.
But couldn't she trip on something if she doesn't use it?
Oh good, it isn't just America.
I would laugh at the Brits and their 1984 World, but then I remember 5 year old kids here get expelled for making a imaginary gun with their fingers. 
There's a girl at my kids' elementary who is blind, and it's actually great for my kids to have to learn how to behave around someone who can't see. They have to learn to maneuver around her instead of expecting her to walk around them, announce their presence when they pass her, things like that. It sounds like these teachers could have used some more exposure to blind people as kids.
I came to this reddit to post this hah.  I see it's already posted.
Reading articles like this infuriates you as if the world has lost all common sense.

But then you realize you live in a world full of morons and assholes. Someone would eventually have used some mishap to launch a lawsuit expecting a payday.
That cane is massive though. Don't they do a  children's sized cane?
&gt;"The pupil has not been banned from bringing in their cane, we have simply asked them to not use it around school as a temporary measure until we have the chance to meet with the parent and discuss the situation.

&gt;It was initially hoped that we would have this resolved within a day or two."

...but then the knee-jerk numpties in the press got involved.

I think the first comment there suggesting it's just a way of justifying funding for an extra teaching assistant from the local authority is probably right.
This girl will never know what it's like to see. Who would have the nerve to even bother making a complaint that her cane is too long. To them I say: your EYES are TOO discerning.
If someone gets tripped or hit by a little 7 year old girls' walking cane, they deserve to be hit with it. 

It's teaching the pupils and teachers to be mindful of walking canes in the rest of their life. 

Fucking stupid. 
"X gone mad" is such a british thing.  It's normally "Political correctness gone mad" for them.
Little Girl needs her independence. Ya'll can teach her how to put her cane up, or even find a place to store it when she's not using it. Ya'll can get one of those fold up canes she can put in her desk. But ya'll aren't taking her cane away.
I'm surprised this is happening in the UK. This shit would be illegal in the US - we have laws that say you can't fuck with the accommodations of the handicapped. Other arrangements could be made, like letting her leave class a minute early to avoid traffic in the hallways. But taking away her source of independence is fucked up. 
This can be construed as Disability discrimination under the Equality Act of 2012. This girl needs a solicitor
Somebody needs a smack upside their noggin.

WTF 
Idiots. A risk assessment is about managing and reducing risk, you'll never be able to eliminate all risk, all of the time. You can't just tell a child not to use an aid which helps them with their disability. Even reducing the cane length invites a risk to the girl because she can't sense as much with a shorter cane - they just increase the risk to her at the expense of other people.
All the able sighted can see enough to avoid the cane. This country is so shit sometimes
Next week, banning Asama pumps during physical education, they could potentially choke on them!
I get why the school would want her to use a shorter cane, but I think it's a bit short sighted.
Have contacted my local MP Karin Smyth. Let's hope something gets done.
She should be careful with that thing... She could have her eye out. 

Terrible joke... I deserve the down votes. 
Yeah.... you know this has no grounds in any Health and Safety legislation at all right?

This yet another 'We'll just blame health and safety' case. 
Should read...mother furious because school offers extra help.

Not a lot of reason being applied here. Have you been to an elementary school? I'm guessing many of you have. It's chaotic with kids running around and not paying attention. 

This story could also read.

(School refuses to keep kids safe for fear of political correctness. SJW's on patrol, stalking the halls to ensure reason isn't used).

Its not like they're shoving her to the floor and laughing. Someone is provided to help her.
Why not ban fat people from using wheel chairs and claiming disabilities instead?
There is no end to liberal thoughts
Might be a disciplinary issue on the little girls part, just because she's blind doesn't mean she can't have behavioral problems. It's very possible that she's used her cane to strike or trip another student deliberately. This us just a possibility, it could be wrong, but the lack of information from the schools side of things makes me suspicious, they only get one paragraph at the very end of the article.

&gt;The pupil has not been banned from bringing in their cane, we have simply asked them to not use it around school as a temporary measure until we have the chance to meet with the parent and discuss the situation.

The school isn't even necessarily going to ban her from using the long cane, their claim is that they wanted to have a discussion with the girl's mother before they make a decision. To me, this also sounds like, "we were going to have a disciplinary meeting with mom but don't want to mention that her daughter has been misbehaving to the media". It's possible that mom went straight to the media rather than trying to work it out with the school first. I'd say take the whole thing with a grain of salt.
From way way down the story

&gt; "The pupil has not been banned from bringing in their cane, we have simply asked them to not use it around school as a temporary measure, until we have the chance to meet with the parent and discuss the situation.

My guess would be that the local sensory support came did an assessment of her cane skills and recommended that she did some proper cane training skills and until that had someone with her at all times.  Using a long cane properly does need proper training and it doesn't sound as if she had received it. 

That wouldn't be a very exciting story though. 
Christ, reading this makes me livid. My brother relies heavily on his cane, it's an essential part of getting around. The fact is there's blind people in the world, a good handful of them, and most of them use canes or knee height animals to get around. They're worried about folks tripping over the cane, but this is a real world problem. You will meet people with canes. You need to learn to not trip over them.


For fucks sake, it's even better if you get the classmates used to it while they're young, make it a normal thing. Some people use canes, enough said. I agree with the mom, putting her with an aid will wreck her social life. As great as my brother's aid was in elementary school (she's also a super nice lady, props to her), it does make the child feel extra different and in some ways unapproachable. 
Milf
&gt; The seven-year-old was given a long fibre-glass walking cane by Common Sense Cane, a charity for blind children earlier this year.

According to a statement by the Superintendent "Public school leadership around the globe have been fighting common sense over the past few decades. As you know, the safety of our students is our number 1 concern, and we wanted to let everyone know that common sense has NO PLACE in the public school system. Common sense would have you believe that blind kids should have walking canes. However, we feel that common sense is wrong, and immoral. The student should be provided with a full time caretaker, as the school system should be a place where kids learn to be dependent upon government services, instead of relying on common sense and learning to live with whatever disadvantages they have. 

In Summary--Common sense has NO PLACE in our schools. Thank you, god bless. And remember--Evolution never happened."

She's being asked to use a shorter cane, not stop using any cane ever. That's pretty different from the click bait heading above. 

I taught kindergarten with a blind student. Imagine a cane, 30 kids aged 4 - 6 and a room the size of the average classroom: a cane becomes a nightmare in the class for the blind student as well as the other kids.
TL;DR

Blind kid uses a longer-than-usual cane to walk around, school administrators ask that she uses a more typical sized cane to avoid tripping people in the halls. Mother sees potential lawsuit money and immediately goes after school claiming they banned her daughter from using a cane 
Its fucked up to think someone actually brought this up in the first place. "We need to have a meeting. That blind girl is going to trip somebody one of these days. We should get rid of that cane." 

FUCK YOU. 

Excuse my language. 
Yeah but its only fair. If I can't have a cane then no one can.
Tomorrow, they'll take away the wheelchair away from the paraplegic child. 
If health and safety had it's way, everything will be covered in 10 layers of bubble wrap.
What they don't mention in the article is that, although this girl looks sweet and innocent, she used the cane to attack other students on several occasions.  One girl was hospitalized for several days. The matters are still before court, so I guess they didn't want anyone commenting.    
Source: professional hamster wrangler.      
^(Yes I just made this up, how can they justify taking the girl's cane away)
they should let her walk around without the cane. watch her bump into everyone, run into walls and be constantly late. they'd have no choice but to give her cane back.
Despicable
what happened 
years ago are kids could go and climb a tree without being told they shouldn't do it

I'm convinced that people poison animals to get the LOL pics and videos.
I new a blind professor that used a similar cane but I never thought of it as a problem, what's wrong with these people.
Official response from HSE (Health and Safety Executive): press.hse.gov.uk/2015/lets-hope-common-sense-prevails-says-hse/
This is absurd but after watching a group psycho parents and general idiots rip apart a family who posted a video of their bind child walking in front of them, using a cane, I am not surprised by this in the slightest. People seemed to be under the impression that the child should be carried everywhere and kept out of everyone else's way as opposed to learning to be self sufficient. No. Learning to walk somewhere on your own was "cruel", "abusive" and made them "horrible human beings". They are 100 times better than these people who seem to be hell bent on putting anyone with a disability out of public sight again.
Fuck it, Get her a dog. how about an American Staffordshire Terrier. Maybe a Great Dane.  
Why are school's so fucking stupid these days?
I love how humans can de-evolve so easily
&gt;She added: "I am absolutely livid. What about the health and safety of my girl? 

Came here to say this.
Here is some information on white canes. https://nfb.org/images/nfb/publications/fr/fr27/2/fr270213.htm
She needs to learn how to navigate the world for herself. If she doesn't because she is forced to have a "helper" then she will become dependent on that person. Radiolab did a story on the blind man that teaches other blind people to move around entirely unassisted. Echolocation. Google
I have a little sister who's blind.  When we were in elementary school she had a long cane for a week and had to move to a short cane.  The long cane was a problem (in 1973 Texas, NOT the nanny state of UK) because she hadn't learned how to frontsweep.  She was a long sidesweeper and this girl is too.  If there was a rush out a door, (not that there should be but there could conceivably be) she would take out three dozen 8 year olds with her cane.  This can happen at ANY time in normal circumstances.  Sooo...

What COULD be happening here is she got a long cane for free... now she's asking to use a short cane, which she can't pay for because she got her free cane.  Mum throws a fit because this hans't come up before.  You can't just CUT the cane.  The whole reason you don't use just a PVC pipe is that with a cane you have "feel" related to how the tip reacts.  At least that's how my sister's cane works.

So.... let's not be reactionary.  The situation is more complicated than the article is willing to outright say because of clicks...
This thread would be full of smug, possibly racist comments if this were to happen in a non-white country. But because Brits tend to be white, this is just the fault of these people and not a reflection on British or white people on the whole
It kind of sounds like the parents have taken a DIY approach to getting her the cane and teaching her how to use it. I never thought I'd be defending the US school system, but here, public schools are required to provide accommodation and therapy to any kid with a diagnosed disability. This little girl needs to be fitted for the right kind of cane and given training on how to use it--among other occupational therapies she'll need to adapt as she grows. Her parents would have to advocate to get those here, but it sounds like that's not the process in the UK. Is that true?

Like in all these health and safety horror stories its not the act at fault, its the idiots interpreting them.

Source : I work in HR, i'm surrounded by dunces doing things like this every day. Its a daily battle 
Oh excellent. We Brits love a bit of nonsense like this to get our teeth into.
"But her furious mother, Kristy, is worried her daughter will become **to** dependent on having someone show her around"

Great job Bristol Post. 


Man if this was the US, lawyers would be lining up for that sweet pro bono A.D.A. lawsuit.
British schools are run by a bunch of fucking fannies that should not be infecting the next generation with their bullshit. Every week there's a story like this. Excluded for too short a haircut. Or shoes not black enough. Or making gun shape with hand and saying 'bang'. 
I could understand for maybe one person in the school being dumb enough to suggest such an idiocy, but I'd expect everyone else to facepalm and tell them to shut up.
I cant understand everybody in this thread left-wing bashing and not looking at the situation logically at all. 

The school is run by management, who are not teachers, that are deliberately placed in schools at the moment by the government, who are right wing, to implement their policies, right wing policies at that. 

The person who has given the advice works for a capitalist company who's interest is getting the girl to use their very expensive service rather than the cheap cane option.

On top of that, the school HAS NOT said she cannot use a cane. If you really want to be pedantic, yes they have said she cannot use her lengthened cane ATM, but to complain that 'she's now got use to it' is against the argument that the mother would like her to become as independent as possible! There is change in life and at some point she may well have to use a different cane, it's just another learning experience. 

It's as if people's cognitive and problem solving skills on the internet is non existent...or something.
You can contact the school at http://www.hambrook-pri.s-gloucs.sch.uk/website/contact/65925
Why does everyone seem to think schools have actual power? Fucking ignore the "rule" and bring in the cane.
Here it comes. These SJWs are showing their true intent. Truly disabled children/adults are going to be shamed by the people pretending to be disabled.  

I only hope to "god" they don't ban insulin injections in public, sorry but i'm not sorry that I am doing something that offends you, which coincidentally allows me to live another few hours.
I thought most of those skeletons are real? 





I've been dealing with a few in class and my instructor said they're from India mostly. Always voluntary donation, exept when you get it from China. 
Any idea how skeletons feel? They're smooth.
Sounds like they were discontinuing use of the skeleton for a newer one anyway, so I don't have a problem with this. 

If I donated my body this way, I'd rather be buried at the end of my bones' useful life than just thrown in the trash.
&gt; The skeleton... had been at Haydock High School for half a century 50 years

Glad they cleared that up.
I think this is a pretty neat thing - he continued to be very useful for another 50 years after his death. 
In elementary school, I was once tasked with fetching a map from the storage room, and I was pretty scared when I saw a skeleton hanging there that was clearly not made out of plastic but real, yellowing bone. It was perhaps the first time in my life I saw an actual dead human. But I think that was simply the norm until the mid-to-late 20th century, and there was nothing really wrong with that. Still nice that when they got a modern plastic one, they decided to bury the old skeleton. The skeleton won't care, but I think doing something like that can benefit those doing it.
When I was in middle school, our science teacher had a real skeleton in the classroom.  He said it was from a poor person in India.  He thumped the pelvis where it was thinnest with his finger, and it almost broke through.  He said that was because the person it came from probably had malnutrition.

**tl;dr**  Getting real human skeletons from poor people in India was not a secret a few decades ago.
I would love to be a fly on the wall and listen to the school kids joke about this for months. The chances that any single one of them is taking this seriously is about 0%.
&gt;Tests determined that the remains belonged to an small Asian man aged between 25 and 30 with a curvature of the spine.

&gt;It is thought that Arthur was brought over in the skeleton trade from India to England decades ago.

[I'm guessing that he didn't donate his body to science.  Probably grave robbers](http://www.wired.com/2007/11/ff-bones/)
Doot doot sweet prince 
Don't people volunteer to donate their bodies to science? I bet this guy never wanted to end up under groud. Hell I've threatened to haunt my family for generations if I'm placed under ground. 
Alice in Chains already knew this. 
Never thought I'd see Haydock on here. But I knew that if I did, it'd be on /r/nottheonion 
How do you not notice the difference between plastic and bone.
Phrasing question: do Brits use "laid on" to generally describe holding/putting on an event, or only for funerals?  In context, it sounds a bit like a pun. 

That's so heartwarming to read. What else could you do?  
I can't be the only one who finds this kinda sweet.
Clearly the work of Sakurako-san...
Well that's just fucking delightful. Like something from a Wes Anderson movie.
Did none of the teachers ever saw a real or fake skeleton before. The difference is very VERY obvious between the two.
Considering Arthur's probably in the classroom because he donated his body to science and education, I can imagine a funeral was the exact opposite of his dying wish. But it is a very sweet gesture from the students.
Okay, we get it. It's a poorly written article, even though most of you are only reading the reddit title.

1. It's an English local news site
1. It's from Liverpool

Don't expect Pulitzer material here.
Those kids look like middle schoolers 
Arrgh. I had to read that "four nine year students" sentence about 12 times. I'm obviously American. ...they're talking about ninth-graders? No?
Tin tellins on reddit, who've thunk it.
We had one of ghost in high school, except he had a bullet hole in his skull.
Um lots of skeletons in class are real. Is that not well known?
"The skeleton, which is missing both arms and a leg, had been at Haydock High School for half a century 50 years before stunned staff realised his bones were real."

For god sake people how does the staff not know it's real?
Most god damn lab skeletons are real.
As it turned out he donated his body to science, not art
My middle school and high school had real skeletons. They were yellowing and rather peculiar. The thing that stood out the most to me about those skeletons was the teeth. The crooked, sometimes buck teeth made the skeletons stand out from plastic skeletons.
When I die, I'm going to be turned into a diamond, and then into a necklace, so my future child can give it to their loved ones and say "that used to be my father. The reptilians got to him, sadly." right after they put me on.
Scientists get a skeleton, and they study it and use it as a reference.

Artists get a skeleton and they bury it.

Sounds about right.
Sounds like something straight out of Bones
Spooky scary skeletons
Kids will do anything to get out of class. 
Ummm... What is wrong with them? Is this satire? We had real skeletons donated from medicine academy in art school as well.
Wait until they find out *all* their bones are real
Why the fuck is stupid shit like this on my front page? How do I stop this?
Discovering it was real?  
How do you have an entire school full of kids and staff and none of them notice that it's a real skeleton?  
This kind of thing isn't even unusual, human skeletons have been used in science classes for hundreds of years. Giving it a funeral is more than a little weird though.  
It also makes sense that there's rules they have to follow to dispose of a skeleton. They can't just throw it in the trash. If the trashman finds a human skeleton in the garbage that can traumatise him and cause a massive police investigation. 
One of the kids I tutor told me his school as the skeleton of a 13 year old girl.  I also work at a college, and we have a couple disarticulated skeletons for the anatomy students, but they are adult skeletons.  The idea of a 13 year old girl's skeleton in a classroom full of 13 year old kids is kind of creepy to me though.
They gave a Hindu man a christian burial. How Christian-Like. Completely ignore facts and just do whatever they want.
Pisses me off that he was likely Hindu and they still gave him Christian burial. Not actually honoring his memory, you're tarnishing it.
How did they not realise he was real? In my high school we had both plastic and real skeletons and they were very different. We didn't bury any of them.
Anyone else think of death in paradise?
Spoopy
The photo and story are giving Wes Anderson a boner.
We had a real skeleton in my high school. What's the big deal.  
My highschool biology class had a old Chinese man skeleton... probably still there
Must say I never expected to see Haydock and my home village Rainford on the frontpage of Reddit.
This is so adorable.
This is the premise to a B horror movie, right?
Roommate took anatomy class, we ended up having a human femur on our kitchen table for a month. Conversation starter.
They do realize the only ones that benefit from a funeral is loved ones right? Why would you bury it
I bet he was a political prisoner.
Probably a railroad worker whose remains were supposed to go back to his homeland. 

They only gave the funeral because they were legally required to, and did so for as cheaply as possible. If they could have used a cardboard box without people complaining, they would have. 
So the school had to dispose of the bones legally by providing a proper burial.  
The title lead me to believe that they buried him because they found out the bones were real and didn't know skeletons used to be real people.
Oh, and by the way, half a century is 50 years.
I only read this because it's in the town I live at.. nothing interesting happens here ;-;
I want to be a lab skeleton some day!
Expected pics of Arthur. I'm disappointed
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLFKnFa3K7U)
Rest in Peace Arthur

Over 50 years ago-2015

For science
I never knew that wicker coffins were a thing, probably the cheapest coffin they had really. I hope they at least got him a nice suit.
"Discovering", like lab skeletons are rarely real.
WOW! People of St Helens... We did it! We made it to the front page!!!

Class of '70. Hell, ALL schools had one back then. Glass panelled oak cabinet with a hangar that slid out for examination. Said his name was John, I think...
I would really care and dress up if it meant getting out of school, even for a half day. 

I would seek therapy too for post traumatic stress of being exposed to this dead body skeleton. 
Silly...just silly!
&gt; It is thought that Arthur was brought over in the **skeleton trade** from India to England decades ago.

...I'm sorry, what?
I'm from St. Helens. It doesn't surprise me at all that no one realised the bones were real, the locals typically aren't the brightest bunch. 
Thanks Mr. Skeltal DOOT DOOT
&gt; The school laid on a funeral for Arthur after discovering that they could not dispose of the skeleton legally without a proper burial.

Oh...well...that's not a proper burial if it came from a discussion of whether or not they could just dump the bones somewhere...wtf. 
One of the skeletons at MCAD in minneapolis is an old nude model that worked there. Upon her death her will stated that she wanted to be a skeleton on display because she wants to always be drawn and be a model for eternity. 

I thought it was cool. Cant remember her name. But she was apparently an incredibly good standing model. 
Something had changed over summer. No one used to notice Arthur when he was merely a janitor.
We are gathered here today to thank mr skeltal
That'll be me one day.  I have donated my organs and my cadavar... hell I not need it after I die
Man, I hope if I die I will be turned into a school skeleton. Beats my current job easily.
"The school laid on a funeral for Arthur after discovering that they could not dispose of the skeleton legally without a proper burial."

So that explains that then.
They should have kept the skull for performing Hamlet though...
Pussies. 
The alternative to this was a serial killer who sold skeletons of the circumstances whatsoever.
y
Planting the dead?  How odd.
but but but it's Mr. Skeltal!
My father bought a real human skeleton that had been given to a pub, so it was like it was actually an amazing experience. god damn My grandmother donated her body.
Man, I'd hate to donate my body to science, skeleton and all, just to have it buried. If I turned out to be a ghost, I'd haunt the hell out of my buriers! 
The one we had in science class in high school was real and from India. Whenever I got near her, I mentally acknowledged her as a person.
why are they so sad lol? and why is a small Asian guy from over 50 years ago named Arthur? wtf?
So sometime someone had the job of chopping the meat off the bones and stringing together skeletons? Sounds like a gruesome way to pay the bills.
doot doot
Thanks Arthur
When my hometown makes the news it's never for anything standard.
The most interesting part of this for me was learning about the existence of wicker caskets.
that's adorable.
Awww...that was very nice. 
He wanted off mr.bones wild ride and now he got his wish
Looks like it was spooked to death
We had a real skeleton in our classroom. Teach said it was from someone who donated their body to science. 
Some school. Not a single person there -- student, staff, or faculty -- could tell that some real bones were real. For half a century.
Back when the Panama Canal was being dug, we used a lot of Irish labour. I want to say it was during the French expedition but it may have been in the American one. They fell by the hundreds to mosquito fevers and heat exhaustion, at which point we would put them in brandy barrels and ship them back to England to sell to med schools for this. There's a really neat cemetery if you ever go to the Caribbean exit in Cólon. 
I personally witnessed a human skeleton fall from a ceiling mount into a pile of human dust as a result of a misbehaved child sent to the corner where said skeleton hung. It fell because the 8th grader was pulling at a support wire which made the skeleton appear to talk. Until it didn't. 
"I did not donate my body to education and science just to be buried in the ground!!" -Arthur the Skeleton 
Tin tellins on reddit, who've thunk it.
There'll be a minute's silence at Anfield then. 
My school has a real skeleton form the 50s when nobody really cared about displaying human remains. We still use it and we passed the femur around during health class so that everyone could see what a femur looks like 
Am I the only idiot that thought it was a labrador skeleton at first.
No fucking shit.  Am I the only one who assumed most skeletons were real?
This sounds like the beginning of a Supernatural episode
Dumb.
Crazy to think how your bones could end up in some anatomy class with a bunch of kids who no undoubtedly took a shitload of selfies in funny poses with you. 
"The skeleton, which is missing both arms and a leg, had been at Haydock High School for half a century 50 years before stunned staff realised his bones were real."

For god sake people how does the staff not know it's real?
Most god damn lab skeletons are real.
Splib
When I was in elementary school, there was a real skeleton dangling from the ceiling in our science room. We used a plastic skeleton for demonstrations. I never questioned it, but looking back that was really fucking strange. 
What a bunch of idiots, he donated his body to science and they stuff him in the ground?
Mary Roach is amazing
I went to haydock high in St Helens, that keleton was there for years! They suspected it was real when I was 15 (21 now) they have taken their time!

That skeleton has seen some shit.
The article seems to imply that they already knew it was human. 
*shudder* I can't imagine how horrifying that must have been to find out.
Why are all these school employees so well spo--ah. I see. British.
Thank
2spooky4me
Pointless waste of public funds.

Should have just got a more complete human skeleton. If the old one wasn't of any use, find some other educational use for it.
It's really weird how protective we are over human remains. In a perfect world, we would all be donated to science when we die. 
Not the first skeleton in the closet of the British public school system.
So what if the guy wanted his bones to be used for an educational purpose. What if in his later years that's all he had to look forward to. And now they are just gonna smash his shot at immortality....FREE ARTHUR
Can't wait for the cnn headline:  ISIS Leader Whacked.

Edit:  Also can't wait for national security meetings to be moved from the Pentagon to the back room of some sleazy Long Island strip club.
Perhaps, though how much will the government have to raise taxes in order to get the protection money?
*That's a nice city you've got there.  It would be a shame if anything were to.. happen to it.  And we just so happen to be in the business of insuring against such... unfortunate events.*

I'm sure they'd prove how effective they were by getting a video confession from a new "terrorist" each week.
This is a truth is stranger than fiction moment for me. I've always said that the Mafia could improve their PR by engaging in public service vigilantism.
well yeah. They're brutal and violent and they have eyes and ears everywhere. It's like fighting fire with fire.

But is this something we want?
"Mafia son says something arrogant because he's in the mafia."
That's like saying: "This cancer protects you from heart disease."
Why that thumbnail look like a Fallout 4 NPC
Police can protect ny from terrorists better than mobsters, police son says
As I said when this was posted in r/nyc:

How can I possibly take someone seriously who wears a hat on an indoor TV interview and is wearing a black suit? He is wearing the Sicilian equivalent of a cheap fedora and talking about how his dad can beat people up. We are only a few slices of old pizza and magic cards short of a basement dwelling loser here, folks.
The title really says it all... like, how can you possibly expect a fair an unbiased opinion from the son of a mobster on this topic. Makes about as much sense as something like: 

"Potato farmer discovers that eating potatoes every day reduces the rate of all cancers". 

You aren't an expert on the subject and you are not neutral on the subject. 
Well yeah, get rid of all the rules and regulations I'm required to follow and I'm sure I'd be more efficient at any task...
Italian Mafia can barely keep their shit together from the local street gangs these days, what are they going to do against the international criminal organization du jour ISIS.. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collaborations_between_the_United_States_government_and_Italian_Mafia
This sounds like a shitty episode of 'The Deadliest Warrior'. 

My daddy is soo powerful, seriously!
This either already is, or should be, a Steven Seagal movie. A chef caught in a turf war and working with the Mafia after the terrorists blow up his restaurant and kidnap his family.
When did it become ok for members of the mob to discuss the actual existence of the mob?
Reminds me of the Monty Python Piranha Brothers sketch... "Fires happen, Colonel."
Franks can protect Gaul from Germans better than Roman Legions, Frankish prince says.
Wait a second, this guy is a known leader of illegal syndicate making public statements about his involvement. How the hell is he walking around free? Something is definitely wrong, our judicial system, or this guy is just trying to put his name out there by making popular statements. 
Yeah, because they did such a great job that time they tried to assassinate Fidel Castro.  *::atomic eyeroll::*
Possibly because the mob can ignore your constitutional rights to your face. The fed has to be somewhat sneaky about it.
By harassing random Muslims? Great. 
This is like asking Putin to watch your beach house.  
Just an attempt at gaining some sympathizers. Great job protecting NY from 9/11... The Mafia cannot stop or even put a dent in terrorism, that is fact.
&gt;Gambino — the son of reputed former crime family boss John Gambino, who ***reportedly*** ran a South Jersey faction of the syndicate 

lol
We make sure our friends and families are protected from extremists and terrorists, especially the brutal, psychopathic organization that calls itself the Islamic State," the Sicilian-born Gambino said... lol, irony.
Being an everpresent lesser evil is an effective strategy.
I think the terrorists are a bunch of pickle smoochers, smoochin pickles all the time
and theyre probably better at terrorizing a community than terrorists as well. 
So, the Mafia is saying we need "protection," eh? 
If we could only improve their civil rights record by a bit. 
In exchange for the feds turning a blind eye to extortion, drug and weapons smuggling, human trafficking, and those shitty gold chains they wear. Mama mia!
Well, they can racially profile, for starters...
Heya, chief.  That's a mighty fine caliphate you've got there.  It would be a shame if something were to happen to it.
I can guess their policy:

"If you are below this color of tan , GET THE FUCKA OUTTTA HEEEREEE"
Im the only one seeing the irony here when mafia talks about terrorism in a negative way?
It's amazing what can be done if you don't have to follow any rules.
Well, they would certainly "do more", but there would be a lot of collateral damage:  

"Hey, Tony!  What da fuck?  Why'd you shoot that guy?"

"He was wearing a vest, Rocco...A VEST!"

"You just took out Marty McFly, you sack of shit!"

"Oops!"
so, one group of what are essentially terrorists claim they can protect you from an other group of terrorists...why did anybody give this guy the time of day?
1. The italian mafia is weak in NY these days, they do not run neighbourhoods any more.
2. What power can they possibly have over people that do not care about reprisals or death?
3. Real mobsters know better than to talk openly about being in the mafia.
There is still Mafia in NYC?! What do they do? run Italian restaurants lol
The mob is not what it once was in the US anyway, maybe back in the lucky Luciano days, in fact he did aid a little in looking after the docks! I think the guy is talking bubbles!
Saw in a documentary about the KKK, that at one point during the civil rights era, the FBI asked the mafia to go down south to handle one the KKK members. Mafia was able to use intimidation tactics that the FBI couldn't. They were effective.  Mafia was also "called" into service during WWII as well. 
Mafia vs Terrorists sounds like Pirates vs Ninjas. Cool. Cool-cool-cool.


I totally thought the thumbnail was a screen capture from gta...
So 9/11?..... What happened?
Sounds legit.

"Hey, we can take advantage and capitalise off of irrational fear better than the government!"
BADABING BADABOOM ! if ya get me 
This would make for a fantastic GTA 6 plot.  
Uncle Enzo says, You've got a friend in the family.
Interesting. Do they realize they are dealing with suicide bombers, though?
I love this headline 
The Japanese Yakuza actually play a role that is similar to what he mentioned. Ironically, they are often the ones who maintain order and safety for ordinary residents in local areas.
My 2016 predictions list just added by one -- Al Baghdadi is going to wake up one morning with the head of one of his favorite camels in bed with him.
This is like the Enterprise episode when the crew go back in time to WW2 and the nazis made it to new york with the help of some evil dudes. The mob was doing there part in the rebellion. 
Sounds like it would be a good movie.
So let me get this straight: If China, the US, Russia, France, Great Britain, Anonymous, Al Qaeda, the Mob, and who the fuck knows who else are all against ISIS, WHO THE EVER FUCK IS FUNDING THEM?
When the mob call you psycho you may want to take a moment to reflect upon your actions.
They did during WW2
In the news today: Al Baghdadi found riddled with bullet holes and floating out at sea off the coast of New Jersey. 
It's the same deal with the Cartel in Mexico. Terrorism is bad for business. If any sort of terrorists made their way across the border, security would undeniably tighten, hurting the Cartel's profit. 

It takes a decent amount of street smarts to pull something like this off in a big city, eventually word is going to make it around to -someone- 
Kind of makes sense. Terrorists need criminal connections and the risk associated with supplying jihadis is too big. And that's before personal hatred comes into it. 
Then they better get on it.
The mafia traffics drugs that fund terrorism. If the mafia could make more money vicariously funding terrorism they would, they are not patriots. 

That being said they are not simply "thugs" either. They have sophisticated criminal enterprises, and not so sophisticated as well, what they are is dangerous. 

The Italian mafia is still considered the number one organized crime threat in the United States and they're only getting stronger as the FBI reorganizes into an anti-terror agency.
Well yeah, no shit. It's easy to accomplish your goals when you don't have to play by the rules. 
His photo looks like a GTA character.
And all they ask in return is to take back over the wholesale electronic businesses.
I think that someone just came up with the next block buster hit!
[This is from 2012...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDQq5ZXDwuQ&amp;app=desktop)
9/11 would have never happened if Gotti was a free man.

Thanks Rudy.
His face in the thumbnail looks like a GTA screenshot. 

Hmmm in the article too. 
I'm amazed at the level of supidity in this thread, but then I'm not from the US where they may be ok with this kind of thing.
"Send Mikey, Vinny, Duce and his brother Mikey. They all gots bats don'thay? Fawkin tell those loser eyes-is we don't wan'tnanna dose mooks around Benstonhurst. Feggeta-bout it. Find a Southwest flight outta Jersey and beat dare knees in. Come back with some fawkin incense or sumthin, tss."
The guy in the picture looks like a videogame character. 
dude looks like a gt5 character render
Say what you want about Italian organised crime but they fucking hate terrorists. I had an uncle who was an associate of a family and he lost his mind after 9/11. Donating tons of money to charities (for funeral costs mostly) and keeping the cops...and feds informed about anything weird like rumors or items that were bought by serious individuals. 
isis leader wakes up and finds a severed goats head in his bed.
If gangsters wanted to, they could unite and overthrow the government...which are the real terrorists.
They certainly have much better HUMINT in the criminal world.  This is certain.  Also perhaps why the CIA has been rumored to occasionally team up with them.
[New Swedish police report reveals Muslim men (2% of population) responsible for 77.6% of rape in Sweden](https://youtu.be/f7ZVTPYv4m4?t=2m48s)
Maybe in 1935.  Hate to tell you Mafia, you're not really all that special anymore. 
Maybe the Mafia of the 30's but I don't think they can compete with all the technological and financial resources law enforcement has today. I just don't think the mob has the resources to identify a terrorist. Maybe they are planning ethnic purging?
Badabing BadaBOOM
Mobster's son confident about mafia influence, more at 11!
the fox to the farmer; "i can protect your chickens better than your dog".

Couldn't protect Tony Soprano
In some respects, they are right.  Consider that the Mafia isn't constrained by anyone's civil rights, by the need to take things through the courts, or even evidence.

Given a free hand, they could almost certainly make NY safer than the Feds.

...of course there would be certain drawbacks and tradeoffs.

"Yeah, those people we killed?  Those were terrorists.  Trust us."

"Geriatric Nuns?"

"Terrorists.  Trust us."
I believe him. It was true in WWII also. Real Americans are often found in American gutters.
no thanks. I'll stick with the cops and courts etc.
Dumbest fucking thing I've heard in my life.  Just want I want a bunch of anachronous thugs who couldn't spell cat if you spotted them a C and a T "protecting" me.

What a fucking retard.
To be honest, groups i've been around are much more informed and aware of what goes on in the community than anyone else i've found.  While there is a lot of division among gangs where i live, if there was a threat of an extremist cell around here they would probably just disappear. It is a strange thing when an 'outside' group causing a uniting call from rivals.  
Interesting - In The Sopranos Tony had a weird, paranoid obsession with Islamic terrorism and actually fed info to the FBI about possible terror suspects. 
I totally agree with the OP. Send all Mafia types and KKK and the Westboro Church nutcases to Syria. It doesn't matter if they kill any Daesh terrorists or not. The U.S. will be better off.
The feds will torture you, kill you, then say they didn't.

The mob will torture you, then kill you, then your family, then say they didn't with a grin on their face.
Yeah, well, 9/11, you had your chance Mafia :) 


Mafia are the terrorists, and they are losing market share, and money. Murder Inc. just wants new contracts from the Gubbermint
because, like all Corporate Welfare fraud artists they want their share of the Corporate Welfare now that main street is insolvent, and the people are broke. Furthermore, all the Gubbermint terrorists from the Central Intelligence Agency already control ISIS
through funding, and arms trade. Clearly, the Mafia just wants in on the dollars that the CIA gets from the taxpayer so they don't go bankrupt en masse just like the BIG box stores, and investment banks on Wall Street.

When the Mafia starts telling Americans that they can protect them better than the Gubbermint you know you have a problem with Jurisprudence in New York shitty, and the Gubbermint.
Just a quick reminder:
the mafia has no problem with dissolving children in acid, letting explode highways and disrupting any normal socio-economic society for profit (Extortions, for example).

So yeah, FUCK these guys, FUCK everyone who romanticizes vicious criminals.
Sincerely, an Italian who knows what he's talking about.

Romanticize the Italian general prosecutors who have to fight the Mafia in the first line, risking their and their family lives. Back stabbed by corrupt and underfunded institutions. Getting real tired of this shit. Take a taste of what the real world is and stop believing in the Disney-Mafia. "Sicilian connections" my ass.
[deleted]
Why not make an…arrangement?
You know what, I believe you 
I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse

Here boys, is history's first Mafia ad!
That's why you call the godfather before the police.
I think that picture is actually a screen cap from GTA. Certainly doesn't look like a real photo, that's for sure. 
"...but it'll cost ya."
Well considering that getting illegal guns means dealing with them, yeah. 
Suggesting the mob isnt BigBusiness/TheGovernment.
This unholy alliance was actually utilized in WWII. The mafia had a vested interest in assisting the government because of family ties in Italy, as well as business being disrupted in general. 

So the Government teamed up with the mafia to monitor the ports and other businesses that the mafia had control of. 

IIRC, these deals were mainly set up with mob bosses that were incarcerated already. They couldn't let them go for obvious reasons, but they made their stay at those prisons to be very very comfortable. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collaborations_between_the_United_States_government_and_Italian_Mafia
Ever read Snow Crash? They end up as the security force when the US government collapses. :)
This is a direct insult to FBI
Oliver Queen could protect us also
Why is the gambino's face so photoshopped? 
If the mob doesn't hate the USA, they will obviously do this. Their lively hood is just as at stake as ours if the terrorists do anything.No reason to pay protection money if people are afraid to go out in the first place
Mafia vs ISIS = ISIS easily win. They want to die while "working". They don't make their atrocities for money. Most of them train a lot more than mafia and they know about military tactics. 
Who are we to argue?
Feel Free...
Does anyone else think this is just bad ass?
There may be a slight grain of truth to it. If they control all the smuggling in an area, there's a chance that a firearm, explosives, passport, etc. purchase might go through their channels. 
Even though they are loosing the battle against obesity, poverty and jail? 
This guy wouldn't know any better than any of us what they are capable of though. You think Dom Cefalu and Frank Cali would let this shithead get in the news like this if he was relevant? 
He claims the only reason Sicily has not been invaded is due to the mafia? Who the fuck wants to invade Sicily ?  
LOL
I live on a block in Long Island with 3 Mafia houses.... I must live on the safest block in the entire state.
Wasn't that a subplot from the movie Eraser?  "Nothing gets moved off these docks without it don't get loaded by the union"
They're less likely to rob you for all your cash than the police. 
Pretty sure I've seen that guy in GTA
For one reason or another, we really don't have a problem with foreign terrorism here in the US. I mean, look at one teenage kid can do with a firearm in a school, it really makes you wonder why we aren't more of a target. 
There was a rumor during the Son of Sam killings that the mafia was pursuing the killer too. Not sure if there's any validity to it.
Leave the bomb, take the cannoli.
Dude looks pretty hot in the pic there.  Doesn't translate at all in the interview, however.  It's a shame.
Bakers can save New York better than feds," baker's son says.  
  
You get the drift...
But it's gonna cost ya!
This only says one thing ... 'everyone can say dickish things if they want -- even the mafia'
Well...yeah. When you aren't constrained by laws, checks, and proof you can effect more changes. 

[Pythons did it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pm5mtpPtW1Q)
I...I think I might agree. Let em loose!
italian mafia has little power in 2015.
Hire them as the new police force.
Snow Crash is based on this premise.
Isis is gone, and we couldn't do nothing about it
So you don't need our protection, HUH? 
I find this very fascinating. I thought the mafia wasn't around anymore 
I wouldn't doubt it. The mafia isn't concerned about hurting people's feelings. Which is a big factor in why all this shit is happening.
Guys, guys.  You're missing the point!  The FBI and Homeland Security are limited in their reach.  They clearly need more powers!
Yeah. The bad guys will ask mafia for a permission first. Sure.
True - just look at Mexico's cartels/mafia - Isis hasn't killed nearly anyone in Mexico, or as many people as they have.

Sadly, I'm a bit late to the comment fest, but this is a horrible false dichotomy. How many people have been killed by organized crime? I would wager much more than Isis or islamic terrorism has killed here. We'd be replacing a very minor threat with a major one that has caused a large amount of damage.

Additionally, they didn't talk about how they would do it in non-italian neighborhoods. There, they can just discriminate: you're muslim/arab/different, you're bad and we can drive you out. How do they plan to do it on more gentrified neighborhoods? Just start chasing away brown people, i.e., pushing them in to other parts of the country they don't care about because there's not enough money to extort/rob from innocent business owners?
This reminds me of The Blacklist
Today I Learned : PR tactics work.

I guess cultural stereotypes play into it as well. I'd be mightily surprised to see the same treatment given to other, less glamourized (in the U.S.) criminal organizations like the Mexican cartels, or street gangs.
"mobster's son says"


well consider the source.


Also I can protect NY from terrorists better than the feds, and I will do it for 10% cheaper than what it cost the feds, so just send me that check and I'll get right on it. Ohh, and I need to be able to pass any laws I want to without challenge. 
Well, obviously because they have no rules and are extremely violent and cruel. People don't want the police and the secret services to "protect" the city in the way he says.
well he sounds  like anobjective commentator
Well I don't remember the last terrorist attack in Italy.
Makes a lot of sense. After all, if anyone is looking for illegal weapons or explosives, the mob is likely to catch wind of this before feds do, since they likely know or are the ones selling them. 
I believe it. 
"My dad can beat up your dad"
I don't know, it didn't work out for Tony Soprano. We remember what ha...
The myth of the patriotic criminal.  Maybe some of them would help, but the others would be counting all the money in their heads that terrorists with oil fields would be able to pay them.
Who do they think they are? The Yakuza?
Can someone help me get his phone number? I need protection 
The mafia and the government both use the same model of operation. 

Taxes are basically mafia tributes.


Whether he's right or not is... Debatable, but I guess it doesn't hurt having whatever is left of the Mafia on our side.
Siciliano NYC we'll take care of this
Tonight on Deadliest Warrior...
is it me or does his dude look like a grand theft auto character
Because they did so much to prevent 9/11.  :/
Right there's no terrorist cells in Sicily because of the mafia, because ISIS have been really trying hard to infiltrate and bomb Sicily.
I'm all like "fuck yeah, ISIS. the NYC has its own protectors - mother fuckin mafia, bitches!"

Then I remember that the mafia is pretty brutal as well. But hey, the devil you know, right?
Hey, whats goin on ova heeere ova deere!?! you terrists come to my neighbahood?!? my friggin neighbahood?!? 

this was all i could think reading the headline...
This seems like a challenge for an organization bent on pissing everyone off. The US is safe from ISIS terrorism because we're already engaging them. That's exactly what they're after. 
This isn't as crazy as it sounds.  During WWII the US Navy was stretched pretty thin and was concerned that its ships in NY harbors were vulnerable to German and Italian sabotage, so it hired the mafia as protection.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collaborations_between_the_United_States_government_and_Italian_Mafia
This is a great plot idea for a movie 
Yeah because justice is very easy when you don't have rules.
Why is it all the worst organized crime groups in various countries from Japan to Latin America to the US try to sell themselves as nationalists / patriots when really they act like parasites on the state and the working class people they extort??? Let alone the violence in countries like Italy and Mexico that tears society apart at its fabric
Literally "Mob" justice... huh?
This... this is so awesome I can't even right now.
There's a difference between the two?
and redditors believe him
I guarantee you they would do it with some pretty severe racism.
I feel like I just read the premise of a new video game.
what the fuck did I just read?
Well, they did back in WW2...  They were hired to protect the ports from German U-Boats IIRC sinking cargo ships and aid to Britain before Murica got in the war.
When they can protect themselves from velveteen track suits, back hair, and devastating mommy issues, then maybe we'll let them try their hand against daesh.

Not saying that their experience extorting convenience stores wont come in handy.....
The mafia does not fuck around, if they find the terrorist, you can pretty much guarantee his family's entire blood line will be eliminated.
Somewhat ironic considering the IRA has assassinated gang leaders in Ireland. 
They're scary, lawless and violent... but I don't think the mob would be any better.
I may not make an honest buck, but I'm 100% American. I don't work for no two-bit ISIS.
0_0

It is a gated community with a playground for kids that is only 120ft from their home's front door...

Man, the neighbors are nosy as hell.
I finally feel safe to sleep at night knowing that this criminal scum is off the streets



^^seriously ^^though ^^thats ^^fucked ^^up
So wait, if she's not allowed to be that far away from her child for an hour or two, will the child be dragged off to jail with the mother?

I mean, you are punishing her for not watching her child for a brief period of time, so the punishment really shouldn't include being further away from that child for an even longer amount of time, should it? 
Classic Plea Bargin bullshit.

Prosecutor knows the charges are BS, offers a plea, citizen knows the charges are bullshit and reject the plea, Prosecutor ups the charges because we can't actually have citizens exercising their right to a trial because it would grind the system to halt.

Next the prosecutor will drag out the proceedings for years coming back again and again offering the plea while making the life of the defendant hell.

This is how the US ends up imprisoning people who cannot make bail, and are guilty of nothing, for years while the wait for a trial date that the prosecutor will ensure never happens.
Thinking about it more, big thumbs up to this kid who told these adults, "I'm not done playing." Good on you kid, don't just blindly listen to people because they say something without good reason.
Fucking neighbor.. 
&gt;Tomahawk Hendren 


That name
Clicked the link from my front page thinking it was an Onion article. Halfway down I was thinking, "man, this is pretty detailed for an Onion article and not too funny..." So sad :( 
Man, my parents would STILL be in jail for the shit they let my brother and I do outside when we were kids back in the 70's. This over-nurturing shit today is ridiculous.
"While she was initially arrested for felony child endangerment and neglect"

"Felony child endangerment is a child endangerment charge enhanced by aggravating circumstances. Child endangerment occurs when a person engages in conduct that places a child in immininet danger of death, bodily injury, or physical or mental impairment. This can be through an act or omission."

So letting your child outside now is the equivalent of placing your child in "imminent danger of death, bodily injury, or physical or mental impairment." I think people have gone a little crazy. 

The truth is that all this craziness is directly related to media propaganda. Your child is safe outside. There are no boogeyman in real life. But on TV there are only deviants and pedophiles. Society is confusing real life with tv. We need to reject these false narratives.  

It's like they are preparing us for the police state. Government isn't your enemy, your neighbors are.
Really messed up thing is that the country has been getting safer since I was a kid.  Year over year violent crime has decreased.  Yet suddenly now people freak out about stuff that was commonplace, and frankly isn't that dangerous.  Teach your kids not to talk to strangers, etc., and they will be fine 99.999% of the time.

Keeping yourself safe is pointless if you aren't living your life.
I've always told my parents that their methods for raising us 40+ years ago would get them arrested today. Now I see it's true.

Back when I was growing up, ALL kids were "free range". Hell, most days in the summer I saw my mom once at breakfast and once at dinner. Maybe. 

I don't even want to talk about the time we drove across the country with my brother and I in the back of a station wagon, without seat belts or anything. I'm amazed I'm alive today. Damn parents were trying to kill me.

Is not the point of living in a gated community to be able to allow your children to play outside without worrying about someone taking them?
"because what if someone did take him?"  
I played out in the streets at that age in the middle of fucking LONDON, I think the kid is safe enough.
[This kind of thing has happened before](http://insider.foxnews.com/2015/06/14/florida-parents-charged-felony-neglect-after-11-year-old-son-plays-backyard-90-minutes)
Kids who grew up in the 80's and 90's somehow managed to make it to adulthood without helicopter parenting, yet we turned into the most overprotective generation in US history.

Around 1990, I was in first grade and my dad showed me how to walk home from school and that was that.  It was simple: tell us where you're going, don't get into a stranger's car, and if something happens, go knock on a door and ask for help.  

The irony too is that around 1990, violent crime was peaking.  Today, it is possibly at an all-time low.


Someone should arrest those neighbors for having contact with a child that is not theirs. They could have kidnapped that child themselves! Throw them in jail!
Wtf ?? 6 months for letting her child to play in the playground by himself ??! What kind of law is that ? 
What kind of parent just lets their child roam around public parks, getting "fresh air", when he/she could be safe and sound staying indoors?! Has she even bought a gaming system for this child?! For Christ sake, get that child an iPhone, laptop, and a God damn copy of GTA. Does she want her child to be some hippie-freak?!
I mean ... I mean ... I don't know. Fuck this.

Did all these people forget their own childhoods!? Or did they grow up inside of a glass jar?
I used to roam the woods in the Ozarks hills when I was that age way back in the 1980s, I came home nude one time and my mom asked why, and I told her about the rotten log I jumped on and my foot went threw the log into the rather large hornets nest hidden inside, the hornets had went up my pants leg and started stinging my tender bits, so I quickly removed my overalls and started running home, all my mom had to say is that the next time that happens I need to bring my clothes back because they cost money. 
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
She breastfed her son, Tomahawk, for 28 months. That's not even the most unusual thing I've read today 
The chances of being abducted by a stranger is so small that I'm surprised people still use that as a "milestone" of danger.

He has a much better chance of getting mowed down by a stray car in the park than getting stolen by a stranger.
fucking self righteous neighbors who fucking never had kids in their life
In the old days, your neighbors would watch your kid like their kid. 

I bet one of the neighbors are sleeping with her husband and wanted to raise some hell for her.
When I was a child I had a massive park behind my house, you couldn't see it from end to end inside my house, hell you couldn't see it from end to end from my backyard.

In the summer, I would wake up, my mom gave me breakfast then kicked me out of the house until lunch, called me in, kicked me back out, did the same for dinner.

I would go and wander in the field and forest behind the park as well, both were very far from my house. No one called Children's Aid on my mom, mind you this was 1985, and the bullshit thing about this is that these are the same people that had the freedom to roam as kids and are calling the cops because her child was 120' from the house, I was 1 - 5 km away from my house at any given time in the morning.
When my daughter turned 2, we moved out of our apartment and into a house with 1/2 acre of fenced yard - *specifically* so she could play "unsupervised" as she got older.  Older like 3 and 4.  Articles like this really help validate that decision.  Of course, even there they thought I was a bit nuts for letting her (in first grade) ride to the end of the street on her bike unsupervised.  I mean, it was *almost* 1,000 feet away!  That's like six houses down!  Talk about lax parenting.
Yeah great idea, take the mom away from the boy for 6 months that will definitely improve things!
As a level 4 character it is generally a good idea to stick with some higher level NPCs, but it is also highly recommend to do some quests on your own, that way you can level up your solo skills in the early levels.
People think children are always in immediate danger of being kidnapped. The odds of a "real" abduction by a stranger are practically zero.

To quote Doug Stanhope, "nobody wants to fuck your kid."
OH GOD "WHAT IF?!?!?!?!?!"

FUCK ME SIDEWAYS.

WHAT IF THE RUSSIAN NUKE THE PLANET FLAT?
WHAT IF A BUS DRIVES INTO MY HOUSE AND KILLS EVERYONE?
WHAT IF A TURRURIST KILLS ME WHILE IM AT THE STOPRE?~!?!?!?!?!

**WHAT
IF**
When I was 6, in 1986, I was allowed to ride my bike from my house, to my grandparents house, 1.2 miles away. I have yet to be kidnapped, molested, or even killed. 
Isn't gated community is like fenced , closed gate place where strangers can NOT get in? Isn't practically equivalent to you fenced back yard?
Former social worker here: This is fucking ridiculous.
I've had similar encounters with police, though I've not been arrested for it. Once a neighbor called while we were at a park, I was sitting on a bench, my son was playing in the park, there was nobody else at the park. Police show up, they come up to me, I thought they were just going to have a friendly conversation, nope, they were called to discuss my child playing alone in the park. The police didn't seem concerned but since this was the 2nd time, child services got involved. Child services told me that indoors was a safer place for my child and if I wanted to prevent future incidents and investigations that I should keep my child indoors. I said "so you're telling me I shouldn't let my child go outside" "that's correct sir"

This along with my son being accused of sexual harassment and facing suspension from school for telling a girl "so and so likes you" (literally all that happened) and I honestly just hate the government now. This shit has turned me into a staunch libertarian. I can only assume that younger generations don't join this bandwagon because they don't have kids, but once you're in full adult mode with your life you see very clearly that police, government, authority are in no way your friends, ever, and that any involvement they have in your life will only result in negative consequences.
Hehe. America, a land of police and dictatorship. Its citizens are conditioned to inform the authorities on the smallest things, cause the "authorities always know best". How about just telling the mother? Or watching over the kid? Also, how about doing something with the problem of people kidnapping kids? Is this common in the US?

To the outside, the US sometimes seems like an (apparently) rich North Korea.
Fucking nosey ass neighbors who probably would never lift a fucking finger to stop a parent from beating a child to death. Oh no! A child playing in the wild! We can't have that. Children PLAYING on a playground alone. WTF? So glad I live in a rural area where people mind their own fucking business. 
Be a helicopter parent or face jail time. And we wonder why our kids are so weak? 
When the fuck did neighbours watching out for all the neighborhood kids turn into neighbours calling the cops cause little Tommy Hatchet is playing by himself? 

Fuck this world. 
Great. Take a kid from a loving home and put him in with a foster family that is going to abuse him. That's the only good that will come from CPS. Rarely, oh how rarely does it ever end well.
This is pitiful. The person couldn't have talked with the mother if they had some serious concern? Why would they call CPS? 

Edit: and the worst part is where the heck is CPS when it's needed? No where. 

Every Sacramento Redditor should seriously go around town and start calling 911 every time they see a kid unattended and demand police assistance.  I don't see why they need to be as young as 4.  Anyone under 18, really.  

Someone really needs to keep these judges accountable for their stupid shit jesus christ man.
How in the fuck is this a thing! Every single person involved in this incident from the police to the judge were __all__ brought up under the same conditions. I have no idea how this can be real life.
So the U.S. refuse to have stricter rules for owning weapons because the state shouldn't interfere with God's given right to shoot anyone you want. But they feel the need to dictate how a parent has to watch over his/her child while it's on a f... playground? Man, you are in serious trouble over there.
Normally, I would think this ridiculous, but 4 is a bit too young to be alone in an unfenced playground. Not that somebody would steal him, but because kids that young aren't necessarily ready to be unsupervised near a street. If the child was 6 or 7, I'd say he was ready, but not 4. 
She should get a "cool mom" lifetime pass for no other reason than that she named her boy Tomahawk.
ITT people that don't have 4 year olds.  It's pretty young honestly.  Like literally just formulating sentences, learning how to wipe their butt etc.

I wouldn't do it, but I wouldn't call the police over it.  So if we could stop assuming 4 is an age with no dispute here.

Four is really really young.  I would stop by a neighbor's house and play with their 4 year old if I knew them and they weren't crazy.
Those neighbors should be thrown in jail for causing this mother to be apart from her child for so long. What if he got taken and Liam Neeson is not available? 

Letting kids play unsupervised is an important part of their development. It is not unsafe. Statistically, it is no worse than when your parents or grandparents were growing up, and then it was perfectly acceptable to tell your kid to go play outside for the entire day and to 'be back by dinner'. 

It's just the media has hyped this climate of fear and now everyone is convinced if you don't have your child duct taped to your leg you practically hired a kidnapper yourself. 
Wtf!? Where is the line drawn? If it was 500 yards away on your own property? Based on age? Time? 

My 3 young kids ride their bikes to the end of the road by themselves. Is *that* illegal? Kids can't play outside anymore? 
The only crime here is that she named her kid Tomahawk.
Sheesh. What about the kids who are actually abused and are starving from neglect? I think the neighbor should have been more forthcoming with the boy's mom. This is why I want to live in the country. F*** you nosy neighbors 
I mean...what? Im just assuming this is USA, how can a huge prison inmate population be a known problem and people that are not criminals, maybe not thoughtful but definately not criminals, go to jail? Throwing tax money at absolutely nothing. This is surreal.
It makes no sense that people become more overprotective even though the world is a safer place than it's ever been.
I feel like in these scenarios it should be legal to kick the other persons ass.
People are extremely sensitive today..

I was in the gym and granted I am a pretty awkward dude, I tried making small talk with this guy and said ´did you do anything for Halloween?´  he went on about how he did nothing and then I said ´yeah Halloween isn't as popular as it was when I was a kid, I barely seen any kids out there´

He went and reported me to the front desk, who called the police.  
When he said he wasn’t done playing they called the cops

What... the... fuck...
The parents who called the cops are fucked. 
&gt;free ranged


America is fucked up.
Should have published the neighbours names in the article so they could deal with the same level of harassment they just unleashed on that mother...

F'n people.
60's kid checking in.    
We used to play outside.     
Unsupervised.     
All day long.    
It's not a myth.     

I don't get this at all.  When I was younger with my older brother and older sister we would, as  3, 4, and 5yr old kids, take 2 buses to school in a major badass city by ourselves because our parents had to work 2-3 jobs.  All the bus drivers knew us.  A couple of  years later when we moved to the countryside I would regularly be alone on my bike many miles away from home (sometimes roaming the local farms, woods, and streams) until is started getting dark with only my imagination to fuel me.  No issue, no abandonment, just trust.  As a 8yr old I sneaked into a small airfield to mess around with the helos, planes, or balloons and when I got caught instead of calling the cops the guys gave me some food, showed me around, made me do some work helping with repairs, and even took me up in the air.  I went back many times.  I've made somewhat of a career as a musician and stunt performer from shit I did when I was a kid because of being allowed to do it as long as it was within reason.  My parents are fucking awesome!
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO'S NOTICED THIS KIDS NAME IS TOMAHAWK???

So fucking bad ass.
Tomahawk. 

Fuck sake. 
[Meanwhile in Nordic countries...](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-21537988)

The real crime here is that boys name. 
If the jail time were for naming her son Tomahawk, I'd be fine with that.
Hey, so I'm late. But is there an HOA horror story related sub around these here hills?
Actual wtf. And most people complain about the neighbors... what about your "justice" system in this so called land of freedom, sending a mother to jail for this. It's truly hard for me to believe.
This pisses me off so much! My parents were just like this, wouldn't let me outside unsupervised, they'd be horrified if I suggested going for a walk by myself at the age of 14, and guess what happened? I ended up having no idea how to protect myself, or how to spot it when I was actually in danger, when there was an actual dangerous person in front of me. A few years ago, I was raped by someone I knew. My parents still don't know (I'm now 20), but my counsellor thought that my sheltered upbringing had led to me being far too trusting and not knowing how to protect myself. I'm not saying that something awful is going to happen to every over-parented kid, or that what happened to me was a direct result of my parents' over-protection. I'm saying it's seriously dangerous if you wrap your kids up and don't give them tools to spot danger, and live life on their own. 
My parents would have gotten life in prison for all the outside playing I was allowed to do.
Yeah just send the mom to jail, will be very good for the kid -_-¨
Land of the free...
Dear America. This is why nobody likes you.  
Looks like CPS has too much funding. Be sure to let CPS know that you are willing to tell your Congressman that.
&gt; “I’m not mad she has to do things now to teach her, because what if someone did take him?”

Fuck the media man. Child abduction is incredibly rare and shouldn't stop kids from playing outside, even alone. Are people honestly this thick?
Mom- "I breastfed my son TOMAHAWK until he was 28 MONTHS OLD. Just so everyone knows how this lady is.

And her neighbor- I thought they would just like yell at her or something. I mean she was letting her child safely play were dozens of people apparently are looking out for him. 
some people need to mind their own fucking business.
First of all, as I talk about at the end of my comment, I think this is an absolutely terrible punishment, not just because the mother probably doesn't deserve to serve time, but because she shouldn't be separated from her son. Instead a fine or something that wouldn't directly impact the kid's life would be much more appropriate.

As for the alleged crime, I don't know if a mom should let their four year old play outside alone, not just because of the unlikely chance a stranger could kidnap the kid, but because of the dangers the kid poses to himself. He could try to climb something and fall and possibly hit his head, or do any other stupid thing a four year old would think is OK.

Per the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention-
"Acts of omission: failure to provide for a child's basic physical, emotional, or educational needs or to *protect a child from harm or potential harm.* [...] harm to a child may or may not be the intended consequence. The failure to supervise [results in] inadequate supervision, exposure to violent environments."

I think we can all agree that Tomahawk's mother was clearly not supervising her son, whether or not you think supervision was necessary in this instance. Furthermore we can agree that her primary objective was for her son to have fun outside while being independent, instead of her just being too lazy/ busy to go with him. 

So I think the question is, how dangerous was this environment for a four year old alone? I personally believe that young kids should be supervised if they are out in public, or in the house (pretty much all times). Obviously not direct visual contact, but a parent or guardian should at least be able to hear the kid if he shouts or calls. While the child should be given privacy and not have a constantly nagging parent, if something happens that parent needs to be able to quickly come help. 120 feet outside could go either way and needs further investigation- could she hear him if he called, was she able to see him or was it behind a house or corner, etc. However that level of supervision might not be enough in this situation, depending on the level of potential danger in the playground.

Playgrounds are pretty dangerous for kids, especially when unsupervised. You can't expect a four year old to have the judgement to know what is dangerous and should not be done. I had a friend who at age 7 jumped off a swing set going really high because he wanted to fly into a grassy field 30 feet away. His mom was not watching him because it was a birthday or something and she was talking with other moms. He didn't make it to the grass (not that the 'soft' grass would have been any better), but he did land on his hand on the sidewalk and broke a bunch of bones in his arm. If I recall correctly one of the bones protruded from his elbow from force of impact (something really gross I got sick as a kid).

So there is the 'I'm immortal' unrealistic views young kids can have about themselves, but in addition, there is also the potential problem of them not thinking ahead when getting into certain situations. For example, when I was 6 I would hang upside down on monkey bars. I won't get into too much detail, but basically one time I hung down in a spot where there was nothing to grab to help me get back up. I hadn't thought of how I was going to get down before hand and if my dad wasn't there to pick me up I would have tried jumping down and probably hit my head.

I don't think it is unreasonable to assume that Tomahawk would not put himself in a similarly unsafe position. Especially at 4 years old where the neck and head are especially vulnerable to trauma, these injuries should be avoided at all cost.

The mother's punishment seems really harsh and I think excessive, but if Tomahawk had a similar experience to my friend or thought to jump off the monkey bars and got seriously hurt, the mother would be held responsible for negligence.

If parents don't want to be overprotective in raising their kids, they should follow that teaching until it reaches a certain point where a child doesn't possess the mental capacity to make prudent judgement calls. I think at 4 years old most toddlers could seriously hurt themselves in a playground. At that age a playground is definitely a dangerous environment.

Maybe the neighbors shouldn't have called the police and CPS, and the plan to separate the son from his mom seems to be the dumbest thing they could do, especially since the kid probably really loves his mother and will be really stressed out about losing her.

Everything I said about potential danger to the kid and how it could be considered negligence is just that *potential*. Since nothing bad happened, the kid doesn't know that it could have happened, so messing with the kid's family dynamic will seriously confuse him. What I mean is that while the mother should possibly be fined or something, she isn't being abusive to her son in his eyes so she shouldn't be sent away from her son. If that happened with my mom, it would have really messed up my view of her as a kid.
What a bunch of horseshit.  When I was a kid, as long as me and my friends stayed in the general vicinity(and didn't set anything on fire), meaning a lot more than 120 feet, there was never any trouble.

People have gotten wound up way too tightly about all the wrong things.
"I just thought she would get a warning,” says one of the neighbors who called CPS

You don't call CPS to give someone a fucking warning. You call them when there's actually a threat to the child. 
I only read the headline, and I am outraged.
At first I thought the title was one of those misleading click-batey titles. Then I realized it was serious. Now I am sad.
Obviously a complex issue...neighbors suck, the mom had her reasons etc etc.   All I know for sure is personally I wouldn't let my 4 year old play alone unsupervised in that situation.  Kids are just too precious to take a chance...not worth it.  
I'm 61 and grew up when parenting was yelling "Go outside".

I'm sorry guys, 4 is a little young to be outside in public unsupervised
&gt;“of course I love him, I do everything for him. I breastfed for 28 months. I cloth-diapered, you know, obviously I’m avoiding helicopter parenting.”

28 months? You mean 2 years. Also how is cloth diapering relevant. That being said, I'm totally on her side. 
The kid's name is "Tomahawk," he can clearly take care of himself!
Americans are fucking nuts. The amount of child snatchings by strangers is so low it barely registers. 

If anything, the greater threat to the kid was the neighbors. Statistically, any child abuse cases happen by people the child knows well in his general vicinity, like fathers, uncles and neighbors.

Generations of people went outside to play without direct parental supervision and the vast majority of them were fine. The hysteria these days is just mind boggling. 
120ft, oh damn - that actually sounds a lot to somebody that deals in metric.

Conversion calculator...

36m.

Fuck, just fuck. Nothing more to say.
[Sees it's in California] (https://youtube.com/watch?v=F2ZGBNpYo5g&amp;time_continue=1)
Fuck those neighbors. Mind your own damn business. 
With a name like Tomahawk there's no doubt this kid could kick any would-be abductors ass.
People need to mind their fucking business 
So kids can't play on a playground in a gated community unsupervised?

I am so eternally grateful that I'm already a grown up! Children today have absolutely no freedom to be children anymore.
When a lot of us were kids, we could run all over our block, and there would be lots of other kids doing the same. I never see kids playing outside in my neighborhood, but there are tons out on Halloween. The statistics for child abduction haven't changed much for decades, but the news outlets have learned that fostering fear brings in ratings. As a result, kids can only play in organized after school programs, teams, clubs, etc., always with supervising adults hovering around and micro managing. This means today's kids are getting very little opportunity to develop certain social and problem solving skills, because they always have adults to step in and fix things for them. They never learn how to deal with mean kids, they don't know how to brush themselves off and keep playing after skinning a knee, and they have less opportunity to create their own kinds of play. Treat them like delicate little eggs and they will crack easily when they are older.
The jail time isn't for letting play outside, it is for giving him a stupid fucking name.  I can't believe she didn't find a way to work an X and a Y into the it.
&gt; A self-described “free-range” mom 

Can we stop saying that? It's like normal parenting doesn't exist anymore.
My parents let me play outside by myself at that age in a nice neighborhood.  And I got molested.  A lot.  I don't think a 4 year old should be playing outside unsupervised.
I bet Gladys Kravitz was the neighbor.
120ft. How old do you have to be to cut the umbilical cord in that town?
The only thing she did wrong was name her kid Tomahawk
so when the mom goes to the jail. who's taking care of the kid? 
Last day of school senior year me and a couple buds are hanging in my friends garage, had some music playing at a low-medium volume. We weren't being rowdy at all, and a cop shows up responding to a noise complaint! There was no alcohol or anything so we weren't doing anything illegal. The cop was super cool about it and went on his way, but seriously... Fuck people
Well the mother is next door but I think I'll call the cops instead.
Time to reinstate the ol flaming bag of poo!
At first I was like "total clickbait" but the headline wasn't even an exaggeration shit.
If they had been nosier, they would have known who the kid's parents were and taken them home, or gone and spoken to the parents themselves. They were just nosy enough to get involved but too lazy overall to be helpful or thoughtful. A total human train wreck. 
Is it just me, or does locking a kid's Mom up do far more damage to a child than letting him play?
120 feet? By that logic, my dad should've been charged every time he used the bathroom at a restaurant he took me to. 
Those neighbors need to be dragged out of their homes and beat with a sock full of small children.
The real crime here is naming your fucking kid tomahawk
She should be arrested for naming him Toma
hawk
who names their kid tomahawk rofl
WTH IS WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE?!  There's nothing wrong with letting your kid play outside by him/herself.  
Ridiculous.  The real shame of all of this, and shame is the most civil word I could think to use, is that she is actually BEING CHARGED WITH A CRIME. Unreal.  
The fact that a term has been given to parents that lets their kid play outside ("free range parent") pisses me off to no end.
If this was 40 years ago every parent would be in jail.
Jesus...thank god I grew up in the boonies
AYFKM? 

I used to roam the neighborhoods all day long and I was like 10 or 11 at the time. 

What the hell are we teaching our kids, and even parents for this matter, if kids can't even play in a designated playground within ear and eye shot of ones residence?? 
Problem: mother doesn't watch kid.

Solution: throw mother in jail - that way she definitely cannot watch the kid.

What the fuck kind of logic is that?
This is why you NEVER call CPS or the cops unless there is clear active *abuse*. Neither of those groups know when to stop. Your friendly neighborhood sheriff retired years ago, and Farva took over.

The worst part is that those felony arrests will show up on her record during background checks *forever* even though they were reduced, and even if she beats the charges. The database is owned by the FBI. The local cops send arrest records, but generally don't update them when the prosecutor changes things. Even if they send update requests, the FBI is under no obligation to change their data. Court expunge orders don't fix it either. 
Fuck everyone who called the cops instead of talking to the mother!
I think people should stay out of other people's business. If that is a parents way of doing things then so be it...... I believe society today has to much freedom.
She actually got arrested for naming her kid "Tomahawk".
Am I the only one that noticed that it said she breastfed her son for 28 months?
I error on the side of caution with my kids.  I also am 100% certain I wouldn't like the mom who uses cloth diapers and just seems like an insufferable smug snob.  I assume she drives a Prius.  I also wouldn't do what she did with my own children.  

By so what?  It's two different styles.  Why the heck would I call the cops?  Hell, I'd say hi to the kid and keep an eye out for the kid.  That's the point- they need to know adults can be trusted.

Letting my own  4 year old run around outside by herself isn't my choice.  But I sure as hell a not going to call the cops on someone who made a different choice.
The kid is four fucking years old. Yeah you guys can talk about how you were "free-range" all day but a four year old may honestly not understand potential dangers yet. They're not toddlers but they're still not old enough to just be sent outside on their own.

I got into lots of shit as a kid too but it was after my parents could trust that my brother and I could handle potentially getting hurt or scared.

Jail is way too harsh a punishment, but it's still a fucking dumb idea to let a four year old wander around. Totally right to call about a preschool age kid hanging out all alone, though.
&gt; ... the boy, Tomahawk Hendren...

10/10 child abuse confirmed
What in the world is wrong with people today? Seriously? I used to play outside by myself for HOURS in the neighborhood. As long as I was in before the street lights came on, there was no issue. 

Now a kid can't even play outside without some nosy neighbor trying to act like they're better than the rest. Holy hell, this is so ridiculous. What kills me is the neighbor doesn't even have any remorse, just an "oh well! That'll teach her!" attitude. Disgusting.
What....  In Japan, we do this kind of thing all the time, even now!  And this is outside a gated community. (Which frankly I didn't know was a thing until now)  Hell, kids are watched by older kids when in a park sometimes not because they are asked but because why the hell not.  There are 6 year olds here that sometimes walk home from school with a bunch of friends.  America, what is wrong with you? 
Serious question is all of the U.S. like this? 

I live in a gated community in South Africa and the neighbour kids run around all the time. I never thought twice about it. My husband wants to move to the U.S. but I think being outside and having free play is important. Is that just not an option?
Was born in 95, Im a milennial, and I played outside with out adult supervision all the fucking time, almost everyday after school from 2000-2007.

This is fucking ridiculous and promotes a terrible parenting style of being over bearing, over protective, and sheltering raises the poor kid of whatever dumbass parent to be terrified of everything around them.
I'd like to know if there's a way we can contribute...
to getting those neighbors off the streets.
I find it scary that normal behaviour to allow a child some freedom within their community is referred to as 'free range'.

When I was a kid (aged 8), me and my pals would be wondering all over the countryside for several miles and it was never an issue with anyone. The only time it was an issue was when you didn't get back before it was dark.
&gt;because what if someone did take him?

Then i'm sure the nosy neighbor would be right there to perform a citizens arrest... wouldn't they? No? Huh?

^Also ^Gated ^^Fucking ^Community!
&gt;because what if someone did take him?” 

What are the odds of that happening?  Most child abductions are by non-custodial parents.  We really need to develop some perspective on this sort of thing.
Baby boomers: "Children in this generation are entitled babies"

Punishes any parent that tries to not make their children entitled babies. 
If I was her neighbour and saw the kid playing on their own I wouldn't think they were in any danger, especially as it's in a gated community. Any concerns about them playing alone should be shared with the kid's parents first not the police. Surely the bigger issue is that the neighbour fears there are child abductors in the area (the only reason that would justify calling the police in this instance) and if so I'm sure they are organising increased neighbourhood patrols to keep all the children safe... 
Of course I love him, I breastfed him for 28 months. O_O
Everything about this story, the arrest, the kids name, the 2+ years or breastfeeding, is so stereotypical California it's not even funny. 

I'll give them a pass on the name if they're Indians though. 

Who the fuck wants to steal a child. Children are fucking terrible.
"She was charged after two neighbors watched the boy, Tomahawk Hendren,"

Guilty. 
lol, MURRICAAAAAAA where kids learn early that freedom isent free....
Okay... I'm not really understanding; if he wasn't destroying property or abusing animals, what difference does it make that he was playing by himself...in a gated community... Less than a block from his front door. I'm sure Mom could peek out ever now and again to ensure he wasn't having a seizure or eating sand. I 100% don't understand how 1) that's considered criminal neglect or 2) why his neighbors cared. (Again, destroying property, peeing on things, kicking puppies....??)

Granted, I was born in 91. On and off military bases til about 2nd grade. But regardless where we lived, I was pretty much allowed free reign. The few times I got in trouble (broke into a golf course and found an AWEsome pond in Kindergarten, for instance) I got dragged by the ear to my front porch, disciplined by mom/dad and didn't do whatever X was again. This was.... Playing on a playground? Tell a kid to go home, maybe works, maybe not, but calling the cops before you knock on Moms door if you're REALLY that bugged by a kid playing on a playground?

I'm not trying to be a shit, I'm legitimately confused, and need help understand what the actual problem was.
This is Complete tyranny, these snitches and officials should be dealt with.
she should have put the kid in the basement with a TV and a console like good parents do. Kappa
Only in America.. at least i think
Good, fuck US
The bigger offense is that she named her kid Tomahawk. 
The story breaks my heart because I don't want to put a fist through my screen.
yo this is the beginning of the end if we gonna have behaviour like this. WE USED TO FUCKEN BIKE AROUND THE TOWN UNTIL DARK WHEN I WAS A KID LOL.

NOW IN A GATED FUCKING COMMUNITY THEY CALL THE FUCKING COPS WHEN A KID IS PLAYING? ARE U SERIOUS?


We need to move these retarded people to outerspace or some other planet and let them lose, fuck em.


I legit heard friends of my moms saying, "yea we¨re not gonna allow or group of 4 kids go tick or treat cause who knows what you gonna run into, most likely a pedophile"

my jaw dropped like, are you fucking serious. I just looked at em asking "are you serious?" and I legit couldnt tell if they were joking or not so I probably asked like 3-4 times before I just left.



I was in 2-4th grade taking the buss to the city to buy candy, we didnt even let our parents know like wtf, we was out playing around in a city with skateboards and shit until like 20-21:00 at night.

Making pancakes and shit.

We are babyin the future generations so fucking hard we gonna just be a couple of weak dumbasses who falls for quickbaits.

IDIOCRACY HERE WE GO
No wonder there's an obesity crisis- parents are so terrified of (gasp) the *outside world* that they keep their children inside and feed them huge amounts of unhealthy food to stop them from being ''murdered'' in the playground...
what shitty neighbors seriously. if i saw my neighbors kid out there I'd CONTACT THE PARENTS before going to authorities. whatthefuckingfuck?
120 ft in a gated community - this is bullshit.

REAL free-range parents = lazy parenting.
I think you have to know more about the specific situation to determine if unsupervised play is reasonable.  I do not think it necessarily needs to involve state intervention though. 

Factors to consider:  (A) the kid -- how mature, ability to communicate (e.g. does he know his address and parents' names if something happened) (B) the location -- any road need to be crossed?  Is this apartment complex big with lots of cars coming and going or small with just a few apartments and hardly any car movement during the day?  (C) the playground itself -- lots of things for 4 year olds to do safely or is the equipment mostly for older kids?  (D) ability of parent to monitor.  Can the parent see the kid by looking out the window or is the playground around the corner?  (E) Others around?  Were other kids/parents at the playground or is kid there alone?  (F) other risks around -- for example any open water (not likely given CA's current situation) or other dangerous areas.

Kids can and do get hurt all the time on playgrounds.  Can the kid tell someone what his name is, where he lives, what his parents' telephone number is?  

 

      


As an outdoor child myself I see no problem with it especially them being in a gated COMMUNITY where people look after each other because after all one has to LIVE NEXT TO the other for a long period of time...(you remember when so and so called the cops on me for letting my progressively named self reliant kid play outside alone? Fuck them!) now that kid is gonna get ridiculed and a someone is gonna have to pay thousands of dollars to fix this issues meanwhile the two nosy neighbors think they did the right thing rather than just keep an eye on the kid instead of turning his whole world. 
In the shitty Indiana town where I grew up CPS can't be bothered (or more likely are too overwhelmed) to intervene in clear cases of neglect and abuse.
Funny old world.
When I was young, I would go out on adventures miles from my house with nothing but a sandwich and my imagination and I always came back. We lived in a large gated community as well.

Honestly though, I now want to name my future kid Tomahawk.
America, the land of the free... incarcerated workforce.
I used to ride by bike miles away from home. I'd explore creeks and fields we would climb trees and throw rocks. My childhood was amazing and I didn't own an iPad and never once was I ever in danger of being "kid napped". 

Now a days with online predators its probably more likely your child will find trouble online than playing outside on a fucking play ground. 
I was raised by crazy strict parents. Compared to me friends, we were very limited in how far away we could go on our own or in small groups. We were much older than the norm when we were allowed to stay home alone.

Yet my parents would have been arrested by these standards. 

That's fucking ridiculous.
You should send my parents to jail, they let me play outside..
Has the world gone insane... How are they even considering putting the mother in jail? This article would make me afraid to become a parent. I'm glad I don't live there.
America I love you. But you do some fucking weird shit sometimes. 

Don't do that.
OFG theses people are putting a child in the system because they couldn't fucking mind their own business.  I have heard horror story's about those places.  If some nosy (probably old) people had my children taken away into a system where child rape and bullshit happens on the regular... one would wake up to find the other missing. 
TIL my parents should be locked up for life....

Seriously, I'm not as mad at the prosecutor as I am at the authorities. I'd expect cps to laugh and hang up unless there was more to it. 
America is really scary. 

I'm so glad I live in a safe country where kids can play like they should.
Tomahawk will be much better off being raised inside by an ipad where hes safe from the scary "insurgents" and "terrorists" in the world today. Then when he's older he'll have no interpersonal skills, rely on technology and probably end up protesting red cups and mean people at an ivy league school because he knows nothing about adversity and human interaction. Fuckin America is imploding.
She should be jailed simply for calling her son Tomahawk
Fuck those neighbors. 
My parents should have a life sentence.

 At that age I used to go climb pine trees with my brother (1 year older) a half mile away from the house. We even built tree stands about a year later. We were kicked outside every day to go play without supervision. 
I was allowes a 3block radius at that age... before cellphomes were common place. What is wrong with people
Mind your own fucking business.
I was on the mom's side until I found out the kid's name is *Tomahawk*.

Now I'm still on the mom's side, but holy fuck is this story hilarious.
She should get thrown in jail for naming her kid Tomahawk.
Might as well get rid of Play grounds. They are unsafe. 
I never knew my parents were endangering my life when I was a kid. Lifechanging 
She should get arrested for naming her kid Tomahawk 
Reason #10 why I will never breed.

Edit: thanks for the downvoting. No one will ever impregnate me. Sorry, not sorry.
So they'll go through all this trouble and she'll get acquitted and it will be a big waste of everyone's time and money.
Media fearmongering is largely to blame. Even this article ends with an ominous warning about a supposedly-related (yet actually completely different) situation:

*"See what happened when this couple [left four young kids home alone](http://www.newser.com/story/216604/mom-boyfriend-arrested-in-toddlers-oven-death.html?utm_source=part&amp;utm_medium=yahooparenting&amp;utm_campaign=storyid216902)."*

I was definitely running around outside with a whole bunch of kids from the neighborhood when I was around that age.

One of my first memories is of running up to the neighbor's gate and yelling, "(friend)! come out n play!!!" at the top of my lungs until they came out and we'd go kick around a soccer ball or something. 

This helicopter parenting thing is getting really out of hand.
Heaven forbid a child actually *goes outside* to play instead of being brainwashed by "violent" video games indoors where they are always 100% "safe."
'free range' meaning 'normal'.

Sorry, but naming the kid *Tomahawk* is far more irresponsible as far as I'm concerned.
I was 3 and it was 1983 when I used to ride my trike up to the dairy and buy 5c worth of lollies.
The child's name is "Tomahawk"? 
Fucking hippies.
what has this world come to... when i was young, around 6, or 7 i would be exploring in the woods behind my house, miles away from the back door, for hours. no parents, just me and sometimes my friends or siblings, who where also young. we would walk through the woods to the school a mile or so behind my house and play on the playground. the teachers/parents there never called the cops on our parents for neglect, or anything else. it is absurd to say that a parent should be watching their children every second of the day, or even be in close proximity every second of every day. in my case i do think that it was a little dangerous for me to be going so far into the woods, my parents had told me not to go very far into the woods... but i was a kid so i didn't care and got in trouble for it quite a few times. kids need to adventure and explore its part of being alive. kids shouldn't be sitting around all day with their faces glued to a screen, they should be out side exploring and adventuring. its good if they get a few scrapes and bruises, or get a little sick, it helps them in the long run, both mentally and physically. for instance, allergies, more kids are getting allergies because they are cooped up inside all day and are never exposed to the allergens, which will most likely make them allergic to them for the rest of their lives. there are many other health problems that they could get from this sedentary lifestyle that many parents are forcing their children into. or in the case of this article; what the neighbors/ society is forcing children to do.   
Same thing happened in Maryfornia.

Fuck both those liberal fucking idiot ass states.
Thanks liberalism
People realize the kid is 4 right? This is terrible parenting. That being said, total overreaction by neighbors and prosecutor.
What the fuck is wrong woth people these days? 
First of all, the neighbors could have checked with her first before calling the CDC. It's not like she was beating the kind and someone had to intervene. 

But most of all, I'm shocked that she's actually being prosecuted for it. Any reasonable person would have let it go. 
The real crime was naming her child Tomahawk
Okay... but who breastfeeds for 28 months?
Okay, I realize many people side with the mom, but just remember, she's the mom that let's her child get ALL UP IN YOUR SHIT AT THE RESTAURANT.  

You know, she doesn't want to be a "helicopter parent."
Land of the free.
Probably had its laser set from stun to kill. You never know.
They only show it for a second in the video but [this is the toy](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/0e/88/9d/0e889d256f47568664e0b5b10acde1c4.jpg) they're referring to. 
This is the TSA, folks.  Seriously, do they offer any reassurance that they are making flying safer if they think a Buzz Lightyear toy gun cannot be easily distinguished from a real firearm? 
Can you think of a worse example of bad judgement? Wasn't anyone in the chain of command a voice of reason? I bought skin creams from my mom in Japan. When we were flying back it was correctly noted that the bottles were too big to carry on (I was exhausted from no-sleep and the other 8 suitcases were beyond over-packed.) The Japanese security placed the bottles in a Tupperware container, labeled it with my name / info and put it with the suitcases. No trash cans no lectures nothing.. Why couldn't the meatheads had done this also?
"The TSA requires realistic replicas of firearms to be checked."  
  
In what way did this toy look realistic? When has anyone ever seen a gun like that? 
Rookie mistake Levi, everyone knows the TSA only lets through [real loaded guns](http://www.wtsp.com/story/travel/2015/11/17/loaded-semiautomatic-weapon-passed-undetected-through-tsa-checkpoint/75921216/)
Bawling. The child was bawling. Not balling. Bawling. 
The terrorists have won.
Next week:

"TSA chops off 8-year-old's hand because he pointed with his thumb up, and it looked too much like a gun."
Woody was right... Buzz can't fly. 

EDIT: thanks for the gold kind stranger!
This bullshit security theater nonsense has to end. What does throwing away a little boy's toy do to protect us against terrorism? Fuck you, TSA. 
Everyone should've started doing a "U-S-A" chant. 
Okay, so they said "replicas must be checked," not "replicas nust be confiscated... And by confiscated, we mean thrown into the trash." Fuck these evil people.
These idiots [fail to catch real security threats 95% of the time](http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/01/politics/tsa-failed-undercover-airport-screening-tests/), so I guess we should be glad that at least they're confiscating *something*.

Incidentally, I'd be willing to bet that one of the kids of some TSA agent just got a new Buzz Lightyear toy.
This is what we get by allowing the TSA to focus on hiring HS dropout intelligence level people.  Seriously, last week they let an actual gun on a plane, this week they take away a plastic neon colored toy from a kid?!
&gt;Looks like a gun therefore a gun. 

Okay man. Sure. That makes sense. 
Maybe it will have a fanciful adventure with the [toy gun they confiscated off a Woody doll](http://i.imgur.com/6qQkPxK.jpg "when are we going to accept that this country has a toy profiling problem") back in [2014](http://fox2now.com/2014/02/12/toy-story-woody-toy-gun-confiscated-by-airport-security/)
Sounds like a plot for Toy Story 4.
I love how right after we read that report about how the TSA fails 95% of the time, we've had 1 story about how a guy was able to get a loaded gun into the plane with him, and another about how they confiscated a toy that looks nothing like a gun and then threw it in the trash...

Why does the TSA exist still? It is literally like we are throwing taxpayer money down the drain with those idiots.
Wow, that fucking transcript.

"He immediately starts just balling"

Yeah, severe grief makes me start playing basketball too. WTF news? You no have basic vocab?
TSA You are a sad, strange little man, and you have my pity. farewell
The TSA has to be the most useless government agency ever created.  At what point are we simply going to decide that was a bad idea and get rid of it?

Clearly, while children hijack planes with plastic ray-guns ALL THE TIME, this incident was an outlier.
why is the dad making a duck face
[deleted]
Way back in the day, I was a little tike flying home with my family from Disney.  And I had a new prized possession.

A replica musket from the Pirates of the Caribbean ride.  Then we found out it couldn't come on the plane.  So they directed us somewhere, we got a box, and mailed it back home.

I see their policy for anything remotely resuming a firearm to not be allowed on the plane is still in effect.  And I don't have a problem with it. 

But what kind of heartless, souless fucktard takes a kids toy and throws it away?  There has got to be some kind of policy that was broken or not followed. 
Do they confiscate elderly people's grabber arms too? 
That really pisses me off that they threw it away in front of the kid. In the damn trash! No reason for that. If it were *really* necessary to take the toy and not allow it on the plane then fine, but why throw it in the trash in front of the boy? Someone could have came over and nicely convinced the boy to allow them to "borrow" Buzz to help with their security. They could have told him one of many easily made up stories about how his special toy could help keep people safe if they are allowed to keep it. I could have easily talked to that boy for 2 minutes until he was insisting that I take his Buzz Lightyear. It's not hard to do, he's a little boy, so he's gullible by nature. And that white lie would have not only felt a lot better than throwing the toy away in front of him, it could have possibly made his entire day.

Was 2 extra minutes too much to spare to keep a child happy? Jeez. 
Oh, this makes me mad. From the article

&gt;"We understand that things are scary out there ..."

Not really actually. You are the adult in the situation, grow a spine. You live in one of the safest countries in the world, any one saying it isn't safe is trying to control you through your fear.
The TSA lets a man with a loaded gun on the plane, but confiscates a child's toy. Makes sense to me
So it looks like and gun and it looks like a threat so throw it in the trash? If it was a damn threat why through it in the trash?  What is wrong with these idiots.
My brother was in New York with my parents a few months after 9/11, and as he was going through security, TSA took his brand new GI Joe's guns. They told him he could keep the soldier, but they had to take the little, toy, plastic guns.
Of course, they'd always refer to it as "A Buzz Lightyear souvenir" and never "Your Buzz Lightyear souvenir".
Lets the guns in

Throws away toys
The TSA needs to be abolished.
Does Buzz have a gun? I thought he had a lazer on his arm?
FedEx or UPS should have kiosks in airports, selling boxes, so people can just ship what would otherwise be thrown away. 

Yeah, I know there are holes in this idea, but it sounds like a good start. 
The dad does a pretty admirable try at Blue Steel in the thumbnail tho.
To douchebaggery and beyond
I feel like every time I hear the words "____ is looking into the incident" its code for "Please forget about this as we have already."
NO! It can't be TRUE! 
So, 97% of hazardous items get through TSA search during a federal investigation and then recently a guy accidentally carried on a load gun, but this kid can't have a toy and I can't have my toothpaste. Wtf. This is what happens when policy gets in the way of common sense. We need to rid TSA or do a massive overhaul on their procedures and empathy classes for their employees. 
[Adam Ruins the TSA](https://youtu.be/-LDzOi1dyAA)
95% of Test weapons make it through TSA checks but 100% of Buzz Light year's don't. 
This looks like a job by Floridaman
&gt; That's not flying
*"To imbecility, and beyond!"* -- new TSA motto
*TO INFINITY AND ALLAH HU AKHBAR*
This one takes the cake for me. The sheer retardedness... these people can't even pass a test to check for actual firearms and weapons, but they have the audacity to take a toy from a child.
Same thing happened to me when I was 5 or 6, I had bought my brother a toy light saber for his birthday and the TSA took it away.  August 2002
It wouldn't surprise me if the TSA agent later took that toy out of the trash and gave it to his own kid.
Disneyland annual pass holder here. I'd gladly go to Disneyland, buy one of these, and ship it to the family. That's some fucking bullshit. 
These are the same people who, the last time I visited the US for Thanksgiving, made my non-English-speaking 5-year-old son and I wait two hours for them to find a translator to ask him privately who I was and why we were traveling together.

They grew suspicious when they asked him what he was going to eat for Thanksgiving dinner, and instead of the correct answer "turkey", said "uh, rice?"

They also did NOT like it when I spoke his native language to him and told me to speak only English until we were through screening.

God I hate them so much. They're inhumane, ineffective, and incapable. Such a waste of taxpayer money. 
If only the real guns they didn't catch were made out of plastic and bright green and purple.
If someone can hijack a plane using this toy, they probably deserve the plane anyway,
Meanwhile real guns get on the planes ALL THE TIME. 

Idiots. They do nothing to protect us. 
I bet you anything, the mom or dad made a sarcastic comment like anyof us would when they "inspected" the toy and the TSA agent threw it out to be a sputeful dick.

I worked as a baggage boy at the airport, we all made fun of TSA.

Guess what they do at one of the top 5 biggest US cities *international* airport? They sit in the bag rooms not even paying attention to the bags, monitors or anything, they just sat there playing on their phones the entire time... ON AN INTERNATIONAL check line.

Fucking jokes, we talked shit to them anytime we could...  
TSA is doing great job keeping kids' toy guns off planes.  Now, if only they could find real ones:  "...undercover investigators were able to smuggle mock explosives or banned weapons through checkpoints in 95 percent of trials..." From http://abcnews.go.com/US/exclusive-undercover-dhs-tests-find-widespread-security-failures/story?id=31434881
Is the dad trying to pull off a Blue Steel or Magnum?
I don't understand how it's legal to throw a firearm in the trash to begin with. 
These types of stories always make me feel the terrorists won
The TSA once dumped out all my cough medicine and ruined my clothes. They have got to be one of the most unprofessional and incompetent agencies. They let a man with a loaded gun onto a plane, then they turn around and do this kind of shit. They're like a public school with a "zero tolerance policy" that won't let a kid bring his inhaler but fails to stop everyone else from smoking pot in the bathroom.
This explains why they missed 95% of the weapons the testers tried to bring through security.  

They obviously don't know what firearms look like.
But think of all of the genuine terrorist incidents they have prevented through their diligence and following the rules!

...Oh wait.  There have been none.  And all that for only $7.3 billion per-year.

Your taxes at work!
"And there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere..."
They insisted my wife throw out our daughters snow white cup because it had a tiny snow globe at the base (about the size of a large grape, with glitter in it) because "no liquids on the plane greater then 3 oz).  (it was less then that, and completely sealed).  At any rate, my wife told the agent "if you want it in the trash then you take it from her and throw it away."  The agent sheepishly took the cup out of my 4 year old's hand and threw it in the trash, while my daughter glared at him the whole time.  "Security Theater"  puts on a nice show, doesn't actually do anything.  
Sounds to me like some TSA agent is doing their christmas shopping at work. 
And, yet, a guy with a LOADED GUN in his carry on got through TSA no problems in Atlanta and no one was the wiser until he said something. TSA doesn't do anything but waste your time and look at your xray nudie photos. 

edit: for grammar. 
It is because of the body scan.

The cop saw the kid had a bigger dick than him.
[deleted]
TSA are a bunch of untrained monkeys who get off on hurting people emotionally. I wouldn't even be surprised if they were intentionally hired because of that personality trait. If the TSA hires a bunch of grotesque inconsiderate bullies than people will police themselves so they have to deal with the TSA as little as possible. These are the type of people that make up excuses to bring people in a back room and grope them and finger them. Worst part is they are legally allowed to do it. Bunch of disgusting pigs. 
Anyone who thinks that Buzz Lightyear toy looks like a gun is too stupid to be working at an airport.
Never thought I'd seen an agency that the American people universally thought needed to be cut. 

Let's get rid of them forever.   Things were fine before.   They provide no saftey that we didn't already have. 
Can someone find me the toy he lost? Maybe the peoples info? I would really like to buy him a new one. 

If the kid wanted to keep the souvenir, he would have been better of getting a real, loaded gun.

http://fox59.com/2015/11/16/passenger-brings-loaded-gun-to-airport-passes-tsa-and-boards-plane/
The TSA has NEVER found an actual bomb, but they sure as hell are glad to take toys from kids... What the fuck....
[deleted]
Feeling safe.... 
Yes, because a Buzz Lightyear looks *so much* like a gun.
this after they let a guy with a loaded gun board a plane
Well I feel safer.
and yet they couldnt find the loaded gun that guy accidently had with him. guess the buzz laser is way more dangerous
The TSA through out my pillow and blanket claiming it could have smallpox or other concomitants in it
I got a [push pop](https://www.google.com/search?q=push+pop&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=989&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0CAYQ_AUoAWoVChMIqu3ih7mayQIVJuSmCh2G7wC_) taken away from me at Zurich's airport because it was a "security risk". This was before Sept. 11, 2001. I opened it and licked it before giving it to them. Bastards.
Have you not seen the TSA employees?!!  Morons. 
Take that, ISIS!
Yet you can take a cellphone or a laptop on a plane with no issue at all even though you can easily explode the battery. Again, it's not about safety, it's about doing what you're told, when you're told. 
OK Disney, make it right, send the kid a new toy! 
I came back from CA once with a lightsaber I'd built at Disneyland. The TSA guy at LAX pulled it out and checked it-it was a tube full of batteries and wires-but after he checked it out and realized what it was there wasn't a problem.

This was very bad judgement by an individual. And hopefully that individual gets some better training or a new job.
Yet a loaded gun made it through....
Christ, they could've at least mailed it home for the kid or something...
In the TSA's defense, they had just finished watching [this video](https://youtu.be/NsKaCS3CtsY?t=11s). ^^Tasteless ^^content ^^warning
TSA is what happens when the state gives idiots power.

Someone made a lot of money "creating" and equipping this "agency". Now the monster is fully grown up and independent.

LMAO! The toy doesn't even look like a gun. It's green and orange and looks like a toy.

TSA, wow, just wow. If you thought the toy looked like a 'replica gun' than you don't know what a gun looks like and you should be replaced by a professional.
*bawling
Greatest country on earth!
WTF the TSA throws out everything buy guns! ARe they fucking stupid?
I may be missing something here but what's oniony about this title? Sure, it's stilly that the TSA did that but it's not a title that's a toss-up where you don't know if it's an onion article or not.
Come on they are white. Discriminate better tsa! 
I've come to the conclusion that even the TSA agents are fed up with the TSA and are purposely trying to get it shut down.
Coming days after the tsa failed to catch a loaded firearm brought onto a plane via a guys carry on bag, wonderful publicity and proof of their incompetence. As it is called all over on reddit, security theater.
Everything said in the video is written in the article below the video. Just use one! Is that lazy journalism?  
Best advice I've heard (unfortunately can't remember where it came from) is to request a receipt for the item so you can claim it as a business expense or whatever. That requires a supervisor to sign off on and most of the time the TSA supervisor will look at the non-prohibited item, look at the idiot employee, and let you keep your item and tell the employee to stop wasting people's time. 
I was flying not too long ago in the states and one of my kids had a pocket knife in his backpack (inadvertently brought on).

they let us go to a counter and mail it to ourselves (rather than throw it in the trash).

isn't this service available everywhere?

or did I get lucky w/ my airline, local TSA bureau?
After our last vacation to Disney, my 5-year-old son proudly carried his WDW pin collection with him in the Orlando airport. It was in a folding pin wallet. TSA took the wallet from him, scrutinized each pin separately, and unceremoniously tossed the disassembled bunch into a tray.  

When I put everything back in place, the nicest two pins were missing.  They simply weren't in the tray where the agent dumped the rest.  He obviously took the pins, and one was a pretty cool Hollywood Studios Rock 'n Roller Coaster pin that had a nifty guitar pick in it.  When I asked where the rest of the pins were, he scowled and shouted, "Get movin', yer holding up the line!" 

I wrote letters of complaint to both the TSA and to Disney, the latter because I thought they might be able to exert some influence on an organization that negatively impacts their tourism trade.  Unsurprisingly, the TSA never responded, but Disney's response was awesome.  I received a replacement pin set, including the one with the guitar pick, and a warm letter saying they sympathized with my plight and wanted my son to have happy memories.

A week later, a Disney park representative followed up.  He apologized for my situation and informed me that it happens all the time, unfortunately.  As much as people rag on Disney for its exorbitant pricing, they know how to keep customers happy.
Didn't they miss an actual gun a few days ago? Feel safe?
The thing has a frickin' LAZER BEAM on it guys, come on! 
I've had very nice experiences with airport security in other countries, even China. When I went to China in 2009, I flew out of Hong Kong with nunchaku in my backpack, my luggage had already been checked. The security scrutinized it, and I politely asked them if there was any way to not have it be destroyed (they were very nice nunchaku). They had me wait a minute, and when someone had a bag too big to go in the overhead on my flight, they let me politely ask him to put them in the bag, which he did not mind. We exchanged phone #'s and I thanked the security manager who assisted me, as he probably figured a 16 year old white kid with a US passport was just a bit careless. When I got to LAX, sure enough I get a text from him at baggage claim, he pulls them out and gives them to me, and I gave him a $5 bill and we parted ways. 

The experience I had I would not get with the TSA in the US, I guaran-fucking-tee it. 
Alright sir, I'm just going to need to check inside yo asshole
So the logic goes

1. You can't bring guns on the plane.
2. This toy *looks like* a gun.

Therefore, you can't bring this toy on the plane.

Because if it looks like a gun, it *is* a gun... no?
My dad is an airline pilot and affectionately refers to all the TSA as, "Thousands Standing Around." Most of them are just ordinary citizens given WAY too much authority. This can go to their heads. He even told me that they can very easily revoke his Pilot License is they saw fit.  
Its no wonder the TSA has problems. They cant tell the difference between cheap decorated plastic and a real gun. Nevermind that they allow real guns through security per the latest fiasco. 
http://wfla.com/2015/11/16/tsa-failed-to-catch-man-with-loaded-gun-on-airplane/
There are certainly no options an agency could take when dealing with a child such as putting it in a bag and instructing the father to hold it, offer to put it in their luggage, offer to keep it in the cabin, mark it so that it has been approved by TSA. Airline transportation is about service and this agency does not understand the first thing about it. 
As a kid I flew with my brand new Megatron transformer.  It was transformed into the gun when it went through the X-ray machine.  THe agent made me transform it, I remember having a tough time because it was brand new to me and I was so nervous.  

http://i.imgur.com/JHrmniU.gif
Just keep in mind that the TSA is simply the illusion of security. The Department of Homeland Security oversight committee had an idea to test TSA's effectiveness, to do this, they visited several high traffic American airports with the intent of smuggling illegal items onboard. The results: TSA failed to detect explosives or firearms 95% of the time, 67 out of 70 mock explosives/guns made it past TSA. They are simply the illusion of security and nothing more.

Source: [TSA SUCKS](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/investigation-breaches-us-airports-allowed-weapons-through-n367851) 

[Another source showing TSA sucks](http://www.cnn.com/videos/us/2015/06/01/tsa-fails-95-percent-of-airport-security-tests-marsh-sot.cnn)

Edit: wanted to rant and bitch about how they stole my Caribbean jerk seasoning for pork, chicken, and steaks.... Those MFs wouldn't let me ship it and threw it in a trashcan right in front of me. This was a clearly marked package, sealed, and wrapped in plastic (not to mention it was a dry powder, not a liquid.)
I would have said "no, let me speak to your supervisor right now". Then I would have been speaking to a supervisor or fighting someone. This is why I can't have kids. I would constantly be fighting people. Some times even kids. Maybe even your kids. I don't wanna live that life or be that guy.
Zero tolerance policy = zero thinking policy.

I really can't imagine this was anything more than an excuse for that TSA agent to be a dick to a kid. You'd have to do a lot of mental gymnastics to justify how a child's action figure held by a child is a security threat.
&gt;The agency is looking into the incident.

The agency isn't going to do jackshit about the incident.
Can confirm the silliness.  My son's transformer was confiscated because it could be turned into either a robot or car!  [insert transformer sound]  Nooooo!   Terror alert!   
This headline isn't the least bit oniony.
what a dick. i brought that exact toy home a few months ago with my kid.

the tsa is suck a fucking waste of money!
Disney should get in on this and have a rep contact the family. Throw them a bunch of goodies like a $100 voucher and a day in the park plus hotel or something.

It would be amazing PR.
This is literally something you would see on a Saturday Night Live parody of the TSA.
Too inept a human being for the police force? Or the army? Or Fast Food? JOIN THE TSA!
Let's review what we've learned in the last two days;

* Buzz Lightyear toy?

***Dangerous Weapon!***


* An actual, _loaded_ handgun?

Totally harmless.
Does anyone really believe the TSA is smart enough to protect us from a real threat? They are worthless.
So wait a minute, earlier this week the TSA lets some guy with a handgun walk right onto a plane without a second thought and today they're calling this toy claw thing a dangerous weapon? And the acceptable method for disposing of dangerous weapons is to throw them in the trash? Are we all still on the same planet here? Seriously, the TSA should mail this kid some fucking prizes, and then replace all the security working at the airport. This airline security thing is a joke, and TSA agents get paid way too much money to make such silly mistakes at such an important position. &lt;/rant&gt;
"YOU ARE A TOY! You aren't the real Buzz Lightyear! You're an action figure! You are a *child's* **PLAY THING**"
The TSA is just keeping us safe from all the dangers of the world. This 5 year old was most definitely a covert agent from ISIS. I am thankful that they discovered his hidden ISIS tattoo and threw away his secret explosive device. Looks like a gun, really a bomb. Terrorists are really getting creative these days. Luckily, the TSA was really on top of things. A disaster was averted today.

If the TSA wasn't effective, we would have bad things happen. Such as people bringing a loaded gun onto an airplane, from somewhere like Atlanta, or any other major airport.
If the people meant to screen potential threats can't even tell the difference between a tiny toy gun and a real gun, why should anybody trust their judgment? :)
God I hate the TSA so much. When I was a kid I back from Boston and I had this miniature baseball bat of the Red Sox. I bought it as a souvenir...they chucked it right into the trash. Why the fuck did they feel the need to throw away an 8-inch long piece of wood? Did they think somehow I, a little 10-year old, would hijack the plane with a tiny baseball bat? Jesus christ
They probably just throw it in the "trash" and then the TSA employees take them home and resell them at yard sales.
Damn children trying to smuggle in illegal aliens.
"It look too much like a gun and you can't bring guns on a plane" 

Meanwhile in Atlanta, a man gets through security with a *loaded* pistol. OK, TSA. 
Read the article and all I could think of was "duckface."
USA, bringing daily doses of amusement to us sane people.
&gt; And since the TSA requires realistic replicas of firearms to be checked, the TSA agents at the Fort Lauderdale International Airport took the toy.

Any reasonable person could mistake a buzz lightyear toy for a Glock...
http://wfla.com/2015/11/16/tsa-failed-to-catch-man-with-loaded-gun-on-airplane/ 

I'm just going to leave this here. :/
The souvenir was made of materials that according to the state of california may cause cancer.  It had to be done.
95% failure rate, I'm going to keep bringing this up every time the TSA is brought up just because of how pathetic of a number it is.
Oh yeah, the same TSA that unknowingly let a man board a plane with a loaded gun... http://fox59.com/2015/11/16/passenger-brings-loaded-gun-to-airport-passes-tsa-and-boards-plane/ but at least we're safe from buzz lightyear
Years of academy training wasted
That is fan-fucking-tastic, they fail to catch 95% of actual problems but they nab the buzz light year toy. I feel so safe! 
why is the dad making a duck face
That shit didn't go in the trash. It was confiscated for that TSA agents kids Christmas gift. And I highly doubt a Buzz Lightyear toy looks anything close to a real gun. 
This coming out the day after the TSA failed to catch a guy with a loaded gun on the plane.
"this is buzz light year this is my gun..."
Merica, land of the free!
"Not suitable for children under 3 years old, or to be inspected by those with a mental age under 3 years old."
Surely Disney has sent this kid a replacement by now, no?
Well no wonder the TSA failed 97% of the time when tested.  They are confused on what a real or realistic weapon is. Idiots.  

It kills me that there were probably more than one person from the TSA involved in this and not one of them thought about it?  At that point they are assholes.  Throw it in the garbage... that makes total sense.
None of this would make me mad if they managed to catch actual weapons.
It really is scary to see how Inhumane the people working for our government agencies are , totally void of morality and judgement 
Wonder which tsa employee took it home to their kid?
Back in the 90s (yeah I know it was pre-September 2001) I went do Disney world and got a fake rifle with a retractable hammer,  it was about 3 feet long, but a good look at it and you could tell it was fake.   Wanting to bring it on the plane with me posed a problem, so my parents were told I wasn't allowed to bring it on the plane with me unless it was in a box and in the cargo hold.   No problem,   They actually found a box and put it in cargo.  It's pretty sad that a fucking action figure/ doll is passed off as a national security threat. When you know that the tsa agent just wanted to steal that for their kid/nephew 
Good job, TSA. Keep up the good work.

Without you, who else would we pay ridiculous amounts of tax payer money to not actually do anything productive for society whatsoever?

... besides Kim Davis.
To be fair, if you get to security with an item you can't bring on the plane, you can go stuff it in your checked bag or mail it home to yourself. If you choose neither option, yeah, they're just going to toss it. They obviously chose to leave the item and are now making a mountain out of a molehill. 
Just went through security yesterday, they confiscated the world's tiniest swiss army knife that I forgot that I had buried in my bag.  This thing was literally 1" long.  A pencil would do more damage.
It's brightly-colored and lights up for fucks sake! If you're running scared from a toddler flashing lights at you, you're the problem.
https://www.tsa.gov/travel/transporting-firearms-and-ammunition

Interesting....
"Once he realized what was happening, that they weren't giving his toy back, he immediately starts balling, just tears streaming down his face, crying," said David Zilka.

I just imagine the kid whipping out a basketball and dunking over the TSA agent, crying uncontrollably like "You made me do this"
Theater!
This is some Dick Dastardly level of villainy.  

"I'll take your children's toys and then throw them in the trash right in front of their eyes.  NYAAAH, NYAAAAH, MUSTACHE-TWIRL NYAAAAH!!!"
Really? Scan the damn thing and get them through. Realistic Replica *of a buzz lightbeer* maybe.
Of course they would confiscate it, it wasn't a real gun...
Hey charlie come check this out.

Does this look like a gun to you? Yes.

Should we feel threaten by it? I think so, let me check to book.

Can he bring down a plane with it? Probably

I'm sorry sir but we cannot let your child board the plane with this toy as we cannot guarantee the safety of the other passengers and the intentions of your child to use this toy as a weapon of mass destruction or as a simple toy.
Please proceed to the anal cavity search line for further inspection.
I'm just going to post [this Key &amp; Peele sketch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHfiMoJUDVQ) anytime a story on the TSA pops up.
does anyone have an image of such a "gun"?
If Disney gets word of this story, they'll probably send him a new one for free, with a few other gifts thrown in.  They're pretty good like that.

Problem:  I have no idea how to make Disney aware of this story.  My source of information only works in one direction. :(
Disney world supports terrorist.

Mickey mouse needs to be shot down for his crimes against humanity in radicalizing your children in trying to bring down America with toys

there I said it.
I can't help but imagine the TSA worker as [Mr. Reality](http://4.images.southparkstudios.com/images/shows/south-park/clip-thumbnails/season-19/1905/south-park-s19e05c14-reality-strikes-back_16x9.jpg?quality=0.8) from South Park.
"Enjoy your plane ride everyone"
New TSA rule: Children may not take [hands](http://imgur.com/PgWZFrm) on the plane


Thank goodness, I am so relieved to know our skies are that much safer now...crisis adverted, now put that kid in Guantanamo /sarc
Relevant video: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LDzOi1dyAA
I'm sure if they e-mailed Disney about the situation Disney would send them a brand new one in the mail. They're all about customer satisfaction. I had a cousin who bought a snowglobe at Disney and couldn't bring it on the plane, he talked to Disney about it and they sent one free of charge to him. 
TSA: We can't stop adults with real guns from getting onto planes, but we sure can make a small child cry!
So there is a toy that TSA has deemed "resembles or could be mistaken as a gun" and their solution of disposal is to throw it in the trash?  If they are throwing it in the trash doesn't this suggest that they don't deem the item as an actual threat?
There is no more convincing empirical evidence that the terrorist won than the fact that it's 2015 and the TSA is still a thing.  
America. Where both the smartest and dumbest people live. Mostly dumb. 
It's amazing they confiscate that one; however, they failed to miss the one that looks like (is) a real gun with real bullets just a couple of days ago. 

http://wfla.com/2015/11/16/tsa-failed-to-catch-man-with-loaded-gun-on-airplane/
It's funny they caught the toy gun and not this one:

http://www.11alive.com/story/news/local/2015/11/16/metro-atlanta-man-takes-loaded-handgun-plane-chicago/75909956/
I guess noone told this kid buzzlightyear can't fly. He falls with style.
What if Buzz Lightyear tried to chase after the boy, but now is lost?
Yet they still couldn't find the gun. 
Me thinks he'll be getting another one very soon.
Did the father just sit there and take it, or did he make a scene? 

I would've told them to fuck off and riled up all the other people standing in line by yelling, "They want to throw his toy out!" 

Getting an angry mob involved would not be pleasant for them.
The terrorists are winning. 
Man the TSA really sucks, a guy can bring a loaded gun on to a plane but a kid can't bring a toy. They need to make sure that all people are checked moderately not some people getting checked like crazy and some people just strolling onto a plane

Here's the article: 
http://fox59.com/2015/11/16/passenger-brings-loaded-gun-to-airport-passes-tsa-and-boards-plane/
What if all of these horror cases are actually ISIS supporters sending people through with things they think might get taken, and they're actually using all the negative media to break down the TSA so that eventually it dissolves and they can resume their terrorist activities
I know it's just picking nits, but the correct word is bawl. The journalist uses the word ball inappropriately in the article. If this were a reddit osteoporosis it would be one thing, but this comes from a news source.
No Buzz on the plane but earlier in the week a story about a dude carrying a loaded gun on the plane made rounds.  TSA Annual Budget: 7.39 BILLION.  To take a kid's toy.

Surely we can do better for 7.39 Billion dollars.
How can someone who lacks the critical thinking skills to realize what is and isn't a safety issue be responsible for increasing security and safety anywhere?
What idiots. Get your kid a loaded handgun next time. I've heard the TSA doesn't bother with those. 
I bet this is the same toy I brought my son back from Disneyworld this Summer. I did not have it in a checked bag and no one gave me grief. Pretty weak of the TSA
It wouldn't be so infuriating if TSA did their job right more than 4% of the time.
See, they can find passengers [carrying guns](http://wfla.com/2015/11/16/tsa-failed-to-catch-man-with-loaded-gun-on-airplane/) through security. Checkmate, critics.
(meanwhile, dude with [actual gun](http://fox59.com/2015/11/16/passenger-brings-loaded-gun-to-airport-passes-tsa-and-boards-plane/) strolls casually by)
TAIWAN #1
&gt; Indeed, the issue of sovereignty is so fraught that at the Singapore meeting neither leader referred to the other as "president," addressing each other as "Mr" instead. They also split the dinner bill, according to reports.

THEY SPLIT THE DINNER BILL?! Wow!
Just in case they hadn't pissed EVERYONE off.
ISIS supports N.Korea as best Korea, S.Korea retaliates and joins coalition. ISIS revokes their support and states that S.Korea is the one, true Korea. N.Korea joins the coalition. Two steps closer to the global coalition against IS. Soon they'll be aggravating the islander nations in the pacific into joining. 
The IS campaign to piss off every single world power is pretty good. Its almost as if they WANT war. 
In the next video they'll tell Kim Jong Un that margaritas are gay.
Next they'll raise a confederate flag.
ISIS: We've brutally killed a lot of people!

China: ... *goes to do their own thing*

ISIS: ...we recognize the state of Taiwan as an independent nation.

China: OH NO YOU DIDN'T!!! DAMN YOU!!
To anyone who hasn't understood it yet, IS is basically a doomsday cult and not your regular terrorist group with political goals. IS wants to get as fast as possible towards their apocalypse scenario.   
They have a checklist of events that must happen before the apocalypse and one of the first major events is a ground battle in northern Syria. So that's why they are trying hard to get foreign infantry into the region. So their biggest dream is that the entire situation escalates.
Taiwan shakes its and head vigorously and says, "We're not that desperate."
This is by far their worst crime to date! Will someone please think of the children!!!
http://i.imgur.com/RGt0X1A.gif
Wow, what a strategy! Who's next to receive an invitation for setting up diplomatic relationship with those guys? Northern Ireland? Basque Country? Confederate States of America? German Democratic Republic? Would that lead to an alternative UN (like in a parallel universe)? Maybe with a HQ in the USSR...
I'd think they'd be great entertainment ~~of~~ if they didn't actually kill people
As a Taiwanese person...I am confused as to how I should feel. 

Relevant GIF: http://imgur.com/bZNjJll

This is probably a terrible reaction, but my country's flag isn't in there and I'm kind of relieved to know they don't care about us.
These fucks are like a murderous Westboro Baptist Church. They be trollin' hard. 
NOW THEY'VE GONE TOO FAR
I was like ... ARE THEY FUCKING INSANE ?

but then I realised that they are and we actually know that for long time ...
Macedonia is there. Macedonia, one of the poorest countries in the world, with population of 2 million, and army of 24,000. Moldova is there as well. And so are Greece, Turkey, Romania, Slovenia, Serbia, and Albania. My country, Bulgaria, is not.

The list also includes Saudi Arabia. Yeah, right, we'll believe you guys—*"See?! They are* **TOTALLY** *not funding us!"*

One starts to wonder if ISIS just played "world flag bingo" with this "infographic". 
ISIS is just trolling. They don't recognize any government other than their own.
China could use a few oil fields right?
Taiwan: Um, no thanks, it's cool.
ISIS are probably the greatest trolls the Internet has ever seen. With that being said, I hope we kill them all. 
This may be one of the most misleading headlines I've seen (I'm blaming CNBC for this, not OP - who copied the headline verbatim). 

ISIS releases a list of 60 countries they say have formed a coalition against them. Taiwan is on that list. So the story, for CNBC, is that ISIS's recognition of Taiwan will upset China. 

That's like a serial killer releasing a list of 60 people he's going to kill. And the headline is that one of the persons listed might get upset because their ex-wife is on the list as well. 
Please please please keep provoking world super powers ISIS you dumb fucks
Heeeey, the Philippines isn't on there!  No need to worry about ISIS for us!

Also, that is some top-tier trolling there.
Fak yoeu, baby 
I'm still waiting for Ashton Kutcher to jump out from around the corner.  
Taiwan #1!
That akward moment when you recognise the country by threatening to destroy it.
[Welcome to the club] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_relations_of_Taiwan#Entities_with_full_diplomatic_relations_with_Taiwan) 
China should only be batting an eye if they took ISIS seriously. Why do they even care?
Don't understand the ISIS foreign policy. Even terrorists groups never go out of their way to antagonize even single powerful nation out there. China, Russia, USA, France. That's 4 out of 5 permanent members in the UN. If ever humanity momentarily came together for a noble cause, let it please be against ISIS. 
Meanwhile Taiwan is like, "Nah, it's cool. You really shouldn't have."
That's oddly really cute. I wish Taiwan got more recognition because it's a vastly superior country to the mainland. Pretty bullshit.
TAIWAN NO.1
TAIWAN NUMBUH WON!
To be fair, China needs a kick up the bum to recognise Taiwan and Tibet. But not from shits like ISIS. Come on governments of the world. If ISIS is getting the moral high ground over you, you need to fix something.
Interesting that Switzerland is on the list.
china numba four. usa numba ten
I think it is much less about recognsing Taiwan and more about pissing off China- it would work very well in Isis's favour because China is so large, it has a fairly large Muslim minority in it's south west which the state is very keen to suppress and force to conform- I think there have even been a few terrorist incidents from the Muslim minority. So if they could get the support of that minority, that's just more recruits or homegrown terrorists. 
because it went so well for everyone involved the last time there was a fight between the middle east and a communist country.
Now that's quality trolling
I know Isis are the bad guys but this is hilarious
Are these guys secretly trying to unify the world governments or something?
I'm sure Taiwan is like "hey...not...no. No thank you, guys."
ISIS seems to have a really astute intelligence agency feeding them all the best lines.
It's like they're *actively trying* to piss off every major world power.
The poor 12 year old who made the graphic just stole the list of flags from wikipedia.
Like kicking a sleeping bear in the ass
I guess their strategy consists of "what would piss these people off?" "GO DO IT!"

They're like internet trolls except they actually kill people.
It's because the Islamic state is not fighting for religion  they are a death cult they are trying to trigger the apocalypse. They are trying to get at least 80 nations to fight them and the battle has to take place in dabiq in Syria when that happens the apocalypse will start. According to them 
Who gives a fuck what ISIS declare? FFS most of them probably didn't even graduate high school, much less even go to high school. 
"when waking a tiger, best to use a long stick" 

- Mao Tse Tung 
What about Tibet and Xinjiang? They deserve freedom also.
Well that proves my theory.

ISIS is the US Navy.
I really think they want to die.
Even idiots get something right once in a while.
So they are just basically trolls living in there moms stone hut basements ,drinkin goats milk. 
So, here's why this is very weird to me:  I read this  [article](http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/) about what Isis *really* wants, and one of the things it says is that in the Isis paradigm, to recognise other states is ideological suicide. Voting (even for a pro-ISIS political party) is not okay, recognising governments is just not on.  Oly the Caliphate is official, everyone else is just a murder waiting to happen.  But their propaganda videos can recognise states *strategically* to piss off other states?  Sounds fishy.
They've gone too far this time...
I'm waiting for ISIS to rile up good old North Korea ..........
Now China's going to nuke all of Syria and Iran and few other states just for good measure :-D
Let's not feed their propaganda by calling them a 'State' . Let's call them Dash; individual members are Dashies.

At this point im starting to believe that ISIS is just trolling.
This is getting fªcking childish.  
"Among these is the Taiwanese flag. All the other flags are of sovereign nations."

Since when is CNN a Chinese colony? Taiwan *is* a sovereign nation (at least as much as other US-influenced countries), with the name *Republic of China*. China's "one-china" policy is kinda like the Islam caliphate's concept of one pan-Arab state--its mostly about nationalism, not really sovereignty.
Is no crime too barbaric for these people?!
TAIWAN NO. 1!
Jimmies rustled
That's actually hilarious. 10/10 trolling. Who could have thought that ISIS leaders have a sense of humor.
Hey, Taiwan needs all the friends it can get!

*Not* pictured on ISIS's enemies list: Israel. Hmm...
Lets be real here. Taiwan is 100% it's own country. China dismissing them is basically the same as if England tried to say America is still just a British colony.
TAIWAN NUMBAA WAAN
This is a nice way to provoke the chinese . They didnt even need a terrorist attack all they made was a video of "Taiwan Number ONe Chinese number Zero".
Why do I have a feeling that, should China intervene on the planet for the first time, it will be a "oh shit and I thought the American military was huge" moment. Plus I guess China would have actually the best chance at pacifying that whole region.

You do religious nonsense? Away with you to wokcamp!
Why is our country on that list, we are harmless cheese eating and weed smoking folks. We done nothing to them.
Well.  That was nice of them, I suppose.  

Call it all off boys, they're just misunderstood!
wow i read china as chile and was wondering wtf is happening...smh
"Czech Republi"

Good they don't know about us, looks like Czech Republic is safe.
What's next for their 12 days of Troll-mas? Declaring Star Wars episodes 1-3 better than 4-6?
I'm sure they didn't do this intentionally. 

I mean.. Cmon! They just post the flag. No one in the propaganda literally said that taiwan is sovereign country. This is just one of those case where there's not much happening in the world today, that news agencies made up their own news...

Also, Taiwan is de facto a sovereign country whether china admit it or not.. 
Let them fight.
I'm pretty sure the only reason they recognised Taiwan is so that they have another country they can claim attacks against. 
So what can China do with this? To condemn IS intervening its domestic politics?
NOW they've done it, pissing off China.
IsIs may aswell just give up now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvJF0j-RLxk

So IS have pissed off the US, Europe, Russia and China in a short amount of time. I'm pretty sure they're trying to unite the world's feuding superpowers through sheer hatred alone now.
These guys keep surprising me in how spectacularly dumb they can be. 
If it'll piss another country off, ISIS will do it regardless of anything else. They're the psychotic younger sibling of nation states.
ISIS is the most successful troll in the world. 
They are literally doing everything they can to puss off as many people as they can.  Why? Just because they're diluted zealots? 
They're like the third grader that keeps telling bad your mom jokes to the sixth grade class and keeps throwing rocks at their face. 

Talk about poking the hornets nest. 
By recognizing Taiwan as a nation, ISIS is now formal declare war on Taiwan.
Lol, you've gotta admit, these people know no fear. The simultaneously get Russia and China to declare war on them in like a week, and then to piss China off even more, they talk about Taiwan. That's impressive. 
Not the recognition that Taiwan wanted
I don't know how to feel right now...
Did they watch Angrypug's channel on twitch?
So... where's this english video by ISIS that I head so much about? Can't find it anywhere.
46 on the list? wtf ISIS we're better then that.

About a 10-20 at least... though it wouldn't be the first time we were rank at the bottom. *cough* Eurovision *cough*
Well played. 
Oh my god this is hilarious.
ffs how is this not just propaganda making it easier on Western minds to blow up Syria?
There's going to be a day when they piss everyone off and they all come to Syria and Iraq and wipe them all out.  
Now they're really fucked. 
As a resident of Taiwan for nearly 10 years, makes me happy to see the flag on the front page of Reddit. Not happy however as to why its on the front page, but at least Daesh knows Taiwan is a country and NOT a province. 
Are they trying to piss every country off or just the big ones that could flatten them in a week?
Well now they've gone and done it.
How to alienate the rest of the world 101
Next they will make a video with movie reviews full of spoilers.
TAIWAN #1 
"Alright, now they've gone too far!"

[Now you fucked up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGp9P6QvMjY)
Canada: "Sorry you see us that way." Sends maple syrup sampler. 
I think the best part of the while article was when they both split the dinner Bill... God talk about a bitter break-up.
Just recently, a beauty pageant contestant was barred from entering into her event because she refused to change her name banner from Miss Taipei ROC to Miss Chinese Taipei

http://shanghaiist.com/2015/11/23/miss-earth-ting-wen-yin.php
Oh no, they pushed the "Taiwan" button. Now they're in for it.

For those not getting the reference, its from TeamFourStar's parody of DragonBall
Finally, ISIS and I are in agreement.
No its a reference to the club China could use a few years ago.
Keep going, Daesh! Let's see how many more states you can piss off; so far you've got the US, Russia, Iran, Israel, Turkey, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and France, and now you're working on China. What's your next genius move? Attacking the Carnival in Rio? Disrupting a Springboks game in Johannesburg? Praising Hitler and saying Germany's only gone downhill since the 40s?


lol what a stupid way to organize the countries

organization by geographical region makes much more sense
daesh trying to cause a stir in China now... (no capital letter for them)
A broken clock is still right twice a day. 
/r/pettyrevenge
That is some top level international political trolling. Have they acknowledged the Armenian genocide yet?
TIL Islamic State is a **splittist-clique**
I think ISIS is just trying to troll the entire world
Wow, isis really is shitting where they eat now aren't they?  Let's just piss off everyone on the playground.
So, let me get this straight.

ISIS is pissing off every single Nation. They're giving the finger literally to everyone. Russia, Cina, Europe, USA...they all want to destroy ISIS.
Also ISIS itself seems to be sort of a crazy religious cult.

Is it me or ISIS is a cliche bad guy from action movies?
Decent article, terrible website. 
Well....this totally wont make things awkward at all.
Add those to the ancient and confirmed prophesies of afsiougbpvibapuhnvpurgvaprgv, I think you mean our Lord and savory Easy Cheezus. all hail afsiougbpvibapuhnvpurgvaprgv Not much.
To be honest, I'd personally wouldn't mind if they didn't actually kill people *if Oh yeah, thanks This is by far their worst crime to date!
ISIS has got the troll thing down pat
They're just asking to get shit on
ISIS is officially doing good things so that they can do bad things? This is interesting.
I'm starting to think that ISIS is playing this like some crazy video game. They are going to start a bunch of wars all over the place pissing off all the big players who normally stick to themselves and keep their armies in their borders and try and get them all to bring all their armies to bear... all in the same place. The chances of tensions rising and someone fucking up is way too high and we have already seen Turkey piss of Russia on Nato's behalf. Maybe they are hoping that they will start a 3rd world war before they get wiped off the map or maybe they think even when they are gone so many people are going to want a peice of the pie and some revenge but they know that the US is going to jump in and "peace keep" the second ISIS surrenders denying the other pissed off major powers that satisfaction and causing a 3rd world war anyways. Reminds me of those gamey plays you can do when a you are a 1 province minor in EU4. Either way they are going for the "This is Total War" achievement.
Don't fuck with China Isis. If there's ever a country you absolutely don't fuck with its China...
Remember that speech Reagan made about about being threatened by an outside force is the only thing that would unite the people of the world? ......I think ISIS are aliens and Reagan called this shit when he opened relations with china.

God this is such a low blow.  Screw ISIS using Taiwan when they are already in such a precarious position.  I know everyone sees through this anyways, but Taiwan does legit need more countries recognizing them.   
This is some bullshit.
Especially when factoring in the face with a HQ in the 1800s when ireland was fully part of the same language as China in the world, with population of 2 million, and army of 24,000.
Does anyone have a list of the different nations they listed in their video?
ISIS somehow decides they're so empowered by God's "purpose" that they gave the finger to US, China and Russia. 
Oh no they did-nt!
Anyone have the link to the video?
Jet Masters
[This is probably how Taiwan is feeling right now.](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/YourApprovalFillsMeWithShame)
TAIWAN #3, FUCK YOU...BABY
TAIWAN NUMbah one!!!!
Is Taiwan a sand pit? Are Muslims there?
Wow. Huh. Ok, if the goal was to rile up China, then doing anything with Taiwan without Beijing's consent is definitely the way to go. Uhmm. S..smart move uh ISIS.
Everything IS does makes a kind of twisted sense once you understand the goal. The true Islamic Caliphate will not return, they assert, until there is an apocalyptic world-wide conflagration. Trying to bring Russia and China into a conflict with them that already involves most of the West is, from their point of view, merely acting in service to God's prophesy, and every one of them that dies in service to that prophesy is a guaranteed martyr.

If China wanted to piss off and terrify IS, all they'd have to do is announce that, while they vehemently oppose IS's goals, they're going to maintain the status quo and sit this one out.

Doing that and sticking to their guns (figuratively) would guarantee IS's failure to bring about the true Islamic Caliphate, and would demonstrate to the IS membership (not its leaders, likely) that they're just a rogue terrorist group, and not the holy warriors that their founders told them they were.

But every time they goad another nation into opposing them with force, the more their predictions to their members ring true, and the more fanatically loyal their members become.

I was never very good at countries in geography.

I could barely recognise the distinctive shape of Italy, never mind Taiwan
This whole ISIS thing is sketchy as fuck. Why would they go around pissing off every country? there's some scheming going on here. Who are the pawns and who is pulling the strings we'll find out once the dust settles.
That's just petty.
As if these uneducated apes knew shit about something.
Sounds legit.
Obligatory Taiwan is #1!
FREE TIBET
But... I thought Taiwan IS it's own country? I guess a little bit like how the US is it's own country in respect to Britain? I don't get it. 
ISIS ... unifying the world it seeks to destroy! What fascinating times we live in.
From the famous Atlantic article

&gt;Abu Baraa, who maintains a YouTube channel about Islamic law, says the caliph, Baghdadi, cannot negotiate or recognize borders, and must continually make war, or he will remove himself from Islam.

([source](http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/))

I think it's safe to say this might have been intended as a joke, just like when ISIS looted a bunch of American-made army equipment, one of their fighters wondered on Twitter if the US would still honour the warranty.
This is the most Onion-y title/situation I have ever seen for quite the year now.
TAIWAN NUMBA 1
As much as I'd be happy that Taiwan is recognized, this seems little more than another propagandist ploy by a non-state (which therefore cannot legitimately "recognize" any state, because it is not one itself and doesn't have authority to confer such status), done to provoke a world power so that IS can try to instill more mass terror.
Really, that's what turned China's head...
Taiwan be like please don't, we reject
Who cares what ISIS recognizes. 
Try as you might you are not going to drag China into your Middle Eastern military adventures. They will NOT bite.
"If you look here, you will see the world's deadliest predator, i am now going to poke it with a stick."
Yeh, THAT is where they went over the line...
Interesting article, wrong sub.

A ground war for China would do really weird shit to the global economy.
It's on now!
Burning people alive and beheading people are one thing, but now they've gone to far...
What are they doing next? Allowing gay marriage to anger the vatican?  
 Those terrorists are really out of hand
Lol if there one thing to not tell China that would be "Taiwan is country" ISIS is some deep shit now. 
They are damn good at pushing buttons.
They are all completely fucked in the head.
Holy fuck I love Canada. I'm going to go make a sandwich and drink a cold glass of clean water and not care what my gay muslim transgendered neighbours are doing.

I wish the world could just stop it. :( 
This is very Thailand.
It should become a tradition that the Bangkok half marathon is always 17 miles, for eternity. That would be cool and give the "Bangkok Half Marathon" a distinction from other 'less gruelling' half marathons.
They can now say they are "ultra(half)marathoners".
Why the outrage? Seems like it all worked out in the long run.
Having just been to Bangkok. Running a half marathon in that humidity? Fuck that. 
Somewhere in Bangkok, an annoying person is putting a 16.7 sticker on their minivan.
I think a new "super half marathon" with this as the origin story makes for pretty good tradition.  If I was the organizers, I'd run with it.  
I can just imagine the in-race reactions from some of those poor runners.

"Is...is it really not done yet? This is so much harder than my last 13.1. Come on, man, dig deep..."
Comment stolen from linked page : I knew something was wrong when I ran past the sign saying "Welcome to Cambodia".
One night in Bangkok makes a hard man tumble.
17 miles so its like a 2/3 marathon.
It's not really a half marathon then, is it? Then again my math isn't so great.
This is why I don't run half marathons, or full marathons, or 5ks, or at all...

At least that's what I'm telling myself now.
[Don't race, that's ridiculous](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_akwHYMdbsM)
More distance for your money because inflation. Lol
About a month ago I got yelled at for walking into the starting portion of the track of a city bike race, because they had neglected to actually mark or indicate there was a race. Only thing I knew about it was the yelling of someone, followed by the appearance of several dozen cyclists around the corner.

Maybe the same people organized this race.
Imagine timing yourself and thinking you are 30 minutes behind
Happened to me during the marine corps half marathon in 2013. 13.1 turned into around 17 or so (didn't have a gps watch at the time, so I'm going off of the ones that did). The front group of runners ran the extended route, a middle group got partially redirected, and the remainder of runners were finally corrected. It was my first half marathon so I just thought the wall everyone talks about was just hitting me really bad. 
I couldn't imagine running a marathon in Bangkok. The air quality was terrible when I was there last, doing something involving cardio would be murder on the lungs.
I did the bangkok marathon last year and my app that records mileage told me it was 27 instead of 26.2, at the same event people were complaining that the 10k was only 9k. Welcome to Thailand, if you care about details it's not the place for you. 
For the non-runners on here, 4 miles is a big difference. Your pacing is off, your nutrition is changed and mentally, your timing is destroyed. You also risk serious injury if you haven't trained past 13 miles during your race prep. 

It's one thing to have the course changed on race day - that happens. Increasing 4 miles, on an oops? Amateur. 
The hares are definitely drinking for this fuck-up.
I ran a full marathon once that went around the water's edge in a harbor.  It was cold and windy and it had even rained that morning so the parts that ran on grass and by the water's edge were muddy and slippery.  In some places I had to grab onto thorny brush so I wouldn't slip off the path.  It was *grueling*.

It took me so long to finish that the tide came in and they had to make a detour so that we wouldn't get our feet wet.

The detour added nearly a mile: 27.2 mile marathon. 

It was my first marathon ever.  Fuck me.

I've ran a half marathon before, and honestly if I just found out I ran 17 miles instead of thirteen I would find it absolutely hilarious!! I'd also be incredibly proud of myself!! 
"The individuals responsible for these actions have been sacked."
Calling it now, in a year or so this is gong to be a question on QI.

"How long was the 2015 Bangkok half marathon"
Way to go Thailand! Making their citizens go the xtra mile.. 
[deleted]
The race ended in a Thai.
I don't get why people have to get outraged over everything. Mistakes happen, laugh about it.
Serves them right for thinking they could get away with just doing half a marathon.
recalculating...recalculating...
You wanted to run and you got to run, what is the problem.
Is this a /firstworldproblem or /thirdworldproblem ?
Fucking u-turns in Bangkok. They inflate every fucking taxi ride. I hate them. 
That last comment really got me.... 

&gt;Others joked that it should be renamed the “super half-marathon”, or as one Facebook comment noted, it could be seen as a byproduct of race inflation: “Hey, they increased the price this year, so you get more kilometres for your money.”
Organized by Standard Chartered bank? No wonder. They're one of the most aggressive and ruthless banks in my region (southeast Asia) and I will never use their services if I can help it.
&gt;“Hey, they increased the price this year, so you get more kilometres for your money.”

can't fault that.
Runners complaining about having to run..
There seem to have been a bunch of special snowflakes in that race.

&amp;gt; The marathon’s Facebook page filled with comments ... from runners who described the error as ... "incredibly dangerous" for runners who had trained to run just 13 miles.

If it is "incredibly dangerous" for you to run 17 miles, then you aren't in a fit state to run 13 either. Just grow up and chalk it up to experience.
Few times where getting more of something is reason to complaint.
Facebook be like, "better change my profile pic to Thailand's flag."
Marathon organizer moved to inactive post.
Well, at least they're breaking stereotypes.
This happened in the Chicago marathon a couple years ago:

http://www.nbcnews.com/id/8085045/ns/us_news-weird_news/t/if-miles-seemed-extra-long-it-was/#.Vkog3qIUroI
Speaking as a runner who had a (smaller scale) similar incident happen, it's really frustrating. A half-marathon I ran was 500m longer than supposed to be, and it throws off a lot of your running. I questioned how much further I had to go (knowing I couldn't trust the mile markers), when to make the final push, etc. Until a year ago it was my PB, but I had to guess at the time because I ran 500m more...
Haha that's hilarious. They should make shirts and other gear to market this marathon as it is going to be a very rare one 
The runner's version of the Bangkok Surprise!
Ended up getting more then you paid for. Not a usually bad thing except in a marathon.
Marathons now must be 34 miles.
That's a funny prank.
Just change some signs and see how far they will go before giving up.
A girl I used to work with posted that it was 7km longer than intended. I wondered what she meant. Now I know.
"Bonus miles"... Heh. 
[responses](http://asiancorrespondent.com/2015/11/outcry-after-organizers-accidentally-add-8km-to-bangkok-half-marathon/)
It's not a half marathon anymore if it's more than... what is it, 13 miles, I think?
Same same but different
They forgot the word "assed" in the advertisements of the race.

It was a half-assed marathon. 
The Bangkok Half+Half marathon.
Well...... 

The full marathon didn't really exist until the 1908 olympics in Britain, until then a marathon was just a long race. So I guess you could say there may have been a 1/2 marathon that was longer before that, but that said, the 1908 marathon was the longest Olympic games marathon and was that distance as it was the distance from the Windsor Castle to the Olympic Stadium royal box and was requested by the royal family.
Sounds like the beginnings of a movie starring Rob Schneider.
Had similar happen to me in a bike race, except it was due to some local ~~arseholes~~ jokers turning a sign.  I added about a mile onto the 50 miles race distance.  I forget now where I finished, 9th I think, but I'd have done a lot better were it not for that as a few other riders finished only a couple of minutes before me. :-/
Still awesome time even with the extra miles so its like a 2/3 marathon.
In the Army when this happened, they laughed at us. 
I don't see you guys chasing

The kind of mile splits I've been pacing.

I'd let you watch, I would remind you,

But the race... moved, and I can't find you.
My watch tells me the distance.... ? 
In some places I had to make a U-turn at the wrong place.
Few times where getting more of something is reason to complaint.
Apologies with a smile.
You had ONE job!
Thank God it wasn't Poland. 
People called it "incredibly dangerous"

As someone who runs, you don't only run a half marathon to train for a half marathon... So it isn't dangerous just to add 6km. Still a lot, but I bet everyone one of those people had run that distance at least a few times to prep for this race 
More like a Wong u-turn!
Stanchart Marathon just can't catch a break.  
  
In Malaysia, they set the run in October to avoid the annual haze. So boom, worst haze ever in history arrives in October. (Keep in mind that last year, it was set in mid-year and had to be postponed to October to avoid the haze.) It was cancelled.  
  
In Singapore last year, they ran out of water around 15km for half-marathon runners. That was a doozy...  
  
Maybe they didn't want Bangkok to feel left out?
I hate the Wong U-Turn in Bangkok.  Throws everybody off.
By the time it may have been wrong, so any documentation of the distance from the Windsor Castle to the error that won't ever be considered an official time before the cut off date for another I can see how far they will go before giving up.
I ran the full marathon while my wife ran the half. The entire race was a shit show.  They gave out fake New Balance shirts as part of the race package. They also gave out the medals before you even run. Distance markers where few and far between and almost always inaccurate.   There were several spots of the course  where they could have allowed the half marathoners to have a shorter route to the finish line, but they didn't try to fix their mistake. Towards the end of the race you could see how tired and frustrated everyone was.  
Imagine timing yourself and thinking you are 30 minutes behind
I basically just read an article about people passing the blame onto others. 
There seem to have been a bunch of special snowflakes in that race.

&gt; The marathon’s Facebook page filled with comments ... from runners who described the error as ... "incredibly dangerous" for runners who had trained to run just 13 miles.

If it is "incredibly dangerous" for you to run 17 miles, then you aren't in a fit state to run 13 either. Just grow up and chalk it up to experience.
There's a reach around joke in here somewhere... 
"very dangerous"

GTFO
Dangerous? Just stop running hun
Wong turn.
Marathon runner logic:  Willingly run 13.1 miles for absolutely no reason whatsoever.  Get pissed about having to run four more miles for absolutely no reason whatsoever.
&gt;The marathon’s Facebook page filled with comments on Sunday and Monday from runners who described the error as “ridiculous”, a “massive miscalculation” and **“incredibly dangerous” for runners who had trained to run just 13 miles.**

I didn't know Bangkok forced you to run more than you physically felt able to. Do volunteers follow behind with electric cattle prods or something? 
&gt; “incredibly dangerous” for runners who had trained to run just 13 miles.

seriously? So runners can't even fucking tell when they're not in any condition to run anymore? If you can't continue a race then you stop, it's as easy as that. If you push your body over the limit and it breaks, then it's your own fault and anyone elses.
He said race officials responsible for pointing runners in the right direction inadvertently directed them to make a U-turn at the wrong place.
Full marathon or GTFO.
You mean people who elect to just run for 13 miles straight were livid they ran a little more? 

I mean I paid to skydive but you're going *how high??*
T.I.T.
It Tired land.
It became the longest one in it's history. Misleading title is misleading. Try running something like the comrades, which is 56 miles.
&gt; The marathon’s Facebook page filled with comments on Sunday and Monday from runners who described the error as “ridiculous”, a “massive miscalculation” and “incredibly dangerous” for runners who had trained to run just 13 miles.

"Incredibly dangerous"? Seriously? 
They went the Wong way.  
Isn't the world's longest half-marathon just... a marathon?
"Incredibly dangerous" you are running a half marathon you fucking pussy...
I would just like to point out that the PDF file is called "ssporndude.pdf"
The secret service today is more amusing than a barrel of coked up monkeys.
    "Would you be more afraid to ride a motorcycle with me or to fuck me?"  


Wtf? As if texting a 14yr old, as a 38yr old man, wasn't creepy enough...





I found a lockbox at work that an old owner left behind. I thought about breaking it open, but then I remembered that 9/10 horror stories started like this. I put it back where I found it.  Which is what you do when the person you're texting says they're a 14 year-old girl.  You put it back where you found it...then reset your phone. 
Court documents show he has a wife and two children. Awesome. Why did your dad go to jail? He texted a dude that was a cop, but thought it was someone my friend's age. 
Listen guys, and listen close: 14 year old girls do not troll chatrooms looking for dirty old men to fuck. Ever. It's always, I repeat, *always* some ugly hairy cop looking to bust you for being a dirty old man. Did you learn nothing from Chris Hanson?

Your arms grow to the exact length to reach your pecker for a reason - it's called masturbation; the next best thing to the real thing. Next time you feel the urge to seek out a 14 y/o kid for some illicit fornicatory delight, turn your manly desires inward and have a good wank instead. Then smoke a cigarette and congratulate yourself for being smart enough to keep your stupid ass out of prison. You'll be glad you did. 
Delaware is in the news!
You think he'd know to shut up until he got a lawyer, but nah, this guy straight up admits it upon questioning by the cops. I'm glad this guy isn't in the SS anymore and hope the rest of them are a lot more qualified morally than he was.
Guys, here's a lesson for you:

Unless a girl specifically asks, you probably shouldn't send pictures of your dick to anyone. Not even your doctor. Go into his office or something.
Now the white house has got to come up with a song about how they do ***not*** diddle kids
Is it ever a teen? 
Jeez...and I lost out as a job as a lowly jail deputy simply for drinking a beer the night before a polygraph. How do these people get through???
If your husband is in his late 30s and has "Kik" on his phone, then he is definitely sexting a teen.
[deleted]
I'll never understand why these morons think they'll get away with this shit, especially when they are in very prominent positions. Even if they weren't, do you think the supposed 14 year old girl is gonna fuck a 38 year old guy and just never tell anyone about it?

I mean I've thought with my dick before, but god damn dude get your shit together go jerk off to some porn or something fuck.
I mean, [come on](http://i.imgur.com/L2WWpeW.jpg).
Im surprised this even went public 
&gt;sexual shenanigans 

40 keks
&lt;sad trombone plays&gt;
Vetting for law enforcement is stuck in the fucking 1950s and needs to change.
&gt; Rob: Have you done anything with boys beyond kissing?

&gt; UC-1: Yes but not as much as u i bet

Hahahahaha
Time to bring in Chris Hansen
The chat from the court document reads just like a transcript from To Catch A Predator...wow. It's weird to see an official court document with that type of language. 
The [pdf](http://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/ssporndude.pdf) of the court record linked in the article is labeled as "ssporndude"  Haha

&gt;sexual shenanigans 

Who the hell wrote this article?


Hahahah ... hah.

In the [PDF transcript](http://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/ssporndude.pdf) there are some quotes of a conversation

&gt; Rob N/A: May seem like a small thing in the grand scheme, but I would take immense pleasure in pulling those shorts off your hips and down your cute little legs  
UC-1: Be exciting to try i mean id be nervous but still be fun. Just wouldn't want to bore u  
Rob N/A: Oh I don't think you'd be boring  
UC-1: Lol u say that. I hope not  
Rob N/A: Have you done anything **with boys** beyond kissing?  
UC-1: **Yes but not as much as u i bet**  

If you interpret that exchange the same way I did, you might think UC-1 calls Rob gay with a certain elegance  
People are sick, why would you even want to text a teen...They're disturbingly close to childhood.
It is baffling that guys would willingly communicate with what they think is a 14 yo girl...I just don't see the enjoyment in that.  Way to ruin the life of your family, and throw away a great career.
Glad he got caught, but the sexualization of female children, and men preying up on them is a systemic problem. Reddit itself supports it (as it hosts teen porn (some of which I'm guessing is child porn) and formerly hosted what was explicitly child porn until that was publicized and made Conde Nast look bad).

EDIT: Page 15 of the report states he was placed on administrative leave. Does that mean he is still being paid?
&gt;blowjob

&gt;omg I cant believe I just told you that haha

Wow, these cops need to work on their teen impressions.  And what 14 year old texts with apostrophes but then uses "u"?
_IT'S JUST A PRANK BRO_
I read the report and the undercovers don't say their age and one of the pics sent is the officer so maybe he thought she was 18. But she also discusses being with her mother, being sexually inexperienced and he refers to her as young also some pics sent were of young teenagers. So I kinda doubt he didn't know.


Edit: ok spoke to soon he admits he knew she was 14, what a fucking moron. He admits to bein interested in underage girls and talking to many more, how dumb is his guy he didn't even get a lawyer I think he may be retarded especially as he's a law enforcement officer, he made his situation worse.
We need to get over the dumb idea that tough guys and bullies are the best to protect us.  Those are the exact people we need policing on.
"It's the Feds! ...wait"
He must be thinking he just dodged a bullet. 
What a face-neck.
This kind of thing seems to becoming a more and more common thing
Anyone else notice the "on October 2016"? It's not 2016 yet lads;P
What does this say about the nation, as a whole, when it's most trusted citizens are caught doing something like this?
The fact that this guy wasn't clever enough to identify the officers through texting, just shows how incapable he is at being a secret agent.
The Secret Service really has had a rough couple of years.
I know I wouldn't assume that my every action was being monitored if I worked at the White House....
Welcome to the internet: Where the men are men, and boys and girls are police officers. 
This guy literally lives across the street from my hairdresser
Can we redo the hiring requirements for the Secret Service to be on par with the Swiss Guard, please?
I bet the officers conducting the 14 year old girl giggled helplessly. I couldn't keep a straight face a text things like that. 
&amp;gt;sexual shenanigans 

Who the hell wrote this article?


Welp, now he can become a cop!
What a bad predator. He needs to go to jail for life.
Lets not forget the UN doing drugs and trading child porn.
"IDK if we can do that all in the park" 

I can just see the face of the police officer writing this like "WTF?! this dude wants to fuck a teen and the park is the best he can come up with"

Also, lol dude's screenname was RobertTheW1se. New sarcastic nickname for life.
Having to be the cop who's responsible for texting creeps like this. &lt;Shudder&gt;
The Secret Service is the laughing stock of all 1811s.
yess!! an opening for me to apply
That dude looks nothing how I imagined the Secret Service to look like. 
guy must have learned something from America's creepy uncle Joe
I am Chris Hansen, why don't you take a seat
The secret service just keeps getting better. Ah well, you're bound to have some weirdos in a large enough population. 
Why do all these Secret Service agents think they are James Bond with their constant sexual controversies like the guys who could not even pay up the Columbian worker?  What a bunch of chumps.
The real crime is that there are morons like this tasked with national security. How the hell do these people pass all the tests? Oh yea, because they're hired by people JUST LIKE THEM.

Wonder why the government was so eager to set up the national groping team known as the TSA? Wonder why they're so eager to have access to all of our communications and what to ban encryption? 

Government is filled with nothing but emotionally stunted power-hungry perverts. 
Dude what the fuck is with these guys?

Glad their job isn't important or anything. /s
Not that I encourage it in this case but when you are texting someone who you don't know and you want a picture of the person, ask to have them grab a piece of paper and pencil and write down some random numbers you give him/her. Have he/she take the photo with that piece of paper in front of him/her.
Come on, man!
Top three finest news stories are about:
1)Florida
2)Secret Service
3)Donald Trump
i can already imagine their conversation....


"ya got kik? ;)"
Oh man, he's gonna be so pissed when he sees this post!!
When I was reading the texts in the court records, I couldn't help but read them in Chris Hansen's voice. It's actually pretty disturbing how formulaic those texts end up being.
The pdf of the court case contains the culprit's personal email and facebook page URLs. I thought these would have been redacted when it was hosted by Ars Technica?
this means that cops had to sext him back lol 
Damn it, you guys were *just* clear of the public eye and jokes.
Imagine had they tricked the SS guy that he was talking to Natasha Obama?  I wonder if the punishment would be more severe?
I swear officer she looked 18!
"It's the Feds! ...wait"
Teen-cops.
"It's the Feds! ...wait"
I am so glad that common barnyard animals don't text!
Racist
Souldnt his kik name be RobertTheNotSoW1se then.
The headline alone sounds like the highest ever rated episode of "to catch a predator."

Plot twist: Bill Clinton just asked them to find someone to get him a blowjob.
"also accused of sending pictures of his penis" LOL
[Joey Salads on the case. We're gonna make this child predator part of the Salad crew.](http://imgur.com/UsqYFsx)
"The Secret Service said Moore's security clearance was suspended along with access to Secret Service facilities."
"A *uniformed* Secret Service officer...."

They keep using the term 'secret'.  
I do not think they know what it means.

Stories like this make me shake my head. I've worked with ~10 active duty and retired Secret Service agents in the past and they were some of the most impressive people I've ever met in my life. 

Makes me wonder how people like this or those involved in the other controversies even get in. One of the things I was always told by the guys I worked with is that the key to a good agent is an abundance of common sense. 

Maybe it's a generational thing..
Man I got the shivers just reading the title. 
What a face-neck.
Wanna get Subway with me soon?
I think somebody is setting the stage for an assassination attempt...so when it happens they can point to the incompetence of the secret service and focus blame there.
Three days later a TIFU post is created with this topic.
Wonder if the sting went down like this? https://youtu.be/hjLLRd4Rjx4
Guess he got secret *served*
I thought it said secret Santa and I didn't know what an "on-duty" secret Santa was.
On duty, IN OUR WHITE HOUSE?!?!

I'm not even uptight in the flag waving patriotic sense, but I feel this stupidity and disrespect reflects poorly on the country, and we should therefore lynch him.
(o) &lt;---- that's an asshole. This guy is an asshole. Not all Americans are assholes. Just most of us. 
Whenever I see the mug photo of a sexual offender I can tell they are a sexual offender, but I'm not sure if this still works when it's not a mug photo.  
Seems like all the DC police department needs to do to thwart crime is to keep an eye on the secret service!
Uh welp....you're fucking fired.  Pack your  shit and fuck outta here.
You're not going to kill Hitler.
Dear [White House](http://www.whitehouse.com):    
I never thought it would happen to me...
this is entrapment, is it not?
Didn't know SS employed in bred rednecks
Is it ever a teen? 
Which is what you do and it still seems like a child to lure these guys in.
I'm Chris Haannnsssssson with Dateline MC-NBC.... take a seat.
and she was legal in most other countries. Just not this one.
eli5 how is texting a cop, who's pretending to be a teen a crime?
She sounds like she was into it. The cops should mind their own damn business.
Jesus, this was like four months of work to slap a dude with distributing obscene material to a minor, in addition to utterly ruining his life.
More like he started digging into or discovered something he shouldn't have so they ruined his career by framing him and putting him behind bars. 
This is fine and dandy. I'm glad they caught this guy, but why the heck were two cops doing this? What were their intentions? How did they know?
The Trump is disappointed he got caught. I do this on a day to day basis. I even did it in live debate once. This guy is a light weight.
The whole world is too goddamn uptight about sex.
I'm afraid to google bomb for fear of getting on a watch list and here we have someone who made it through the most complete screening possible.
Dude never heard of VPN and VOIP to route texts and calls between three VOIP numbers? 

Good luck catching him that way /s
I like how the fact that he was on-duty is somehow important.
Makes you wonder if they start jerking in on these stings. The guy thinking it's an underage girls. And the cop thinking about the bust. 
Nice coverup reddit.
How do these dudes become so pro at imitating 14 year old girls?  Like, do they themselves spend a lot of time texting 14 year old girls?
Not that I don't find this totally fucked up and wrong (which yeah internet pedos are a real danger.. I was definitely a young 13 yr old on the internet who was very naive and easily coerced), but I also find it kind of fucked up that these cops set up a ploy to incriminate him?? I guess it is assumed that he was an internet predator looking for young teens to sext, but the offense is only for this trap, not for an actual teen that was abused. I am surprised that we can deceive people to incriminate them. Again - the argument that if he would sext a cop posed as a 14 yr old then he would obviously sext a real 14 yr old given the opportunity seems 100% logical, I just do not understand how and why our justice system can operate this way. (Besides possibly a contract stating that SS officers must undergo multiple tests of their innocence and legality).

But yeah, your thoughts? 
[deleted]
First let me say up front that doing what he did is absolutely wrong and he deserves to be punished.  

Now, having said that, the Obama administration has a new ex-felon hiring drive for the federal, state and local governments around America.  It's called "ban the box".  Governments are removing any questions about past criminal behavior with the intention of giving ex-felons jobs in the public trust.  

So, having said that, why should he lose his job?  Shouldn't he just go to jail do his time and return to his old job???

I'm sort of being sarcastic here but isn't this consistent with this new policy?  
Hmm, did he do anything illegal? Texting someone, no matter how repulsive the content, should not be "illegal" to the point of criminal arrest. He'll win his case, but his career and his family life are probably ruined. We're slowly developing this new branch of the thought police, where thoughts will become illegal.

Look at it this way. If he was talking to a real teen girl, she would have told him to go fuck off. And probably the next 50 teen girls. Some point along the way he realizes he's got a problem and gets mental help. But when he's talking to a fake cop, they lead them on for so long and make it seem so easy until he does something stupid and then they nail him... seems like entrapment to me. They are not acting like a normal teen girl would.
I figured it would be some trap-y kinda shit, like a 16yr, but it's a 14yr (or imaginary), so fuck that guy!
I did it on purpose
This thread has been nuked and locked due to too many ignorant/ edgy racist dumbasses. Please stop messaging us, unless you're one of the dumbasses who lack a fully functional brain and are a racist (or race realist) moron who is requesting to be banned. 


I despise articles that uses percentages off bases of data that are so tiny. 73% of 11? Jeez, I expect more from Ars
Really small sample size, but I see what they're getting at- people are the problem not the robots.

Fairly accurate, it wasn't a robot who rear ended me last week while texting.
This doesn't really surprise me. I've always thought one of the biggest challenges in developing self-driving cars is how to interact with 'bad' human drivers.

When a human is driving down a freeway, you notice how other drivers are behaving and modify your behaviour based on it. For example, the person in front of you is going from one side of the lane to the other, suggesting that they're intoxicated/texting/whatever. As a result, you stay away from them. That's just one example, but there are many other subtle things humans pick up on which help them avoid accidents. As far as I know, self-driving cars are nowhere near advanced enough to do this sort of thing.

Basically, IMO there are some things that human drivers are better at dealing with than machines (namely detecting and consequently avoiding certain situations which have an increased risk of accidents). Of course, this wouldn't be a problem if all cars were autonomous - but it's a challenge automakers will face in the interim.
Well human drivers are also good at hitting other human drivers.
Is it possible that self driving cars are not as predictable as human drivers, or they do not react in the same way as a human driver in some circumstances causing slow speed bumps / collisions.
&gt; In addition, 73 percent of the crashes involving an autonomous vehicle happened when the car was going 5 mph or less, or while the car was stopped.

Maybe it's really just one truck driver smashing into all the parked ones so they don't take his job.
**TL;DR of comments:** *Self-driving cars do nothing wrong. Defensive human drivers pre-empt bad drivers and yield to them.*

Bad human drivers are bullies, defensive human drivers are enablers.

The study numbers support this, showing that human drivers crashed mostly on slow-moving or stopped self-driving cars, and only on their rear or sides.
I wonder if people are hitting them because they aren't behaving in an expected fashion.
[deleted]
I'm curious now this works with right of way. This concept is pretty new to me since I moved from the US to Germany. Anytime I leave my home I approach a T intersection with no stop signs, me being on the long part of the T. Drivers from my left are technically supposed to stop, but I can't go anywhere until there is a clearing from my right, which isn't often. So there's always this awkwardness, of cars on my left not knowing whether they can go. So sometimes they sit for awhile until I find an opening, and sometimes they go by. Anyway, I wonder how robots decide stuff like this. 
This is purely because of the scum-of-the-earth Tailgaters. It's bad enough when they are 2 feet from your bumper because they're throwing a hissy fit that you are just going the Speed Limit or 5 over and are trying to intimidate you into going faster, but the stupid fucks will also ride your bumper when they don't even care what speed they're going. Out in rural areas it's even worse because this is just how they learned to drive. I'll see someone start from a Stop Sign 100 feet behind me even when I'm up to around 50mph already on a 45mph road and they'll get up to 65-70mph just so they can catch up and get on my bumper before happily matching my speed. It never fucking occurs to them that they're driving dangerously or being assholes. It's all they know.
I vaguely remember that all of the cases with Google's cars that have gone to court have been settled outside of court. Very possible that all of the crashes are people trying to get money from Google.
[Serious] Have self driving cars been tested in snowy conditions? I am really curious how they would drive in a snowstorm.
This is a weird sentence: "What the analysis did find, however, was that every crash an autonomous vehicle was in was caused by a driver of a conventional car. "

Three 'was's in the same sentence.
Had an old lady in an suv pull out directly in front of me today. Had to slam on the brakes. She looked like she didn't even know where she was. It's worrying when you know drivers like that are on the road...
Yeah but I thought all the self-driving cars have been going 25mph in 35mph zones.
They drive overcautiosly, they cruise 5 or 10 under the speed limit, they stop for every little thing, they drive like my nervous grandma.  I am 0% surprised that they are commonly involved low speed collisions, I"ll be interested to see a more complete study when one becomes available
I can't wait to read about the first incident of man-on-self-driving-car road rage.
I've spent years becoming used to the fact that every other human driver on the road is a maniac who's out to kill me in fantastically unpredictable ways; I think a law-abiding self-driving car would confound my ability to process thoughts.
So basically people are horrible drivers... Thanks
Self-driving cars have mastered the first skill of driving: blame the other guy!
I don't blame the inevitable machine uprising. All hail our new machine overlords.
If all of these cars are limited to 25 mph how can they compare statistics to human drivers?
An insurance carrier would normally recommend  of a human driver that they take a defensive driving course. 
I'd think an important element of safety is based on eye contact or gestures with the other driver to know everyone's intentions. Would a self-driving car at a 4-way stop for example assume because it stopped a millisecond ahead of the person on the right, it technically has the right of way? I could see why humans might be more likely to hit them. 
Or are self-driving cars really good at making it look like the humans hit them? Wake up sheeple!
Not surprising, self-driving cars are meant to follow the rules of the road, and aren't necessarily good drivers. Good drivers will actively avoid accidents, even if they were otherwise following the rules of the road. They'll be more cautious around drivers who are behaving sporadically, and behave in ways that compensate for bad drivers around them.
I wonder how many were within 20 miles of the car's home.
This might seem counter-intuitive, but I wonder if the self-driven cars are somehow less predictable to the other human drivers?

Humans are still the problem as they're clearly being unsafe if they're in accidents, but I wonder if the driving style of self-driven cars is somehow foreign to the average driver.
So self-driving cars are the assholes who stop/slow for no reason and cause unnecessary rear-ending incidents? Seems like something that's pretty difficult to fix.
My ex wife was consistently being "hit" by other drivers then I purchased her a bright yellow Nissan Exterra and suddenly these hits were gone, Just because your being hit by others does not mean you were not at fault.
I kind of am looking forward to the self driving revolution.  All the cars on the road will be driving the same speed and same predictability.  It'll make it crazy easy for me to weave through traffic and get home in half the time. 
Why post this again? This is two weeks old, dude.
TL;DR Self-driving cars have extremely punchable faces, and human drivers oblige.
Everyone saying that humans are the problem is not understanding the article.  Self driving cars are getting rear ended more than other cars.  It's obviously the car's fault.  Somehow they are attracting collisions, they never hit anything but they are very difficult to avoid hitting.  That's still bad.  

On the article yesterday about the google car that got pulled over for going too slow and disputing traffic, several people from mountain view were saying that this was typical, the google cars always drive in an atypical manner and disrupt traffic.  They don't hit anything but they are unpredictable and just asking to be rear-ended.  

"Well, once all cars are self driving, problem solved."  Yeah, but before that we'll have at least a decade of mixed roads, and if the google cars are constantly getting hit, as the data suggests they will, we will never see a self-diving-only world.  You can't disregard the fact that these cars are clearly causing lots of collisions.  
They're slow as shit. The google cars go at a maximum of 25mph, but they've driven on roads with a 35mph speed limit. Of course they're going to get hit when they're going 10 under the speed limit, speed the fuck up grandma.
I like how this blames conventional drivers yet the implementation of the autonomous  cars did in fact increase the rate of accidents. 

Maybe we are better at *dodging* other conventional drivers than autonomous cars. 
I would bet that its not that the human drivers are "bad" or "unsafe". It's that human drivers expect everyone else to behave like human drivers. I would bet AI cars drive in a way that is characteristically different from a human. Braking at different times than are expected for a human, accelerating more slowly, generally driving more slowly and carefully than most humans would.
I love how people in this sub are so desperate to make these prototype cars look infallible. They're not perfect by any stretch of the imagination at this point in time. 
Overly cautious drivers are, in my opinion, far more dangerous than aggressive drivers. Nothing makes me angrier than, when at a 4 way stop, someone who was clearly there before you, waves you to go. No, we don't break the traffic rules just so you can avoid learning how to drive properly. It's not polite, it's confusing - and ruins the flow of traffic.

I can only imagine these autonomous cars are the worst. They probably drive like 85 year old retirees, and confuse everyone else around them. Oh, sure, they're cautious. But they don't drive normally, and it puts real drivers at risk.

Stop blaming real drivers for the unrealistic behavior of drones. 
Oh boy -100points to Slytherin!
&gt; 73 percent of the crashes involving an autonomous vehicle happened when the car was going 5 mph or less, or while the car was stopped.

Sounds like maybe these cars stop or slow down in areas people wouldn't expect? Like react quickly to traffic slowing down ahead of it, where a human would expect there to be a bit of a delay before they slow down. 
The single best way to increase safety on the roads in America right now is putting a stop to policing the roads for profit. Police don't pull you over for being unsafe or commiting infractions. They pull you over for behaviors that they can easily ticket you for. I.e. speeding, running red lights, and running stop signs.

The most unsafe behaviors are things like going slower than traffic in the left lane(s), following too closely, having a poorly maintained vehicle, unsecured load, and passing on the right. I have not once in my life heard of anyone being pulled over for most of these actions, and have rarely heard of anyone being pulled over for the others. Yet I see these reckless behaviors all the time.

Driving is not inherently dangerous, and I argue it us actually quite safe already if you are a good driver, and significantly reducing these behaviors will make the roadways much safer, and will make it safer to drive at higher speeds.
Most of my time driving is spent defensive driving.  Everyone on the road is out to hit me.  I even practice defensive parking because every human is out to scratch my car as much as possible.  The problem is the robots because the humans that wrote them can program in the intuition needed to avoid a constant random variable of drivers from all over the world with different sets of chaos driving culture converging on any intersection on any given day.  If I was coding for a self driving car so much time would be spent on assuming rear enders will happen at every sign &amp; having an alarm/flash that sounds when someone comes up from behind too quickly, etc.  

People are all, high, texting, on prescription drugs, fighting with their SOs, etc.  Its a god damn war zone out there on the road, distracted, disgruntled driving full of people with too little insurance coverage who just don't give a fuck about all the hard work you put in to buy your car &amp; how much less your car is worth after it has been repainted 100 times because of all these dumb shits.  (ps you can sue for diminished value, make sure every insurance claim covers at least $1000+ in diminished value from each accident that shows up on the carfax if not more)
The problem is 100% the people, it's 100% the people expecting the cars to react how people react and when they don't, they hit them.

Also accidents are accidents, they're not on purpose. 
&gt;73 percent of the crashes involving an autonomous vehicle happened when the car was going 5 mph or less, or while the car was stopped.

Only problem I can see with self-driving cars is, there's a fair bit of driver interaction to figure out who's going to go first at a junction, or go for that parking space, etc. 
I feel like a computers defensive driving would be worse, but icould be wrong. 
Well, they just react different to human drivers (as in according to the rules), but since self driving cars are so rare nobody has adapted to that yet and hence the accidents.  
I think you can't really blame anyone for driving like everyone else except very few cars do.  
Also, even if there were only self driving cars on the road, I'm pretty sure there would still be accidents from time to time, just because of technical difficulties.
This is something I've told people about drivers.  No matter how great of a driver you are, there are always going to be dumbasses out there on the road to cancel it out.  
I predict that autonomous cars will beget networked autonomous cars, and those cars will (over time) become programmed with logic to avoid non-networked cars as much as possible.
Quasi related article about self driving cars and the greater good

http://www.iflscience.com/technology/should-self-driving-car-be-programmed-kill-its-passengers-greater-good-scenario

http://youtu.be/Ad_PA9uK1A0


Important factor to consider with self driving cars is not just how self driving car can react to it's environment around, but also how other drivers are able to predict it's actions. 

Being a robot, it might do certain stuff bit differently from how a human does it, not giving out certain cues which other drivers use to judge how it's going to act. 

Super misleading title
I would also like to know what times most accidents occur, and what times the self-driving cars are operating. 
This also shows that self driving cars are not very good at avoiding other cars.
I remember reading a biker describing how he cuts the google cars because he isnt afraid of getting hit. I can see this been a real problem for this cars, no fear of getting hit and people just throw their cars in front of them
If all of these cars are limited to 25 mph how can they compare statistics to human drivers?
All rear ends? The car probably stops too aggressively not giving the person behind them enough time to react.
If I can't have a flying car, please make all cars self driving in the next 3 years.
I wonder how many people hit these cars anticipating them to be driven by humans and not cautious robots.
Daesh gets IT recruits. Self driving cars become targets.
Which city is that in the background of the picture with the car in the article?

Also, good story, over the next decade it is going to be interesting to see how this tech evolves.  I could see the US Army adopting this technology to automate the movement of their supply line convoys.  They would just have to follow one real driver at the front of the pack...
This does not surprise me at all. I have driven next to a self driving car before and was awestruck that there was no one driving the car next to me. This was a very distracting moment. I imagine you'd find the same effect if you measured the number of car accidents in which someone dressed as a clown was driving. They just need to create hologram humans that make it look like someone is in control to prevent this. 
[New York Times: Google’s Driverless Cars Run Into Problem: Cars With Drivers](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/02/technology/personaltech/google-says-its-not-the-driverless-cars-fault-its-other-drivers.html)
Even if this is true, self-driving cars are a work in progress and can always be improved with better hardware/software. I'm pretty sure we've reached the skill limit with human drivers without forcing more driver training/testing. In my opinion that should be done as well, but realistically I don't see it happening.
http://www.raosoft.com/samplesize.html
It's only because self-driving cars drive to the letter of the law. People do **not** drive that way, and as such the driverless cars are behaving unpredictably.
How do autonomous vehicles handle stop signs and traffic lights?
Immediately looks up "autonomous vehicle crashes" on youtube
I wonder if it might be that autonomous vehicles behave less "predictably" than human drivers. i.e. even though they are technically following all of the rules of the road, they just do things like change lanes or slow down at times when a human normally wouldn't which causes other less attentive drivers to hit them. That and if they are driving defensively enough or not to avoid crashes that humans might be able to avoid.
Self driving cars must drive like a ridiculously cautious and hesitant person. Not saying this is a bad thing but it ruins the flow. Humans use a certain level of prediction when driving and these cars are so cautious that they are unpredictable to people so they hit them.
The question of who's at fault should be completely irrelevant for the evaluation of whether self-driving cars are safe or not. 

I could break-check people and provoke them to rear-end me all day without being at fault - doesn't make having me do this on the road be safe at all.
It's as if most drivers have no idea what safe driving even looks like so they can't grasp what this car is doing. 

Not having seen such a thing before, they're expecting some kind of unsafe maneuver -- and before they realize that's not happening, they've slammed right into it.
I always find myself compensating for other drivers.. not sure how the ai handles things like that.
MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE THEY DRIVE SO FUCKING SLOW. 
I read the report of the accidents for the google autonomous car once. Was mostly other drivers rear-ending them, always wondered if this was due to the computer over-reacting to situations and breaking where a human would continue. 
[Well, they do drive like your grandma does](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-3164675/A-self-driving-SMASH-Watch-Google-s-autonomous-car-rear-ended-firm-admits-drivers-hitting-surprisingly-often.html) so people rear-end them a lot.
This is a weird sentence: "What the analysis did find, however, was that every crash an autonomous vehicle was in was caused by a driver of a conventional car. "

Three 'was's in the same sentence.
Not surprising considering they drive around at 25mph.
I can't tell if the end of the article is suggesting that once there's only self driving cars there will be less accidents, or trying to snarkly say that self driving cars don't prevent accidents when by the actual report they kind of do, as it's human driver's negligence causing accidents?
Robots are not good at noting fucktards and immanent douchery.
[Relevant](https://driverlesscarblog.wordpress.com/)
It is important to note that human beings, unlike machines are a creative species. The creativity can sometimes be useful and other times destructive. Driving cars is such a mundane task, that it is best suited for machines. However, racing is something best suited for humans, and that includes destruction derby as well.
Maybe this is due to the limitations on where these cars can drive. I know in california they are limited to roadways with speed limits less than 35. Maybe more accidents are likely there. 
I like that the self driving cars have less injuries from crashes. Duh!
ITT: People who don't understand speed limits
I'm not arguing that self driving cars aren't causing the accidents, but part of driving is being away that at any given moment another driver might make a mistake.
I've heard a lot of people purposely run into them because Google pays out a bunch to stay out of court
Well human drivers are also good at hitting other human drivers.
It should be obvious that even if they drive perfectly there will be some crashes due to the fact that cars are normally driven by humans.
Drverless cars don't have to be perfect.  They just have to be better than humans  And they are.
Yeah get them going highway speeds and see what's up 
Let me guess, a study paid for, or done by, google?
&gt;at least while traffic on the roads is mixed between autonomous and self-driving cars.

And so it begins.
These cars sound like they're driven by robots from Connecticut, driving 5mph and pissing people off who are trying to make good time.   I hope they never legalize this in New Jersey.  People will start vandalizing these things for obeying all the speed limits. 
Hahaha I'm a driver myself and this conversation comes up frequently.

I'm all for google's cars, and the common retort is "yeah, I just don't trust computers that much."

"I don't trust humans that much."
Could the problem come from how smart cars drive on the road that causes people to hit them? Human drivers probably have habits on the road that these cars don't emulate. I've used my cruse control on the highway and typically on an incline my car accelerates to keep a constant speed, but non crusing drivers don't and I'll gang on the people in front of me.

I'm sure that it's more likely bad driving but I'm curious if this could become an issue once cars like these become more common. 
For exemple if I see someone driving with a hat, or with a plate number under 15 000 (in my country those number are old one) then I know I have to be careful cause there is a big chance the driver is very old. Not sure a self-driving car can pick those signs. 
[deleted]
I'm going to be that person. It's likely that self-driving cars aren't good at the human part of driving (waving one another through, merging lanes suddenly, etc.) I would be surprised if people were straight up t-boning Google cars frequently
"at least while traffic on the roads is mixed between autonomous and self-driving cars."

Unfortunately for this writers fantasy, drivable vehicles are never going away.
I can understand that some people want self driving cars for various reasons, but i feel like it takes away from the experience of traveling. When i travel on the bus or train, i'm not paying attention to what goes on around me, i'm usually there reading a book or searching the internet on my phone. If I wanted to do that in my car, I just wouldn't have a car. Everything else is becoming Heavily electronic dependant, I don't think cars need to as well.
Serious question: Do autonomous cars speed? In America, 55mph usually means you can do 64mph without getting pulled over. Can you teach your car to speed acceptably? 
Google is such a sleazy company. They're the used car salesmen of the internet.

"Perfect safety record" I don't buy it for a second. I won't be the least bit surprised when it comes out in a few years that they paid to cover up every single one of the accidents their cars caused. "Listen, just take this ridiculous amount of money and say it was your fault, and we won't sue you into oblivion."
If the car in front of me is going 10 mph under the speed limit, they are asking to get hit. 
I wonder how long it will be before the US Congress passes a law making it illegal to sell a new car that is not self driving or outlawing human driving of vehicles. It is for The Children.^tm
That's why all cars should be self driving.  That's how the cars were in the movie I robot starring Will Smith and Bridget Moynahan.
Probably something to do with the fact that the automatic cars have their speed governed to 25 mph

Obviously not the only cause, but it's likely a factor
Study of self driving cars shows that they can't avoid accidents that aren't they're fault... 
People are probably crashing into robot cars because the robots take a lot of stops to prevent possible collisions themselves.
lmao what
hahha i can't wait till everyone else is using self-driving cars.

There is such an obvious "fix" in to cook the books to force these down our throats.
&gt;Robinson Pinilla-Bolivar’s girlfriend claims that as she was washing dishes, Pinalla-Bolivar asked her to smell his armpit.

&gt;She says she said no ... he responded by hitting her on the back of the head with a closed fist, and then held a knife to her.

wat
I live in Midland, I wouldn't put it past some if the people here
Does anyone else have those play fights with your significant other where you chase them around and try to make them smell your armpits? 
what a time to be alive
Was he wearing deodorant?
&gt; Sara Bustilloz tells CBS 7 that Robinson Pinilla-Bolivar’s girlfriend claims that as she was washing dishes, Pinalla-Bolivar asked her to smell his armpit.

So wait, who is Sara Bustilloz? Why is she relevant to the story? Who am I? What am I doing here?
I clicked on the link to find out what all the stink was about.
"Not the onion"

Well maybe in this case his armpit was.
Pffft.. Florida Man would have assaulted his girlfriend with more flair, for not licking his armpit.
I'm from Canada so excuse my ignorance, but I can't seem to find Texas on a Florida map... Can anybody help be out?
I didn't read the article but I assume the title is just a mistake and is supposed to read "Florida man..."
Okay so... this isn't the appropriate course of action when you've got a unique stink to share?
I get it.
/r/texasman ?
As someone living in Florida right now, thank you Texas for taking on some of the burden of hosting these kinds of stupid story...
Of course this was in west Texas. I saw the title and  the pic and I thought to myself please dont be west Texas. Sure enough it is. 
PULL MY FINGER!! DO IT!!
Ctrl+F Florida
42 results
Yep
as the old saying in texas goes "if she don't smell pits, she gon get hit"
This is my hometown, I saw it on Facebook last night. Typical Midland shit. You know Midland is the hometown of Laura and President George W. Bush, right?
Can we just castrate him so we dont have to put up with his offspring?
But he was trying to make her HAPPY!!!
http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/science/2015/04/happy_sweat_scent_study_the_smell_of_happiness_may_be_contagious.html
What's his reddit username?

Florida man  here. 

It's a good day for us. 
In Florida it would be reversed " man assaults himself because he couldn't smell his own armpits".
Uhmmm.. What?
The pitfall of this relationship. 
My girlfriend does this to me all the time...minus the knife and punch to the back of the head.
Waaay too much testosterone going on here.
Enjoy this one Mr Public Defender.  God I bet those guys never run out of stories.  I envy how popular they are in the bars.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihooetXni88

THIS ^^^^
This whole situation is the pits.

'Murica 
HA AMERICA. ITS NOT FLORIDA FOR ONCE
She probably would have died smelling that stinking armpit, I think she got off lucky. Mom and dad must be proud of that boy though
Seems like a perfectly reasonable thing to be happening in Texas..
Don't you find it infuriating, though, when someone refuses to smell your armpit?
Maybe he shouldn't have been all... Up in arms about it
Another white guy goes to jail!  http://www.txdps.state.tx.us/Texas10MostWanted/fugitives.aspx

So Florida man lives in Texas now...
Wow. What did she see in him? I can't even get women to notice me... :-(
Well, sometimes you have to find out if you need to shower or if you can put it off for a day.
Typo, suppose to say wouldn't put it past some of the people, not if. 
Buisness as usual here in Texas
K... KEEP ME POSTED
I've gotten in civil disputes with my significant other whenever she wouldn't smell the pit of my arm.
that's weird, because i heard he was armless
Lol. For a moment I thought this was my neighbour. Dudes look similar.
In one of the Fappening videos the actress from Downton Abbey was trying to convince her boyfriend to let her smell his asshole. 

Maybe we should introduce these two to each other. 
no balls
Smell it. SMELL IT!!!
Thatsa kooky meximan! 
WTF
I wonder this was some type of fetish he just wanted to try, and the roids for the best of him 
My GF smells mine while we are laying in bed. I find it weird lol. 
A new take on foul play
I think we've ALL been there..
This could be us but you sniffin'
Damnit Texas...
He knew he was going to assault her one way or the other.
kind of off-topic but has anyone seen/come across that genre in porn where the "actors" get off on smelling one another's flatulence? How did we evolve to that?  Face sitting &amp; someone accidentally farts?  I know the Japanese are into armpit stuff.  I'm a foot guy, but not into smelling peoples feet to get off. 
Please don't be from rgv. Please don't be from rgv. Yes! Midland! 
Man, i bet that stinks...

My girlfriend always smells my armpit when we are cuddling.  I tell her to stop because it's embarrassing but she seems to like it.  lol
dem pheromones tho
[This man assaulted his wife WITH his armpit](http://thebiglead.com/2014/05/27/baseball-fan-rubs-hand-in-armpit-gives-it-a-smell-sticks-hand-under-wifes-nose/)
Before I clicked on this I was like bet this happened in Midland or Odessa I was right.
I punched my ex gf in the arm once when we were driving and she said something that triggered a bunch of built up anger I had. Like the kind of punch that you'd give to a guy in the shoulder just to be a dick, not even that hard. She freaked and I felt really bad like I had some closet abuser in me that just popped out. I hope I never do that again to a woman, it was wrong.
😳 Murcia 
/r/maledom
Texas man is slowly replacing Florida man.
I want to hear his side. 
/r/simcityquotes
There are better ways to assert your dominance.
me_irl
Who else really wants to see Texas man and Florida man fight to the death? 
Good thing he did not ask her to pull his finger

There is a typo in this story... this could not have happened anywhere other than Florida.
**sigh..** I was raised in a town 30 minutes from here, Midland was basically the town you went to get things because my town was so small that it didn't have anything more than a grocery store, some mom and pop restaraunts and a couple hardware stores. I'm honestly not surprised to hear of something this stupid.. 
I don't get it. Why wouldn't she just smelled his pit? 
Fucking Midland
Lol. That's hilarious!
Oh, Texas.
needs better title.

*goes to www.fark.com*
Well shit. My home town makes the front page and it's for this...
&gt; Florida man accused of assaulting girlfriend after she wouldn't smell his armpt

FTFY
How do people like this find a girlfriend?
We have now confirmed that people from Florida can make it to Texas.
Seems like a perfectly reasonable , mentally stable question to ask, and equally reasonable/stable response. I don't get it.
That stinks 
I can't wait to see what Florida Man does to one up this tomorrow. 
Regulate! 
it was the principle of the matter. 
I read the headline three times because my brain kept changing Texas to Florida. 
Clearly he just wanted to take her to Pittsburgh. 
Sometimes having someone smell my armpit is in and of itself assault.
At least he made front page
Thank god this wasn't in Florida.

Watch out Florida Man, there's a new game in town!
WTF
Did he at least threaten her with one of the clean knives? Because if not, that's just fucking unsanitary.
Wonder what he would have done to her if she refused to "pull my finger".
well, this is weird but I smell that's not the real/only reason for their fight - it sure does look good as a headline
it would be texas
Hmmmmm. Can't let these pheromones of awesomeness go to waste....Hey chica, smell my pits. You know you want me. My odor is irresistible.  Wat? Biatch! Are you loca? These pits are the best pits you'll ever have. (donkey punch)
Some things should stay in Japan, where their culture can deal with it.
Fucking texas
I'm in Texas and all I can say is "WTF?!"
Hey Florida, Texas stole one of your men.
I did the same.
I kinda feel like we don't need to know about the (lack of) armpit smelling part. I mean the reason seems sort of arbitrary in this case, like this guy probably would have assaulted her anyways over just about anything. But I guess 'Texas man accused of assaulting girlfriend because he was drunk/an asshole' doesn't really have the same catch to it.
I thought the title meant that the girlfriend was just so offended that she accused him of assault because of the smell or something. I am not a smart man.

At least I don't go around assaulting girlfriends I suppose.
their relationship must really be in the pits
This depresses me that I am still single.
This man is obviously insane at worst and an abusive asshole at best. I real piece of shit. 

Sometimes you do want to share though. If your so isn't down with smelling it just move on. 
My brain auto corrected that title to "Florida man" 
I'd to hate to see this guy as a kid during Halloween. 

Crazed Texan Boy: Trick or treat! Smelly my feet!

Nice Texan Granny: Oh what a lovely little costume! Here's some candy!

Crazed Texan Boy: I said my smell my feet....
So not Florida man?
Probably a Syrian refugee....
I thought this was in /r/floridaman at first.
It's only smellz
Texas man is actually Florida man's brother. **THE MORE YOU KNOW**
this isn't suppose to be funny right lol..
I would expect this sort of behavior from Florida man, but Texas man?
Sadly, this is true. I'm so embarrassed to be apart of the same community. 
Texas.
wait, maybe it was the onion this time..
Hopefully, prison will provide him with the *right guard*.
I wonder if he's related to Florida Man.

I'm surprised it wasn't Florida this time
no mention is made of it but i wonder how much if any booze was involved to make that seem like a good idea.
Texas should be the penultimate state to be the driver's seat in education and textbooks.
She was the William Wallace of our time. Never give up, never surrender, and especially, never smell the armpit! !
Florida Man* - FTFY
http://imgur.com/ofiF40V this never stops being relevant
[You English think you are soo superior](http://i.imgur.com/x8Xx5Gz.png)
If it were Florida she'd be dead. And partially eaten.
that guy should be added to the human centipede queue. gets to be a smeller and smellee.
Well now I want to know what it smelled like.
This dog needs to be put down
My boyfriend Dutch ovens me. Would that qualify as intentional infliction of emotional distress? I'd like to pursue legal recourse before I assault his stink ass.
Nature selection  wont be kind to him. 
The immediate cause is inconsequential. Eventually he would have assaulted her anyway.
I can't help but feel he may have overreacted a bit here. 
*Florida Man
Is it possible that TX could be becoming FL
For once it's not florida man!
Florida man loses the bet.
*Rhianna voice* "bitch better smell my armpit"
Did he smell like Microsoft Office 2007?
I'm going to be law enforcement in florida... between the stupidity there and Iraq ptsd I should have one hell of a career 
Everyone knows that you should never ever hit a woman. The appropriate recourse is a well prepared dutch oven
**Allegedly**. This is literally just what his girlfriend said happened. So it could be true - or we could be helping her to ruin this man's reputation out of spite.
You misspelled *Florida*.
Texas Man

Texas Man

Does anything

A Florida Man can do! 
Wait.... what? She didn't smell his armpit? That's really messed up
This is why I believe there is nothing special about Florida.  Stupidity is *everywhere*.  It's as inescapable as gravity.
Its not love until you smell somebody's armpit. 
She should have known that smelling his armpit was in odor.
Are you sure you did not spell Florida right, OP? 

Sounds like a Florida man activity. 
Ten bucks says she doesn't break up with him.
I normally try not to laugh at domestic violence but damn.
Women complain about men always wanting the same old thing and not wanting to try something new and different, but when one of us suggests something new and romantic like armpit-sniffing they go and flip their shit. We can't win!
happy men day. 
Welcome to Texas
All of Florida just breathed a sigh of relief.
Should have just smelled the armpit.
If you're stupid enough to date a guy like that, you'd better smell his armpit when he asks you to.

edit: Oh right, because I'm sure his violence caught her completely by surprise...*"he was a great guy before the armpit incident. I'm still shocked!"*. 
Another fantastic addition to our society from south of the border.
Been Facebook free for a month... Now I'm just on Reddit 24/7.
[deleted]
I don't think this deserves to be on /r/nottheonion. It makes perfect sense to me.
[deleted]
I wonder what a day of work is like at the happiness research institute. 
Agreed!

Source: I quit that shit 3 years ago and haven't missed it. 
I can understand this, except I use facebook for talking people so so much, whether it's for uni group work to organise everything or just staying in touch with people. I couldn't give up facebook because of that, but I probably would happily just not have a newsfeed.

Not sure why this is in 'Not the Onion'.
*study shows you should hit the gym and lawyer up*
Quit in January, never looked back

But I am on twitter and obviously reddit so I kinda feel like I'm making up for it
Facebook isn't bad if you use it as a tool instead of as a substitute for interacting with people. I've lived in a half dozen cities in my life and have friends all over the world, and FB is legitimately the only reason why I'm still in touch with many of them. My rule is that nobody can be my friend on Facebook that I wouldn't let crash at my house for the night ... I hover around 40 people. 
Some of us use Facebook to keep in touch with people we actually know.  Friending a hundred strangers and then complaining about the content of your newsfeed seems a bit silly to me...
Once again, the media and the researchers have exaggerated the findings.

In a nutshell, the study does not provide evidence that quitting facebook will make you happier.

Rather it showed that for some people, quitting facebook for a week slightly increased their well-being temporarily (on a scale from 1-10, the facebook group scored 7.8 while the non-facebook group scored 8.1 - that's a tiny effect).
There's nothing wrong with it, unless you're the type that can't not check it.

For people with self control or for people that don't need to check it often it's a worthwhile way for keeping in touch even if all you do is send or receive PM's.


[deleted]
Guess the only Reddit post that is not going to be shared on FB.
i like this study *clicks like*


I've never joined Facebook.

Nor MySpace.

Or really any social media besides twitter, but that's because I don't need to use my real name and I don't have people I know in real life hunting me down on there.

Whenever I say this people look at me like I have three heads. :|
Facebook free since 2008. Do it people, cut the cord. 
Facebook is just like anything ease, you either control it or you let it control you . 

Facebook is great for keeping up with friends, staying current with friends and news, and meeting new people and making connections.  The moment you let it degenerate into an obsession whereas you try to embellish your real life so that it looks good on Facebook, that's the moment that it's become something unhealthy for you . 
&gt;For a happier life, quit having shitty Facebook friends

FTFY
I quit because I was tired of feeling lonely. I have a gf but my friends weren't around and I felt like Facebook gave me a false sense of friendship. I had to quit because I didn't want to hate people for what they posted and most of them were family so I didn't choose anyone for anything, I just gave up on them.
Can confirm, approaching two years FB free and happier for it. There's just so much less incessant bullshit in my life because of it.

I read something recently like 'adulthood involves learning that some friends are just a good for a period of your life'; there's no need to force holding on to something that will naturally change. Dad warned me about this years ago, and the older I get the more I see the truth of it. Hell don't speak to my best friends for months or years, and then it's as if no time has passed at all when we catch up.
Personally, I find that Facebook is very useful for its messaging/phoning, its ability to let you follow a few "interests" (e.g. sports teams, podcasts, etc.), and its event planning feature. Other than those few benefits, its pretty much just the "negatives" described by this article.

Therefore, I blocked every person off my newsfeed (I will admit, I kept my family). I feel this has the result that I get to keep the "positives" of Facebook without having to deal with the "negatives".
so basically, if you use facebook as a substitute for a social life you're going to be dissatisfied with your social life.  huh.
Deactivated mine yesterday! 
I rejoined about a year ago and now only use it as a tool instead of as a substitute for interacting with people.
I only stopped using FB because every time I'd have lunch with a friend we had nothing to talk about. We knew what was already going on in each other's life. Then I realized how creepy it all is. Everyone I know is looking into my life provided I'm updating everything about my life of course.
Deactivated my account a few months ago and I whole heartedly agree. 
I did this almost 3 years ago, and I haven't looked back. For me it was the time. Two minutes here, five there, and so on. I figured it was between 60 and 90 minutes per day, more on weekends. I don't miss it at all.
Instead of giving up Facebook, I'd say giving up a smart phone would lead to more happiness.
reddit's fine though.
I think it's quite telling that this is on the NotTheOnion sub. The levels of "addictions" to social media coming out of studies are quite interesting.
Can confirm, off facebook for over 1 year now, after been on since 2008!  It seems like it's been the best year of my life.
"Always envious?" Nope. Guess I don't have a problem then.

I use facebook for meeting up for climbing, camping and keeping in touch with friends who are abroad, I'm not giving that up.

Anyway, why do people on reddit hate facebook so much? Reddit is nearly as bad.

Edit: Facebook groups are great if you live in a smaller town, search the name of the town and find things that are going on with real social interaction. I've found climbing groups, hiking groups, bear making groups, entrepreneurial groups in an area I thought was completely dead.
I'm in the process of giving up Facebook. I don't have Facebook on my phone anymore (freaky privacy risk and battery hog) and I'm on a personal challenge of not logging in again until March next year. Please encourage me..
Delete Facebook, join Xvids. 
I got rid of my FB over 2 years ago and I don't miss it at all. When I see how often my husband checks it, it makes me kinda sad. I mean at least on reddit, there's a chance you could learn something, on FB it's the same bullshit opinions, reposts, and week old reddit articles over and over again. Quite frankly, I find it rather depressing. I try to avoid looking at it, if my friends have something to tell me, they know what my phone number is. 
We needed a study for this? Meaningful relationships are built through personal communication (face to face, phone calls, video chat). Sharing bits and pieces (usually the best ones) ends in both ends getting a skewed view of the other.
Facebook makes you live in the past.  Half of the posts on my feed are posts from Reddit a few days ago.  
Eh I gave it up two years ago. I wouldn't say I'm happier but it's nice to not see that bullshit anymore.


People aren't unhappy because they use Facebook. They use Facebook because they are unhappy. Give it up and what are they going to do? Commit suicide?
I'm from Missouri and I have found it necessary to quit Facebook for a week or two every time we embarrass ourselves, most recently Ferguson and Mizzou, not only for my happiness but also for my mental health.  


But I find it helpful to first go through and unfollow or unfriend people while they are revealing their true racist selves.
Cool study. 

I've been FB free for about.....5 years now. I quit when I was still in college because it was making me miserable. I was going through a rough patch in my life, and considering that most of hte kids I went to highschool with were VERY wealthy private school kids it was full of people my age having extravagant vacation pictures....while I was a public university studying economics.

So I quit. I didn't bother deleting my profile (I'm sure it's still there), which is unfortunate, but it's certainly a picture of me from about 5-6 years ago. Here a few of the repercussions it's had on my life. 

- relationships. I've found out that people I don't even know have been married! Of course, none of them to each other, but whatever. 

- People have died! Once ina  while I'll get a call or txt from my friend saying 'oh you remember *name* from AP lit? Car crash. They say he was drunk' =(

- Parties. I've missed out on some parties that friends of mine have thrown. Of course, I don't live in the same city as them anymore, so whatever. 

- You've gained weight? You've lost weight? Either way, we're both older now.

- You've got a kid? I'll politely ask to see one picture of them, and then thank the fucking stars that I don't have to see 9 months of your pregnancy, along with every single fucking thing your little offspring did. 

- All of my ex GFs? Couldn't care less. I no longer run the risk of drunkenly facebook stalking them and thinking "oh if only..."

- Those memories of the hot girl from highschool? It's better if you remember her as the hot girl from highschool....not the girl who became a cashier at chick-fil-ay, crapped out 3 kids before the age of 23, and became a hardcore anti-LGBT conservative. 

- People think I"m dead. It's true. They actually think I died. I had to call one of my ex-roommates not so long ago and re-assure her that I hadn't fled to mexico or become a part of witness-protection.
For a happier life, give up Reddit, same study implies.
I currently follow more bands and music related content on facebook than I have friends. It's all about tailoring your feed to what you want to see.
I agree. When I'm truly happy and enjoying life, I never post on facebook. Because I'm too busy having a good time than announcing it on social media.
Can confirm.  Facebook free for years. Very satisfied with life and not having to see all the selfies that I don't care about.
I gave up Facebook and now have no friends. Don't do it, people!! Take it from me, Zark Muckerberg! I was just a plain ol fella. Now I'm a friendless plain ol fella.
18 months free and clear. I slowly backed out by gradually marking all of my posts private only to me (oldest ones first) until eventually no one could see anything in my history or my profile. I shut off all notifications via email and text and logged out of the app (or just never installed it).

I remember my first birthday Facebook free. It felt so "real" again. I love it.
I know this is pathetic. But when I stopped going on Facebook, it relieved a massive amount of stress. It was as if I was harnessing other people's problems just by reading about them.  I guess it's the same reason I never read the news. It's always negative. 
So, if you're vain and self-centered and overly competitive in life, Facebook will make you unhappy? 

The only reason I stopped using it, sometime in mid 2006, was because I just couldn't see one more meal someone took a picture of or read a fake conversation between to married people who are clearly in the same room as one another.
I'm slowly giving up FB bc I can't stand all the false info that just gets regurgitated on a daily basis. People can't even take 30 seconds to search to see if something is true before they repost it. Pisses me off!

Facebook is an absolute joke, like twitter but with less words.
Give up reddit too for an amazing life....said nobody 
Can confirm, i have been facebook free for three-four years.
I lied, i have a sleeper account that i re activate when i want to jerk it to old crushes
Did you delete your Facebook or just suspend your account? It's super creepy to me when you suspend because you just log in like normal and come back and you have notifications of everything that happened while.. So basically it does nothing.

I deleted my account (you have to go through a longer process and it takes a couple weeks for them to do it), and I've never been more alone. I'm not even kidding, my last post was giving people my number, I got a couple texts, hung out with those people once or twice, and now I only see my wife and two best friends regularly. I think that was the biggest thing: finding out that out of 400 or so people on my list, only two truly wanted to make an effort to maintain a friendship offline. 
I ain't even mad! I check Reddit in the morning, but otherwise I've been reading again, cooking, and spending time with my kids that would otherwise have been interrupted by looking at my phone every 5 minutes.
Then how am I going to get invited to stuff? evites? HA.
I gave up facebook about a year ago because I was tired of seeing my high school friends bitch about their lives and post the same memes over and over from 2011.
Coincidentally enough, when I dropped Facebook for 2 months this year (July through September) it was the most productive I'd been in years to be honest.
The phone alerts... friends requiring attention... endless discussions on opinions... Facebook was killing me. I left it behind a year ago. Went to work for another company and doubled its size. Bought a tower crane and got it rented out. Started another company to expand on the services of the first. There are friends I wish that I could keep up with, but overall the platform and the social interaction is way too demanding and stifling. I wonder if it's quantifiable to see how much production is lost likely due to Facebook? 
I quit using Facebook after they kicked me off for not spelling my name correctly 

Don't miss it at all 
If you spend a lot of time in a social setting where you don't truly like most of the people, its not going to make you happy.
It's true, gave up Facebook and just use reddit for entertainment now. Feel much happier, still no social life though...
Original study [conclusions](http://www.happinessresearchinstitute.com/download/i/mark_dl/u/4012182887/4624845731/The%20Facebook%20Experiment.pdf). I hate it when these aren't linked.
I've been In a bit of a depression rut lately. I think that at the stem of it is an extremely low self image that keeps resurfacing.  I deleted almost all of my social media and the with the remaining I unfollowed/blocked/unsubscribed to a wide variety of content I don't need to see. It's crazy but I feel 10x better. It's so nice to not scroll through so much bullshit of people's perfect lives. Being (almost) social media free is one of the best decisions I've made. 
It's difficult to wank over girls I like without having access to their pics. 
Initially read the headline as "For a happier life, give up, study says."
Cracked a smile.
I quit about 2 years ago, it was hard but I'm over it. Too busy to give a fuck at this point and the people that I lost obviously weren't important to me if they're not in contact with me now. That's all I gotta say. ;) 
obvious story is obvious.

no one needs the instance convenience of knowing that at any given moment, someone on the planet is doing better than you, on a vacation while you work, kid won an award instead of your kid, etc.

it's the ultimate site of comparing hundreds of their highlight reels to your single blooper reel (source:internet).

of course many (most) people are better off without it.
I have Facebook for 2 reasons. 
1. The messenger app and website is brilliant, contacting anyone is easy and quick.
2. All events seem to be all through Facebook now. 

Apart from that, no use from my end. I'm happy. 
I hardly use Facebook and I'm still pissy. I believe college is huge part of that problem though. 
Quit Facebook.

Hit the gym.

Lawyer up.
Can I quit without people thinking I unfriended them?
As civil as I can keep it: I've had boners every day since I deleted mine. What does that say?
Honestly, if Facebook is making you unhappy, you got bigger motherfucking issues. Use technology, don't let it use you. 
Less Facebook more reddit
If only it were that simple.
Now I've got a very series question. I don't have a facebook, but I'm considering getting one because I've been told it's easier to talk with acquaintances of the opposite gender in order to feel them out to potentially start dating them. I am single. What do you guys think about this? I'm not looking for facebook to magically get me a girlfriend, but I could imagine it could streamline the process of talking with girls to get a date. I'm not looking for a hookup or anything, which i feel is relevant to mention.
And that goes double for Reddit! 
I have a facebook, but I'm over it.
I don't have one and my life is pretty miserable. 

Wow this is probably so true. But I might have a notification so I'm going to Facebook and scanning my newsfeed mindlessly for ten minutes. 
But I'm considering it so you can end up feeling shit.
Your post, sponsored by Mutiny.
Now... If I could only give up Reddit as well....
I only use facebook for catchups with old friends.
But I'm still totally miserable.
It's me, not Facebook.
Or you could just be smarter about how you use it.

I literally just use it to talk with a group I formed with a small group of friends (about 7 of us total), message my girlfriend and keep in touch with people in case for some weird reason I need to talk to someone who's contact info I don't have.
I turned off notifications and I'm never on it anymore. Best part is, when I do go on I actually have notifications and I'm only on for 5 minutes
I gave up Facebook a little more than two years ago and found Reddit at the same time. Now I just hate myself more. 

But I've found dank memes so I've got that going for me I guess.
Deleted it 3 months ago. So much less wasted time

Edit: I'm now realizing Reddit took its place... I care more about you guys than my so called "friends"
I only use it for chat and managing bands through it

Other than that I don't care what you had for lunch or what your cat did today. 
I'd say this is obvious
Looks like I'm going back to Myspace then. 
I feel like this study is five years too late to be relevant.
I read this, then immediately checked my Facebook...shit
hasn't this been known for a while now? i remember seeing a study or two saying that more social media leads to more depression or something like that. it's because you compare yourself to other people's lives. of which, they only mostly post the positive stuff happening in them.
No facebook for like 8 years now. I'm not happy all of the time, so I would say this study is bull. 
I quit it for three years until I got married and my wife didn't want to be married to a "Facebook ghost." Starting up again at age 31 when I had joined during its college-only days was great. It's now my actual 30 friends instead of 500 nobodies.
I gave up facebook after the first day. Still unhappy.
I agree Facebook is toxic! &lt;refreshes front page&gt;
Recently on a drunken evening to myself I deleted everyone (I was being really weepy about not having any real friends anymore.) I expected maybe one or two people to ask "Hey, what happened?" but so far nada. No one has noticed that they don't have my number nor an online contact. I guess I could delete the whole thing but I really am too lazy to go through and download all of my photos.
Yeah, I think there's a lot more websites that need to go in the title. 
Instead of giving up Facebook, I'd say giving up a smart phone would lead to more happiness.
Many of my friends still use it for events, hell I even use it to coordinate my DND group simply because everyone has an account there. However I'm pulling away from actually using it. I need to unfollow more people.
For a happier life, figure out how you can use Facebook to make you money. 
who needs Facebook when you have reddit

Have been Facebook Free since JUL 14' and joined Reddit soon afterwards. BEST. DECISION. EVER. 
Give up Facebook? Something society would NEVER do collectively.  Too weak and insecure to not crave attention and would not be able to resist stalking on their friends and foes.


Just not friending idiots works well for me instead. Except those terrible family members or psuedofriends you can't unfriend because of awkward run-ins... those you just hide from appearing on your wall. And the housewife who posts 40 pictures of their kid a day. 
Done.  See you tomorrow, reddit.
Gave up Facebook in July. The results in my personal life have been tremendously positive. Or at least my perception has- which I suppose is reality if I'm happier for haven given it up. 

Couple quick points:

1. I miss the family photos. 
2. Facebook has now replaced the telephone for distributing personal news/announcements.
3. Keeping up with my old friends' lives- whether due to mil deployment, spread out across the world, etc.

I've noticed people react to you quitting Facebook like they discovered you've had a complete mental breakdown and been in an institution for the past 6 months. Lots of shock, reassurance and concern. And the promise that they believe you can come back from this difficult situation- of quitting social media. Odd experience.
I literally just deactivated my facebook yesterday because I didn't like my web presence on the site and now all these post are popping up on reddit. People are going to think reddit made me do it. Just my luck.
Left facebook 6 months ago and I don't miss it at all. I shudder at how much time I spent just looking at my phone going through the newsfeed. 
As I type on Reddit, deleting facebook was the best decision I made in 2013. I feel way happier, and even though it has uses for some classes and educational groups, it's not worth it for everything else that comes along with it. Never going back
Nice try, MySpace
Why do people need to quit? Are these people a bit obsessed, like alcoholics or something? I'm sure for most quitting would make no difference.
ITT: How do you find out if someone doesn't use Facebook? Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Whenever I sometimes login in my FB account, my eyes starts to bleed after seeing the shit spread on my feed. My hand eventually close that tab and return me to my favorite place, Reddit. 
TLFR: People were told to give up Facebook and report if they feel better in some aspects, and slightly more reported yes than the test group where nothing changed. Sounds like a placebo effect to me. They knew they were giving it up for a positive improvement in their life, so they were expecting and looking for that, and they believe they got it. 


Can confirm this. I've been off Facebook over a year and I won't say I'm *happier*, but I definitely don't have a big "**FAILURE FAILURE HAHAHA FAILURE YOU'RE ENVIOUS HAHA**" being shoved in my face whenever I wanted to see what all my friends were up to.

Facebook is a good social networking tool, but honestly, it's more of a cesspool of hubris, especially if you know a lot of financially and opportunistically privileged people.
I didn't even join in the first place.
Why is this on nottheonion?  It's legit, real, and obvious advice.  Quit facebook years ago.
Like
I use to get major fomo all the time but I've disciplined myself to once a week Facebook checking, no more fomo, I'm focused on myself more and more in toon with life. Try limiting yourself and I promise you will feel happier!
gave up facebook 6 years ago.  Missed it for 3 months.  Feel like a genius that I left so early.
Also remember that Facebook lives from roping in new people and doing shit like spamming your contacts, creating the "I can't have a social life without Facebook" feeling. Please stop using it. If not for your sake, then for the sake of other people who get roped in and exploited because "everyone's on it"
What's with all these people letting this shit mess with their lives. I use Facebook for close friends and family. Delete people  whenever I want to. Literally 0 stress or issues from it
&gt;For a happier life, give up, Facebook study says

Got it.
Been free from social media except for reddit and YouTube for 4 years and I can tell you I'm happy as ever and don't give a fuck what other people are up to
Ive just stopped caring about it. Its great for friends and relatives birthdays. But the posts are rarely anything worth reading. I maybe post something once every three months. Usually when im trying to sell something or find people to do something.
Give up Facebook, Not reddit...
True or not, this kind of bullshit study makes me less happy 
I cut down my friends list from 500+ to about 70. A large chunk of that is family and the rest are close friends whom I truly care about. I'd like to know if the quantity and quality of relationships on social networks can impact a users experience in the same way. 

A lot of people have hundreds of "friends" online and can spend hours scrolling and comparing "lives". I'd like to know if people like me who are more selective have more positive experiences- or maybe it doesn't matter at all and quitting FB would still make me happier than screening friends.
Vouch.
Yeah this is very true. I haven't had a facebook for like 6 months. Feels good bro. Now I just look back thinking, "Why the fuck did I even have a facebook in the first place?"
The only reason why I'm still on Facebook is because my class has a Facebook group where we share information for the homework, the tests, etc. 
What really bothers me about this is that this review does an inadequate job of describing the conditions of the study. What were the happiness levels of the subjects going into the research? Were these people in similar conditions to each other (I've heard that Denmark has the highest proportion of [i want to say Commonwealth? damn you Fallout 4!] interconnected communities of any first-world country --see Happy the documentary-- does one of these populations differ from any other in that sense?) What did other people DO in the time that they weren't on Facebook? Is it that time spend on Facebook decreases happiness, or that time spent with family and other close-communities increase happiness? What was the value of P in this study, was is &lt;0.05 (generally used as a significant finding)? If it was not, why not? You cannot just list differences in the end values between the communities without defining all of the parameters that you began with. E.g. community 1 starts with a 30% happiness rating and ends with a 34% happiness rating. Community 2 starts with a 40% happiness rating and ends with a 44% happiness rating. OMG AT THE END OF THE STUDY COMMUNITY 2 IS SO MUCH HAPPIER! ehhhhhhh, not really.

Sorry for the 17 pages, but low-quality publications often use these tricks to over-extrapolate on data that are not significant, I'm weary of seeing these things on my front page of reddit.

Edit: added the "0.0" before the P value to make it more correct, damn my drunken arguments.
Or block your friends who post depressing shit all the time
You also live a happier life when you stop living such a phony persona pretending to be friends with people you hate.  For me Facebook is where my friends and I share pictures and chat.  What's bad about that?  I hear people complain on reddit all the time about Facebook, and to me it sounds like you are hating most of the people on there, and instead of manning up and getting rid of them, you just come here and post pictures of how awful they are.  Don't blame Facebook you're the one keeping these people around. 
I now only use Facebook to message my friends or communicate with my group for university. 
Facebook is full of toxic sludge. I have never been happy I reactivated my account. I am much better off without it. 
Facebook has morphed into everyone's daily Christmas letter. A gold plated highlight reel. I actually have an amazing life, but Facebook made me feel like shit. Haven't logged on in a month, and I feel great. 
I quit Facebook about 3 months ago and it's fantastic! I'm not comparing myself to other people as much and my overall anxiety has decreased. Haven't missed it a bit. 
Or just dont be a total naecist about facebook and everything is ok
I've never used Facebook. I'm not happy. What are these lies, OP???
"Instead of focusing on what we actually need, we have an unfortunate tendency to focus on what other people have," the authors of the study wrote.

Damn, quote of the year. Nietzsche keen! 

A week? This is hardly saying anything, it's not uncommon for people even  logging in at that rate. Plus, there's a widespread culture of people not having Facebook being overly proud of it - of course the subjects of this test are feeling happier! Try this for like two years and see how people feel about it then.
i just hate facebook because of the innumerable amount of dumb shit people say/post on there. i don't have that whole "aw everyone on facebook has a better life than me and I feel inadequate" thing
if youre the kind of person who's happiness is dictated by facebook, youre what's wrong with people in today's society
Nice try, MySpace.
So true. Most the poeple I know who use Facebook (all adults, not sure why) are constantly complaining and gossiping about something __ said on their wall. It seems to me that that site is pure cancer.
I pretty much just use facebook to monitor if someone passes away. I know. It's dead depressing. 
Quit 4 years ago, my feed was just filling up with things I couldn't give a toss about. I was and still am 100% happier for it.
Ssshhh! They are listening 
Quit FB 5 months ago. this forces my family to actually initiate contact when my ( mostly old, and getting older ) aunts &amp; uncles die. Facebook isn't a News Source for that sort of thing. When the uncle who took me in when my father kicked me out, dies... Call / Message Me. 
that's just one example of the Idiocracy of the FB generation. Don't assume that everyone else is going to spend their time following your thoughts and actions. Most of it is inane trifle. 
The more time you spend on FB, the more money your give to its advertisers and owners. The more you allow the world into your private affairs.
For a happier life, give up Facebook, study says"
Seriously: I thought that this was self evident..?
I'm not Facebook free, but I will say that since I got a job, I've used it SO much less. Now that I have Fallout 4, I use it even less. I don't feel any different, but I am happier when I play fallout.
I haven't been to Facebook since 2011, it was so weird not knowing what to do whenever you are on the internet for the first few months. After a while, you will find much, much better things to do on while browsing the interwebs. Like looking at dank memes, who needs facebook when you got dank memes?
sounds about right
Left Facebook about 4 months ago. Never felt better at least on Reddit you can learn something and have some good conversation. Facebook is just drama and spam.
I ditched my FB in grad school. Of all people, it was a *monk* friend of mine who suggested I get back on to connect with friends since I was depressed a bit. I did. Made it worse. 
I'm 19 and have been Facebook free for 7 years. It's a boring pit of despair and depressive drama. It's just a contest, it's not socialization. 
For a happier life, give up, Facebook study says.

I like this arrangement better.
As someone who works in IT I never understood the appeal of putting your life online. The LAST thing I want to do in my freetime is spend more time on a computer. Says the guy browsing reddit.
I got rid of my reddit time is spent on the NotTheOnion sub.
Well i stopped facebooking few months ago, somehow i am not interested in knowing where people are going on weekends,who is getting married, who is vacationing and who is venting somehow i feel it has become a medium to feed your ego. As if telling the world what you are doing right now some how improves your social status, rather it instils an individual with a strong sense of FOMO (fear of missing out). 
Reddit Supremacy!
I've cut way back on Facebook. I've deleted it three times but the last time was earlier this year and it doesn't let you actually delete it. You just get a message that says you can just log back in any time and your profile will be there. I thought that was stupid so I just deleted everyone off of my friends list.

I miss some of my high school friends but I'm never going to talk to them besides Facebook so it didn't matter.

I do currently use it because I had to add a bunch of people to work out a meet-up for a music festival. I still have most of them added but I try not to post or anything.
Literally the only reason i have facebook is to stay in contact with relatives, i rarely ever use it for anything else.
Just moved to college, and FB is the only way my old friends have a chance of keeping up with what i'm doing and vice versa. 


Considering I primarily use fb as a medium to see what my friends are up,  events or work related items. It doesn't really make me envious. And since its not a high priority anymore I think I can deal with it :
Facebook free for over a year. This article is too true. Who gives a shit about everyone you ever met. Most of them are assholes anyway hahaha
I didn't have Facebook for about 3 years. I was awesome. Now that I'm traveling and living in different places, I'm meeting people who I would most likely never talk to again without it. It didn't take me much to give in, just a hard goodbye, but that's all I use it for now really. Chatting with old friends. 
Didn't work.
Had like 150 friends on facebook until a year ago or two, not really random people, they were all people I knew and chit-chatted once at least once in my life but both me and a great buddy of mine one day agreed that it's stupid as shit, and unless I'm talking to person all the time, care about them, or directly connected to them at this point of life (like some people from my college group that I wouldn't usually be friends but for the sake of it I am at the time) it's pointless and dumb.


So both of us got on a removing friends from facebook spree, and we made it fun by competing with eachother, whos gonna have the least amout of friends. I'm down to 35 or so friends that I all care for and 5-10 more current, time being friends.


And frankly it's great, no dumb shit continuously spammed, I even enjoy scrolling down from time to time to see how my overseas friends are doing, etc.

Facebook is still very usefull to see how your friends are doing if you didn't directly talk to them in the last week or two and it's still great for chatting and sharing pictures with people that might not have smart phones and Whatsapp, Viber or other thingies.

TL'DR: Personally I think just clearing your facebook friends down to just people you care for is better than giving up facebook entirely.
Haven't used Facebook more than once a month for around a year or two. Used to be somehow addicted way back in the early teens, but now I vent that energy into building pretty buildings in fallout
I bailed on FB a couple of years ago and I'm still STOKED to be free of all that frivolous bullshit. I'm way more isolated and alone socially but I'm stilll 100% against logging back in to FB.  Self isolationism is better than being an active member of FB in my opinion. That shit is  an internet cancer!

I quit last December, and honestly I was a LOT happier in the year of 2015 (and still am so far). It was also easier to mature and focus on the good friends.
I've been of Facebook for about two months now, and I love it. 
Leaving Facebook has made stalking a lot harder. Back to the good old days of lurking in the shadows following people.
I just love how the upper left corner there's a "Share on Facebook" button :)
Looking at other people's HIGH points of their life everyday not is MISLEADING but it makes you feel bad about your life especially when you are having a bad day or a bad patch in your life.

Its misleading because, EVERYONE has a bad patch, but those are rarely put on facebook to show everyone. 

Even if you are not having a bad patch, but in a situation (saving money, looking for employment etc) different from a "facebook friend" who is posting photos of themselves in holidays, eating out in expensive nice restaurants, buying new things etc.... it CAN make you feel down. 



You dont post things that you think arent worth while and it applies to ALL. 

But I have to to promote my business. 
I think that this pastor is a little late in the game. Extremists frowning on Harry Potter and calling J.K Rowling a witch was so five years ago. Isn't Frozen the new giver of gayness? 
My daughter is 10 months old, I was looking forward to sharing Harry Potter with her but now I guess I'm looking for a bucket?
It's actually ambiguous. It could also be understood as the parents should drown themselves, rather than the children. Not that this makes it any better.
I just woke up. I read the thread title and thought, "Man, that pastor looks a lot like Dumbledore."
"He believes Christians will one day be burnt at the stake by homosexuals but ended his speech by saying he wants to give the LGBT community time to repent before using the death penalty against them."

Aw thx bb.
1. Hairy Plotter and the Sorcerer's Bone
2. Hairy Plotter and the Chamber of Deepness
3. Hairy Plotter and the Prisoner of Asskaban
4. Hairy Plotter and the Goblet of Semen
5. Hairy Plotter and the Order of the Penis
6. Hairy Plotter and the Half-Chub Prince 
7. Hairy Plotter and the Dashing Fellows
I am 100% certain that we're conditioned to to ignore crazy people unless they start talking about religion.
Thinks gays will burn Christians at the stake. I think perhaps he is confusing what he wants to do with what gay people would do. The gay are more likely to have a brunch and a dance party later, stake burning is tacky and messy.
Christian here, and this pastor has no idea what the faith is about. I love Harry Potter. 
Better to drown a pastor than miss reading Harry Potter.
This actually came up a few years back when I was in middle school. I went to a catholic school and most people there were relatively "normal" but my Spanish teacher was super crazy religious, and taught us religion more often than Spanish. Well one day she found out I read Harry Potter and instantly spent the next months trying to prove it is uncatholic, with lectures and videos from an ex-meth-addict priest. She hinted at the gay thing, but never fully mentioned it. (I didn't care if he was gay or not) I denied her obviously false statements and she instantly hated me giving me detention every day. It was insane and everyone knew it, I thought I got through this strange belief. 
&gt;He believes Christians will one day be burnt at the stake by homosexuals but ended his speech by saying he wants to give the LGBT community time to repent before using the death penalty against them.

This is why I doubt that this guy is actually crazy, and not a psychopathic opportunist. If he was actually crazy, he would be calling for people to die. Instead, he stops just short, so as to insulate himself from legal reprecussions of that action.
Anybody want to place a bet on how long it will take for his Grindr profile to be leaked?
'American needs to repent: Country music, Harry Potter, How to Train Your Dragon, Radio Stations, Disney' this guy is hilarious. 


Jeez. This guy should just come out of the closet already.
I am 100% certain that left to their own devices, many Christian conservatives would gladly turn the US into a Christian version of theocratic Iran. ﻿
That's not very pro-life...
apparently i missed some hot harry-draco action
At no point in the books does it even mention that he is gay. Rowling confirmed it herself outside the text of the books.
WHAT THE EVER LOVING FUCK...
You guys realize hes calling for the parents to drown not the children. Hes referencing a verse where Jesus says if you cause one of the little ones to stumble itd be better for you to be thrown into the ocean tied to a millstone. Next point.. this guy is an EXTREME legalist. Yes i am Christian.
So he also mentioned *How to Train Your Dragon.*  Was there some gay character in the sequel that I missed?  I didn't watch it
my mother wouldn't let me read HP because she thought magic was satanic. 

am now satan worshipper. 

jk.......  
rowling. 
lol
Something that a lot of people don't realize is that there are extremists in ALL religions.
I feel like I should mention that the vast majority of Christians aren't this batshit crazy.
“I wonder if people are thinking: ‘You know I think this cute little movie is going to indoctrinate my 5-year-old to be a lesbian or treat homosexuality or bestiality in a light sort of way’.” 

Uh...no.
Well, I guess those were his only two options...
It's the epitome of irony and strangeness that CHRISTIANITY (which, whatever it's flaws and failures is based upon the idea of compassion and non-judgement) has become (in some places) the preferred religion of choice for harsh judgements of others...
So this guy is definitely in the closet, right?
This is not Onion-y at all. There being crazy assholes out there isn't funny or news.
Jeez. This guy should just come out of the closet already.
Why are people so fucking violently afraid of gay people?  For fuck's sake, what harm are we actually doing to anyone?  I can understand if you think it's weird (even I do, and I'm gay) but to tell parents they should drown their children?
TL;DR: MASSIVE IRONY. The scripture he is refering to is actually a warning to church leaders and teachers to not abuse their positions and lead the church into foolishness or bad theology.  

As has been pointed out, it seems the pastor is referring to the parents rather than the children, but it's still a wildly abusive and blasphemous use of the Bible.  Contrary to the circle jerk forming in this thread, most Christians would agree that the pastor is abusing the scripture. 

In context, what Jesus was saying is that if a person is in a teaching position within the church and abuses that power, it would be better for everyone if that person would have died. The phrase is meant to denote how destructive that abuse of power is.

I'd like to point out the profound irony of the pastor using the quote in this context, as many Christians, myself included, would see this as an excellent example of pastoral power being abused in such a fashion. The molestation of children by clergy is another example that most of us will identify with. Jesus is warning against this sort of thing when he uses that language.

Another interpretation is that the judgement of God on that individual will be more severe than being drowned in the ocean. This is probably closest to how the pastor was trying to utilize it. I have no problem with Jesus saying "if you prey on children and those who trust you, you will wish you had been drowned."
This has been going on forever though.  I mean, I played Magic: the Gathering &amp; D&amp;D in the 90s and I turned out alright.

Also, hail Satan.
"Watch out for false prophets. They come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves.
Matthew 7:15
I don't care how crazy some public figure is in their ideology, I absolutely hate overtly biased language in reporting.

Also, the title of the article is intensely misleading...to the extent that it is simply not what he said. His statement about the millstone around the neck and being drowned at the bottom of the sea was objectively not about drowning the children.

The reference he made is towards Luke 17:1-3 Which includes the following: "And he [being Jesus] said to his disciples, “Temptations to sin are sure to come, but woe to the one through whom they come! It would be better for him if a millstone were hung around his neck and he were cast into the sea than that he should cause one of these little ones to sin."

A few things to note here considering the context of both those verses and their surrounding context in the book of Luke. 

* 1) Now it is apparent that the speaker was referencing not the children who watched the movies he was condemning. He was referencing the ones who *allowed* the kids to watch them. In other words...it would be better for the *parents* who allowed their kids to watch this stuff to have the millstone around their neck and drowned. The passage in question does not command drowning...nor did the speaker... it states that it would be *better* for that to happen to them. 
* 2) Better than what? Matthew chapter 18 (a similar account of the teaching in Luke 17) makes this plain that it is the final judgement Jesus refers to. In other words **it's a word picture**. Basically Jesus states that it would be better to be forcefully drowned than to have to face what you will by teaching others to sin.


Now having said that: I DO NOT AGREE WITH WHAT THIS SPEAKER HAS TO SAY! Let me make that clear. There is also a lot of theological "eggshells" he's stepping on by making the texts he referenced out to be *directly* about children, but that would require a lot of unnecessary-for-the-topic-at-hand exposition to clarify.

HOWEVER, The writers of the article 1) have crap reporting skills with sickeningly biased use of language and 2) demonstrate an extreme lack in the understanding of Biblical texts. It is very evident that they did not do their research in order to make any kind of attempt at a fairly reported article.

***TL;DR*** -- Guy's messed up for sure, but he objectively did not communicate what the article claims he did with regards to drowning children. They can bash on him all they want, but at least do it with knowledge under your belt and a sense of fairness.
To be really honest Dumbledore being homosexual seems to be very, very shoehorned in. Nothing in the books ever said anything about it, it seems to me like it was more of a publicity thing than anything, and for that I kinda resent the author. Like, the book is fucking over and done with, stop adding unnecessary details.
&gt;He believes Christians will one day be burnt at the stake by homosexuals but ended his speech by saying he wants to give the LGBT community time to repent before using the death penalty against them.

The hypocrisy astounds me.
I'm confused by two points. 

He opens by saying abortions cause billions of deaths. Then he says drowning children is better for them than Harry Potter. So then abortions become good? I'm 95% sure that aborted babies will never see Harry Potter. 


Who was Hiccups mentor? If memory serves Hiccup was self trained. 
Protect the unborn fetuses! Drown the living children for reading!
No, forsure that's sane and logical. While we're at the whole murdering people maybe we should start killing people who want to kill others over *A FUCKING BOOK*
Ain't nothing in Harry Potter that ain't already in the Bible.
I would like to convince him that I have killed a child that looked gay and ask for his blessing. I'd want to have a camera mounted to capture his reaction.
It's funny, the bible make an even bigger deal about working on Sunday, than it does about the gay thing, but no one raises a stink about stoning 7-11 workers.

I believe the fascination with homosexuality say more about the pastor than it does about the "will of god".  As they say, "Thou dost protest too much"
People like this give Christianity a bad name, I go to Church every Sunday and my best friend's gay, not every Christian is like this...
He's a nut, but he was saying the parents should have the millstone tied around their neck, NOT the CHILDREN.

I mean, let's be accurate in our eye-rolling.
What a grumbledore.
A couple years late on the Harry Potter is the devil bandwagon buddy.
An idiot is entrusted with a mouth. 
I agree.
So that's what Harry and Ron were up to in the Gryffindor attic. Hmm...must of missed that chapter.
The louder someone shouts out against being gay,  
the more likely it is they are secretly gay themselves.  

The use of plausible deniability to deflect the suspicions of others has been demonstrated often throughout history. The "*if I shout the loudest about hating something, then they'll never suspect I love that very thing, perchance I start to believe myself I hate that very thing also so that I may stop hating myself*" approach is nothing new. I wonder how many anti-gay pastors are really in the closet themselves.
Why does this make it to the front page? "Stupid guy says stupid shit" Why give this any pub whatsoever? 
Can we please take a moment to observe the "Extreme right wing pastor" part? 

This man speaks for very few. I'm currently on half blood prince and co-leader of a Calvinist bible study. I see nothing wrong with the Harry Potter series in any format. It is FICTION and taken as such. 
Anyone else think this Swanson is a self loathing gay man who really needs to let go of his guilt and come out of the closet and be happy
You know, I could go door to door on the street where I live and find ten neighbors with equally asinine opinions. That doesn't mean I need to give them a voice in a public forum. 

This man is not an elected official. He has no power over anyone beyond his mentally deficient followers, so who gives a fuck what he thinks? If you find what some inconsequential jackass is saying, for fuck sake don't give him an audience.
Oh for.. 
UGH.
THIS IS WHAT GIVES CHRISTIANS A BAD REPUTATION.

Trust me, we're not all homophobic, belligerent, uncaring asshats. In fact I would go as far to say MOST of us aren't this ridiculous.
Somebody needs to do some fact checking prior to publishing such an article.

The scripture being referred to (Luke 17:2) suggests, not that children would better be drowned, but that anyone who harms children would.

Here it is: "It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend one of these little ones."

Only slightly less crazy, obviously.  But if you're going to publish an article validating the statements of a crazy person, I think that your title ought to at least accurately reflect the craziness in question.
Not that this necessarily makes a difference, however, he is actually paraphrasing Luke 17:2 'It would be better for him if a millstone were hung around his neck and he were cast into the sea than that he should cause one of these little ones to sin.' - ESV

But the point is that children are precious.  It's not literally commanding anyone to kill anyone or even suggest that happen, but talking about how serious it is to take away the innocence of a child.  This verse is probably better targeted at people who abuse children or expose them to things that will affect that innocense prematurely.
In other news, "Better to castrate men than let them oogle women" says extreme feminist
Coupdnt we now argue that abortions are just guarantying that those children dont read Harry Potter?
Every time I read about an idiot that thinks Harry Potter is somehow the anti-Christ, become more and more convinced that there are an awful lot of Christians who've read neither Potter nor the bible.

The whole damn thing is Christian allegory.
You can't trust /u/CANT_TRUST_HILLARY to make posts about current novels. By association, you can trust Hillary.
Why is this on the front page? Really, why does anyone care what he thinks?
Evangelical minister here. I...don't know where to begin with these people. If this wackadoodle thinks his flock is going to abandon the faith after reading a very entertaining work of fiction, then he probably needs to work on delivering better sermons.

Sin doesn't come from something entering our eyes or ears. Mostly it results from what comes out of our mouths.
There will be a report in which it is discovered, this man was snorting coke from a mans penis. #everytime
Actually he said that the those who allowed children to be exposed to Harry Potter would be better off if they had a millstone around their necks and were thrown into the sea than to cause the children to stumble.
God I can't tell you how many times I had to stop reading The Philosophers Stone to go and submit to my newfound homosexual urges.
Does this nut job have kids? If so I think child and family services needs to step in.
Oh I don't give a shit about Harry Potter, but don't you fuck How to Train Your Dragon! that shit was amazing
Well he is not wrong. you all read harry potter and now you all are gayer than a bag of dicks.
Is this why they call Dumbledore the Head Master?
Dear Nutjob Pastor,

Please do your fellow Christians a favor.

STFU

Sincerely,

A Fellow Christian
He must really really hate Idina Menzel - Elsa in Frozen, bisexual Maureen in Rent, a witch in Wicked...

No no no, just a big misunderstanding here, the actual quote was "drown them with love, **then** let them read Harry Potter!" ^(/s)
Lul didnt jesus have two dads? 
The bar for saying more extreme anti gay things just keeps getting set lower and lower.  Substitute "jews" for "gays" and you can see the familiar slope down from mild phobia and dislike to scapegoating and now several people calling for mass killing.

It would be truly scary stuff if it weren't for the lack of majority popular support.
&gt;Pastor

None of the extreme right-wing are ever in real positions of power.  The left-wing version of this guy is in academia, bending students to his point of view.
When you worship a fictional character from a book who drowned practically every child (and adult) on Earth, this is not much of a leap.
This dude is definitely gay. I'll bet anyone 2 to 1 that within the next couple of years he gets caught banging a male prostitute.
The OP is misinterpreting what the man is saying. It's not about drowning children.

The saying "better that a millstone be hung around their neck" is a reference to Matthew 18:16, which says

&gt;If **anyone** causes one of these little ones--those who believe in me--to stumble, it would be better for **them** to have a large millstone hung around their neck and to be drowned in the depths of the sea.

I added the emphasis to clarify that "them" refers to the subject, "anyone," and not the object, "children."

What he's talking about here is not the children, but the parents who are, in this man's view, causing "these little ones ... to stumble."

This is nothing more than a standard fire-and-brimstone sermon of the sort that's been around forever.
&gt;“America, repent of Harry Potter. Repent that Dumbledore emerged as a homosexual mentor for Harry Potter.”

Why America? Harry Potter was written by a British woman, what does America have to with her creative decisions? 
This really upsets me. Granted he is not the fist to shame Harry Potter, or Miss Rowling, but to take it to this extreme, and targeting a story that many believe to be the *best* story they have read; I being one of those people. It's just bothersome.
Wait, you mean the series that had a homosexual mentor that no one knew was homosexual until the author announced it years later? Oh yeah, it's just *dripping* with homosexuality.
This guy is why Starbucks changed their cups. 
I agree. Make them read the Percy Jackson series instead so they can learn some geography and stuff about greek and roman gods. 
I've read all the books and other than JKR saying years after the books were finished that Dumbledoor was gay, I can't recall anything even remotely homosexual in the Harry Potter series.
Harry Potter himself wasn't gay though, there was just a prominent mentor in his life who is gay but lived a celibate lifestyle (I think that was a quote straight from Rowling herself).
Instead of "says extreme right-wing pastor", can we substitute correct nomenclature like "batshit crazy motherfucker"??
He's showing he's still relevant, damn it! Next week he'll rant on the evils of rock n' roll. 
Anybody want to place a bet on how long it will take for his Grindr profile to be leaked?
I know they're kids books, but the writing isn't bad enough for the alternative to be drowning.
I wrote a song called "Dumbledore is gay" and recorded it a few years ago. It was really something. To bad I lost that computer. 
Reminds me of my days in fifth grade. I almost got sent home for having Harry Potter in my backpack. I wasn't even reading it at school I knew the rules. My fifth grade teacher found it started crying and told me the Devil was working through me for reading Harry Potter. 
Honestly, the reason people like this say things like this, is because they get 1600 comments and the front page of reddit doing it. They get attention, an audience when all they should get is the same treatment we give the guy in the corner wearing a pink tutu, telling you he is Joan of Arc. Keep your kids clear of him, don't turn your back on him, and pray some time very soon they police show up and get him some help. 
Just another lunatic in the fringe. 
Pretty sure this guy is struggling with his own homosexuality. People who are this badly anti-homosexual are usually overcompensating, because they're afraid that people might find out that they're gay themselves. But in doing so, they actually give themselves away.
Alright guys, i'll tell you- this is an example of an insane right winger, we arent all like that, trying to get everything fun banned. If you wanna read it, its up to you. If you wanna play games like call of duty (id rather play doom, but thats just me) then go for it! This guy is insane, and you should know that most right wingers disagree, the Harry Potter books are amazing.
Jeez. This guy should just come out of the closet already.
People like this should just die and be done with it.  There is a danger some person could take his opinion as valid in some way.
I'm curious what exactly makes harry homosexual? 
"He believes Christians will one day be burnt at the stake by homosexuals"

I'm sure Christians have never done anything like this before.

"but ended his speech by saying he wants to give the LGBT community time to repent before using the death penalty against them."

What a swell guy.
He is not saying that it's better for the children to be drowned than to let them read Harry Potter, he is saying it would be better for the *parents* to be drowned than for them to let their kids read Harry Potter.
This man just lost in the game. He doesn't even know what he's saying. It's like he's been high for years straight and has no perspective at all. Pity him.
I'll bet my entire stash of Reddit Silver that this guy's covering for some secret inner gayness.
When is people saying ignorant shit going to stop being treated as news
&gt;Homosexual Harry potter

Harry Potter? The straight male who ended up with a wife? Or are you confusing him for his friend Ron? A straight male who ended up married to his straight female friend.
Im more surprised that /u/CANT_TRUST_HILLARY reported this then the news itself.
The guy is pretty bold, and I don't agree with him. But he didn't say anything at all about drowning kids instead of letting them read Harry Potter. At least criticize the guy for what he actually said. Sheesh.
Apparently being crazy and religious automatically makes you "right wing". LOL, ok.
The Presbyterian church my wife goes to has a Gay associate pastor and her partner teaches the children's Church.  I guess not all Christians are complete morons.  I still think they are quite Dumb to believe that there is an Omnipresent, Omnipotent, invisible being who manipulates the universe to his whim and loves everyone who worships him so much; he is going to let them live forever in some place where everything is perfect.  I would settle for lots of money and a Condo in Key-West, I wonder who I can pray to for that.  :)  
Can someone explain to me why u/CANT_TRUST_HILLARY has a thread on the front page every single day?


every day I am finding it harder and harder to tell the difference between these crazy preachers and those crazy Imams, always preaching hate and death, seems to be the antithesis of the religions they espouse to follow. We don't want that hateful and impure Sharia Law, we want the wholesome and upstanding Constitutional law, you know, biblical law, like our fictional forefathers wanted. SMH
So first it was the magic that was corrupting the youth, and now it's the single gay character corrupting the youth. I wonder what straws they'll grasp for next time.
Slightly misleading title, guy is still batshit crazy.
because homosexuality is waay worse than murder.
Better to ignore bat-shit crazy pastors than post this shit on the Internet, says me
Why is there a struggle with fiction? Couldn't someone read the books, like them, but dislike some of the things a character is or does?
I heard Tracy Morgan attends this mans Church.
It's better for our children to be dead than be made aware of different points of view! (except this is just Harry Potter so it's even more retarded than that)
Well, if they do that, doesn't that mean that within a generation, there'd be no more potentially crazy Christians like this guy?
Better to drown pastors than to drown in their evil messages.
Apparently, I must have been living under a rock. Who is gay in the HP series?
What the actual fuck -.- The fact that anyone wants to hear him speak is highly disturbing...
Would've loved to see Christopher Hitchens just tackle him right there on stage. RIP Chris =/
Well, if Carson starts looking for a running mate, this is the first guy he should call. 
Am i missing out on something?? how does the series promote homosexuality?

Thought shalt not kill *

* unless they are innocent children about to read fiction, then fucking murder them like I murdered everyone on the planet, and several cities, and Egyptian children, and....
Of all the reasons to drown a child, reading Harry Potter is way down the list.
noforgaypotter?
What if you see Harry Potter as inevitable and just abort to avoid it?
4 GOP presidential candidates attended that event...
I've read all of the books and seen the movies but have never read the bible. I am not homosexual. Your move Kevin Swanson. 
The funny thing here is Kevin Swanson look like the most gayest person in the world! not the good gay the bad gay!
I would argue that Christians like this are the ones going to hell. His attitude and comments push more potential believers away from his faith rather than towards it. If he's doing anyone a cosmic favor it'd be Satan.
Pretty sure there's a middle ground where you just don't let them read Harry Potter.
The Harry Potter series is probably the best series a kid can read. I read the series about 3 times when I was around 12 and I never noticed anything homosexual. It really helps kids get into reading, which is what allot of kids nowadays need more of.
What problem does he have with *How to Train Your Dragon*? Are dragons satanic or something? Is it because there were Norse gods (or at least one) mentioned?
The article may be misinterpreting who should be drowning. The bible quote he's referring to with the "millstone" quote is Luke 17:2, which says "It would be better for him if a millstone were hung around his neck and he were thrown into the sea, than that he would cause one of these little ones to stumble". Basically saying that it would be better for an adult to kill themselves rather than cause a child to sin. 

I don't think the preacher is saying that children should be drowned, but that the adults who allow them to sin by reading Harry Potter should be drowned. Still massively fucked up, but not drowning-little-kids fucked up. 
IF it's true that reading Harry Potter is a one-way ticket to Hellsville, and IF it's true that by drowning the kids you could save their immortal souls, then he's correct.  Oh, he's an idiot.  But his logic is for the most part internally consistent.  The years from childhood to death are a blink of an eye compared to the eternity of bliss in store for the innocent.  
A truly rational and selfless Christian would drown babies immediately after baptism.  It would virtually guarantee their salvation and at the same time protect them from a lifetime of sin, hurt, and questioning their faith.  Would the killer go to Hell himself?  Maybe, but theoretically if he's Saved then it's all good. And even if he isn't, wouldn't it be the very epitome of following in Jesus' footsteps to descend into Hell in order to bring the innocent to Heaven?  Why, it's practically that pastor's holy duty to go from maternity ward to maternity ward, baptisin' and smotherin', moving on only after the last young'n in the place has risen to his or her heavenly reward.  He oughta kill a few puppies while he's at it, so the little angels have some furry friends to play with up there.
Nice try Voldemort.
People like him make the little Jesus cry.
Where do these fucknuts come from. Jeez what a nimrod.
Was I supposed to get homoerotic themes out of Harry Potter?  The only thing I got was a love of firey redheaded women.  Thanks, Ginny Weasly.

Though I suppose "Fire Woman" by The Cult was a major influence as well.
Fifteen years ago it was "These books will teach children witchcraft!" Nobody's buying that horse shit anymore, so now it's "They'll make your kid gay!"

These people are so sad the way they grasp for relevance like a drowning man for straws. 
I always feel like these are the people that are going to sell out humanity when an alien invasion happens because "enter no one loved me and everyone already thinks i'm crazy reason here"
says children should be drowned instead of watch harry potter.
is against abortion.

Something doesn't add up to call for the death of children and decry against it in the same monologue.
Well, supposedly, witches do sink like a stone, so kudos on planning ahead.
Man, I hope this guy never stumbles on any fanfic. 
For those who are confused, JK Rowling said in an interview that Dumbledore was gay. This of course never comes up in the series itself because Dumbledore wasn't the type of guy to brag about crossfit, so he never mentions it.
This asshat obviously hasn't read any of the series and probably just saw the headline in some online article. And thus wild accusations.
Pastor might want to go see a shrink ASAP 
Why do you guys give these people attention? This deserves to be completely ignored, not on the front page. 
As a Christian - No... just....no. 
To me this seems like there was some huge misunderstanding.

Like a friend recommended the books to him and he looked it up online, found some 13 year old girl's HarryxDumbledore FanFiction and he thought it was part of the official canon.

Either way this is hilarious.
Voldermort: "Damn...That's cold, dude."
Better to drown extreme right-wing pastors than listen to them spew hate and ignorance.
Can't wait for his kids to rebel against his insane teachings and get into fun stuff like Harry Potter.  I'd happily hand him a rock, rope, and cab fare to the nearest lake.

Edit: before I get screamed at, the headline is incorrect.  The pastor is implying it is better for PARENTS to drown to let their kids watch Harry Potter.  See Matthew 18:6 
&gt;but ended his speech by saying he wants to give the LGBT community time to repent before using the death penalty against them.

Aww, see? He's not so bad... he wants to give us disgusting sinners a chance before killing us! He's obviously actually a sweetheart. /s
A far right crazy preacher says something dumb. Meanwhile water is wet. 
I love how fundies use antiquated rhetoric in their rants "hang a millstone" "drown at the bottom of the sea". 
As if millstones are common place enough to be spared to drown someone.   
Why do people still listen to and write down the things that extreme right-wing religious nuts say?

Aside from the sheer amusement value, that is.

It always shocks me when people talk about things like this without laughing at how absurd they are.
How long before this guy shows up cruising washrooms for dicks to suck?
Not that anyone here is interested in the facts, but that is not what the pastor said. He was quoting Jesus and the antecedent of "them" in his quote would refer to the parents and not to the children.
Why is it that people with the shittiest thoughts are so vocal?
Jesus Christ people think that all Christians are like this
Be fair, he never said to drown kids, just the parents 
That's what I always said, a little bit of drowning can't be so wrong.
It says to read Harry Potter. I guess watching Harry Potter is cool then. 
Can't we just teach them to avoid whatever random shit we consider "Sin" like always? Why do we need to drown them now? Is homosexuality now completely unresistible to children or something?
Self aggrandizing, moralistic jackass.

Can't wait till the inevitable 'got caught fellating in the church mens room' hypocrisy occurs with this assbeef.

That was a confusing thumbnail. Thought for a second Michael Gambon said something to that effect.
For five bucks, I can get a crazy person to say anything. This is not news. Stop giving these idiots a platform. They aren't funny anymore. 
&gt;He believes Christians will one day be burnt at the stake by homosexuals but ended his speech by saying he wants to give the LGBT community time to repent before using the death penalty against them.

What?!
Boycott Narnia too
I don't get why Dumbledore being gay even matters. I didn't read the books, but from the movies it didn't matter or was any part of the plot. It seems shoehorned. I think it's stuff like that religious/bigoted people are talking about when they say "gay agenda". It's something that shouldn't matter as we strive toward egalitarianism, but people go out of their way to make it matter.
You guys he's on Twitter!!
Anyone remember this [lady](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bntfUA6TmLs)

They sure put the fun in FUNdies.
...
I love J.K. Rowling, but I feel like she revealed he was gay for attention. I think if she meant it the whole time she would have revealed it in the books.
Well he's not wrong.....
Killing is one of the 10 Commandments, having sex with someone of the same sex is no where to be found.
No doubt this guy is the reigning Hand Job King of the Minneapolis-St. Paul airport. 
Not that a dumb response is needed to a dumb idea, but I have read the books more then once. Dumbledores sexuality is actually never mentioned. Who he is attracted to, his sexual history, none of it is the books. So, Dumbledores sexuality is totally up to you, the reader! (For me hes a heteroflexible kinkster who is attracted to youngins, but with his moral code would never do more then hook up with a consenting adult who just looks young)
I'm American and love my country, but damn.  Some of these fools really make us look like a bunch of back-woods hill billies.

Someday atheists will be the majority and hopefully this type of hate will be a thing of the past.  

(but then again, this reminds me of that South Park episode, you know the one)
So hurry up and drown one so we can put you away.
Seriously haven't we moved beyond this kind of narrow minded rhetoric.  Please God, we know this moron is one of your sheep, he's strayed a bit and we know he's gay, can you just out the MF for us? Amen
Seems reasonable
No goddamnit. That is not the 'right-wing'. That is not what the right wing means or stands for. Conservativism stands for CONSERVING SOCIAL INSTITUTIONS not drowning god damned kids. For fucks sake.
Hmmmm... well, there's only one line in the Bible that directly condemns homosexuality, in the Book of Leviticus. This guy wants to give gays one chance to repent, and if they don't, he wants to put them to death immediately. How many sins has he committed? By his own rules, we should give him one chance to repent for one of his sins, then put him to death immediately. Hey, this sounds awfully familiar. Kinda reminds me of something Jesus said. "Let he who has not sinned throw the first stone." This guy's throwing a ton of stones all over the place. I think someone needs to creep up behind him and hold up a mirror, that way when he turns to throw another stone, he might see the monster he's become. But based on what he's said already, I can't help but think that won't work. He's probably already blind.
IF SNUGGLING TURTLES IS A CRIME I - oh.
[Ack! Save me from the wee turtles](https://deadhomersociety.files.wordpress.com/2009/08/weeturtles.png)
If I were the judge I wouldn't even be mad, just impressed.
Wait please I can explain.

I actually was in the same class as him over at Waterloo. I still can't believe this happened would have never expected it. I guess this is how he funded all those parties...
Apparently he had sewn little pockets to the inside of his pants; one for each turtle.  But for easy loading/unloading he used a breakaway pin to fasten the pockets.  When he needed to unload one in a hurry, he could just terrapin.  
reppin waterloo.....
Bulges in BOTH his pant legs? Well duh, at least one of them has got to be a turtle!
This is what Waterloo is known for... pure innovation
YEEEE Waterloo Represent!
#NotFloridaMan
Please don't be Asian, please don't be Asian.....damn. 
The surprising thing about this is that it actually wasn't in Florida.
He's like a turtle ninja.
This guy is from my home town. Way to represent. 
He's been tortoise lesson, no need to shell out further punishment.
Ah, this remind me of old farm worker Grigor. He work in Romania in city of Calafat, but he cross border very frequent to visit family in Bulgaria. At time there was restriction for import/export of many products, including agricultural products for it is consider pride of nation. Since  Grigor work in farm industry as primal hand, he have access to multiple source of premium substance that promote growth. Since Grigor want to become independent and promote growth for Bulgaria work he have plans to sneak many fertilization substance over crossing. Since he is not want to take tremendous risk, he only take few pieces at every border crossing and he sneak them in jockey underwear. This go on for almost full year. In the end, Grigor get very sick and have to attend family physician. It turn out that during this period of sneaking, many of product contents leak into his pants due to length of trip (not in kilometer, but due to lengthy time for border crossing), and cause testicular cancer. It advanced rapidly and he die without managing to complete his dream of promote growth for Bulgaria. It is unfortunate border guard never catch him, for it could have very well saved his life, even if hefty tax must be paid to redeem situation. 
poor baby turtles.
The Man from Reno?
I knew this had to do with China without even opening the article.
But if I don't save the wee turtles who will?
To be punished with 51 snapping turtles in his pants for the same duration.
Cowabunga!
"expected"
Guess he was having a slow night.
Watawoo things..
That's pure Michigan
All 51 of the Turtles are pleading guilty?
Id like to think the person that first caught him said "Is that a turtle in your pants, our you just happy to see me?"
&gt;Xu was found to have 41 live turtles strapped to his legs and 10 hidden between his legs, according to an affidavit from a special agent with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service which outlined the criminal complaint.

He was trying to use the turtles as a suicide bomb!
So, is that a turtle in your pants, or are you just...

*snap*

Well, I guess you won't be happy to see anyone...anymore...did you need some ice for that?  
Too bad i couldnt read this site because "im todays lucky winner of a free ipad" and the notification wont leave
Troy McClure at it again.

even if he had gotten away with 20 live turtles in his pants that would've been mad impressive.
[Turtle, turtle!](http://i.imgur.com/Hy8LPLz.jpg)
What if he just really likes turtles in his pants?  Who are we to judge?
If that's the case for the same duration. even if he had sewn little pockets to the inside of his pants; one for each turtle.
I'm sorry! I have a problem 
They sure he wasn't using those incubator pants from Mr. Show?
Honestly Officer I had no idea it must have been that skank Candi I can't believe she gave me turtles, she told me she'd been tested recently.
Turtles are worth HOW MUCH?!

I'm going to be a turtle farmer.
"Why do you have your pants full of turtles?"

"Umm.........."

"Are you smuggling those? Thats illegal!"

"Oh um yeah smuggling..... Yeah im smuggling them...."

Hey Earl. Hey Crabman.
Smuggling what?
If he submits his internet history as evidence I would be very worried. 
"Are you just really glad to see me, or do you have fifty-one live turtles in your pants?"
So... That means the record is still at 50 turtles in your pants at one time, right? Can we get Guinness to verify this?
I like [turtles](http://images.sodahead.com/polls/003591619/2344517066_polls_i_like_turtles_4958_207342_answer_3_xlarge_xlarge.jpeg)
/u/Shitty_Watercolour
Can I see how big his pants were?
"The 27-year-old University of Waterloo student faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison after appearing in court in Ann Arbor, Mich."

- "So, what are you in for?"
- "Turtles."
Seems like a reasonable amount of turtles for personal use.
I read that as live turrets in his pants
There was a party in his pants, and 51 turtles were invited
Oh my god. People are fucked
Expected
lmao

This title is even funnier when you're British.

Now *this* is the guy from the math problems.
This is an even shittier crime than the time Ricky and Julian stole a giant globe full of change from the movie theater gumball dispenser.

This is faahcked boys.
10 years in prison for that? Seems excessive.
"*And I would have gotten away with it, if I hadn't been dripping with turtle pee!*"
Everyone knows the easiest animals to smuggle in your pants are crabs.
Wow pretty screwed up
Either this is a repost or it happens way more then I think it does. 
"Oh good--now I don't have to give the *real* reason."
I'm curious, what's the max punishment someone pleading guilty can get for a crime like animal smuggling? 
Those poor lil' guys must've had shell shock 
We're turtle rich!
INB4 snapping turtles in your pants challenge

^^I ^^want ^^it ^^to ^^happen
He's pleading guilty to smuggling because he doesn't want them looking into the reason why those turtles were REALLY in his pants. 
Your honor, I legally married each and every one of those turtles. Don't judge my alternative lifestyle. We were happy. 
thats my fetish
Were the Turtles from Mexico?
Is that 51 turtles in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? 

Oh...that's.....that's definitely just 51 turtles in your pocket. 
Something something... Michaelangelo... something... teenage... pedophile... thing
I'm sorry officer, I was just smuggling DEEZZ NUTS!
He just wanted to be turtley enough for the [turtle club](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/250x250/43959880.jpg)
From now on I'll always second guess myself when I read that as live turrets in his pants that would've been mad impressive.
Hey, hey... Not so fast. 
Which carries the lesser penalty/jail time?

Kinky in your pants sex with reptiles, or smuggling turtles?

I would think, if he's thinking properly, that he was engaged in the lesser of the two evils...
Is that a turtle in your pants trying to come out of its shell?
Was he turtle enough for the turtle club?
I would claim the same, easier than admitting to an odd fetish. 
This sounds a lot like the BS story about the guy smuggling eyeballs.
I hope they give him the maximum penalty. Animal abuse in china is horrible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PRehnzNzjM
Canada man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-glHAzXi_M
Now see, these are the types of titles that really reel you in!
I thought I had skin disease.
yeah, smuggling... that's what i was doing...
It's turtles all the way ^down ^^...there
I am currently looking at my box turtles....trying to fathom how I could fit 51 of them in my pants.... Not to mention the scratching! Ow?!?!
It's turtles all the way down.
It must have been a slow day for this guy
Let me guess, is this in florida?
Just when you think you've heard it all.
10 years?
Xu was found to have 41 live turtles in his pants that would've been mad impressive.
lol went to high school with this guy! can't believe it. 
I knew this had to do with crabs... it has to do with China without even opening the article.
He came to burgle our turts!
YOU CAN'T PROVE NOTHING!
Is that a turtle in your pants or are you just happy to see me
"They are for recreational use only officer"
Unfortunately, taking them from the math problems.
"We're here to burgle your turts!"
'Expected'

don't wanna know how many dead ones are in there..
Am I the only one who would've liked him to plead not guilty? 

That would've been a trial to televise 
You sure it's not 50?
Alright, exactly what kind of profit margins was this guy really getting? Is there really that big of a demand for illegal pet turtles? Does Canada's Petco charge put the same prices for turtles that you would expect for horses or something?
Is that 51 turtles in ya pants or you just happy to see me?

&gt; expected to plead guilty to smuggling charges after *beinf* caught crossing the border

"Beinf"? Come on herald news, get your shit together!
What's scary is I thought this was going to be about the [other turtle smuggler](http://www.adn.com/article/20141217/hundreds-smuggled-turtles-intercepted-anchorage-airport) who made the news recently. How common does something have to be to no longer qualify for /r/nottheonion? 
"YOUR VISA AUTHORISES ONLY FORTY PANTS-TURTLES SIR. YOU ARE OVER YOUR PANTS-TURTLE LIMIT." In all seriousness though fuck animal smugglers.
I saw this Canadian movie.
I just assumed this was /r/FloridaMan 
Well know we know what Stan did after he shutdown the Mystery Shack.
He shell overcome.
poor baby turtles.
You do you turtle man.... you do you 
Some sell for $800 each.  Who pays for that, really?
All I could think after reading that headline was: China. 
"So Jim, we've loaded you up with the 50 turtles we need you to smug-"

"Nahnahnahnah- hold up. I got room for one more."

"But Jim we're only paying you for fifty"

"Damn it guys, I'm the best damn turtle smuggler there's ever been, and I say one more!"
My neighbor growing up she was a little out there but she loved ask her animals like family. Well she grew up in Germany and moved to GA and then went back after after she got married and had three kids. So back to Germany to take care of her parents when they passed. Well back in Germany she had raised these turtles from when she was a little girl they had been with her all her life. She had all the papers for her kids all the cats and dogs but couldn't get papers for the turtles whether she forgot our wasn't allowed I cannot remember. So she smuggled the turtles on her. She for turtles hidden all over in her jacket and pants. Well she was going through customs and they ask ma'am what's in your pockets. She says they're my turtles. In Germany to win an argument you have to be the loudest and strongest voice. So she starts saying no here are my turtles papers they're right here. They wouldn't accept this. Sup she had no choice and she just starred walking through the security. This was 1999 pre 2001 they didn't try and stop her. Well 15 years later she still has the turtles. One passed away but two of them mated and had a baby. 
Is even one of those turtles snapped him in the dick, I'd move to have the judge dismiss all charges as the court of public opinion will send him up the creek for years to come. 
The OCD side of me wanted him to stop at 50... Or keep going to 60. 
I don't want to know how many were up his anus.
/r/subredditsimulator
He's here to burgle your turts!!
actually it was 51 green turtles and one fleshy colored turtle. 
This is popping up on too many feeds as 'news'. Ridiculous. 
I uuuuuh mmmmmhhh errrrr ehhhhh

I do not feel comfortable about this
I kept reading "red eared spiders," was so confused. Why would someone buy spiders instead of squishing them? I thought spiders didn't have ears at all. Maybe they are decoratively coloured spiders... Now, are smuggled turtles really that expensive? And what gives you more jail time- turtle smuggling or cocaine smuggling? 
RED SNAPPERS!
Well the guy does have balls.  I wouldn't even try to smuggle 1 turtle. 
Reading all the wicked comments nearly no one really cares... And how can we? I guess he wanted to retire on their value. Let them grow big and then sell them at his retirement like an investment. 
We rescued a red lipped terrapin turtle from very old Italian gentlemen who could not take care of his large garden for many years already in south Africa before he went to a retirement home. 
His turtle  had lived 27 years in a sunken oil drum filled with murky water surrounded by a half meter tall wall about two meter across and was fed left over meat by the staff.
We created  her in her own little pond with a rock for suntanning where she had access through a tunnel to the adjacent Koi pond. She ate all our baby Koi. We did not know that fish was their favorite food. Lucky the rest of the Koi were way too big for her. So we just had a lesson. She doesn't ten year with us and then was tr adopted with ask our Kois  She lives now, hand fed, in a friends pond 14mx 7 and five  meter deep with glorious gorgeous Kois in Johannesburg.
Her life went from drums to riches. Here is Tilly in all her glory https://visualsenses.smugmug.com/Nature-in-its-many-splendors/PETS-2-devide/i-rWL3cMN/A
Please don't be Florida. Please don't be Florida....
Yes!!!
I think the real question is, Where exactly did he keep them all?
So anyway what were these turtles smuggling? 
In a surprise twist, he pleads guilty to trying to start a  reptile gang-bang.
I don't understand. Why couldn't he get turtles in or shipped to Canada or China? Are licenses to ship turtles that are native to America exclusive?
51 snappers turtles strapped next to your bits!! He could have lost his "gender" in the process. 
Oh and fucking rapist gets like a five of less what's wrong with this country.😑
Judge not lest ye be judged.
Was he dressed like master splinter? 
funny,I was turtling just the other day
he came to burgle your turts
You know what they say.. 51 is a party
nah, wasn't me 
Not sneaky enough.
This sounds like a 90s Ben Stiller movie scene. 
This was Kevin Nash right?
All the commenters here seems to be under the impression that this is a freak incident, that it haven't happened before and that this is something extraordinary. But this kind of animal smuggling, which involves methods that often harms or kills several of the animals (hence the large amount involved), [goes on every day, and is a billion dollar industry worldwide](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildlife_smuggling).

There is really nothing funny about this. The guy is an asshole, and was taking part in a scumbag criminal activity that involves systematic abuse of wildlife, and it is great that he got caught. 
This guy should be killed.
Chinese!  I'm SHOCKED! ^not
He just wanted to pay off his college tuition lol
I believe it's safe to say that he IS turtley enough for the turtle club.
No turtles in my pants.  Just hare.
Man caught turtling, blamed it on the cold.
"Excuse me, but you have a turtle head poking out, and I don't mean that as a euphemism."
Animal smuggling is no joke, and this is fairly tame by most standards. Read Stolen World for similar stories
Isn't it spelled "defense" not "defence"?
Stories with "in his pants" in the headline are never good news.
Is that 51 turtles in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
This type of crime should be a minimum of 10 years to Life
God help him if they were snapping turtles...

...My god!
He's the shredder 
Is that a turtles in your pants, or are you happy to see me?
Of course it's an Asian dude
He should be charged with creating a difficult set-up.
It's turtles all the way down...
Is that 51 live turtles in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
I hope he gets the full 10 years and then returned to China.
Is that 51 live turtles in your pants or are you just happy to see me? 


Oh, it's turtles.
Zombie Kid the later days.
Hold on; this guy could be facing 10 years in prison for smuggling **turtles** across the border????? Meanwhile people who have literally tortured and murdered animals get like 3 years? The fuck?
Hasn't this happened before, I swear I've seen Nash talking about someone doing this 
Is that 50 turtles in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Is that 50 turtles in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
I work for an aquarium with a facility in Buffalo.  We got a bunch of the turtles that were seized because they didn't know what else to do with them. They grew up pretty quick and we have since shipped them off to a wildlife reserve in Florida. Didn't get to keep any for display unfortunately... they were adorable.
Is it turtles all the way down?
It's turtles all the way ^down ^^...there
I'd like to think that there is a completely innocent and convoluted explanation for having 51 live turtles in his pants. Reminds me of the Married with Children episode where Steve releases a saltwater turtle into Lake Michigan.
No one is surprised.
&gt; I hadn’t got the entire scripts written to our satisfaction

Wait, really!? I thought a bizarre, shoehorned elf-hobbit love triangle was the epitome of script polish.
Well that explains a lot.

I do blame the producers.  They just wanted to keep pulling the levers on a moneymaking machine.  Why did Jackson get involved?  Why did del Torres quit?  

Taking one thin book and making it into 3 x 3 hr movies... by adding all sorts of things that weren't there.  As opposed to digesting 3 - 500 page books into 3 - 3.5 hr movies.  Who could possibly have thought that was a good idea.
Watched the first two last night. Can concur. Too much screen time for too little story.


Yes well, there was that entire movie which could've been one scene
As a devoted Tolkien fan, trust me, we fuckin know. 
there's a "The Hobbit - The Tolkien Edit" out there that takes all three movies and makes one good 4 hour movie that never leaves the dwarven company. 

It gets rid of that female elf love story bullshit.. no singing in the goblin mountain and no Gandalf BS.
So what? Now we have to wait 10 years for someone to make them again?
"So I guess...uh lets make the second one about...uhhhh let's make it about...umm...*looks around in production room*...The Dragon?...YEAH!? the Dragon. Phewwww I almost thought I was going to have to read the book."
in another news, george lucas still thinks the star wars prequel is fantastic and the empire strikes back is the worst in the series  
props to jackson having the balls to admit failures, some director are so up in their asses that they think every criticism are all pointless complains
He's covering arse here. It's clear that this film should have been 3 hours tops but the suits wanted their dollars and eked it out to 3 films instead. Much like Star Wars, the fan base was so huge, even a turkey would guarantee them a return far more than any hedge fund would in that timeframe. He says that he "jumped in" to take over but he was executive producer of the Hobbit 'series' as it then was and then officially declared head of the project 3 YEARS before Del Toro left.

But Dear old Pete doesn't want to stop making films, so the actual reason is hidden by this waffle as a means of explaining what an enormous steaming pile of shite 4/5ths of those films were - purely a money making exercise. On the plus side it give lots of people lots of work for several years and pushed the boundaries of cinema in its execution.
I knew what I was doing when I avoided it.
Really sad that the top commenters didn't watch the video or read they article. They're reacting to the headline.
We noticed.
I think a lot of directors would admit to poor preparation and laziness. It's a bad hobbit to get into.
I enjoyed it but it's definitely a lesser work than the LOTR trilogy.   

I would much rather have seen Del Toro's version.
I wish my "no idea what I'm doing" could be a trilogy of movies that grossed almost 3 billion dollars.
I feel bad for him because no one outside his circle really knew what was going on and people on the internet have this tendency to hate a movie before it's even out or compare the hobbit films to the star wars prequels which is absurd. Peter Jackson wasn't originally going to direct them because Guillermo Del Toro was close to filming it and then he fell through. And basically the studio said to him that he was going to have no time for preproduction and that he had to make these  gigantic movies on a rushed schedule and use the same crew from LOTR because they had literally no time to hire new people.
It became somewhat symbolic of the LOTR world with the Silmarillion. 

Everyone says the same thing. Make the hobbit a standalone film which is generally aimed at a younger market which an introduction to that world. 
Never trust a skinny Peter Jackson. 
Fucking clickbait titles. If anyone actually bothers to read the article (many won't) you'll see that it basically wasn't his fault at all. As a director on a contract, he had to work with what little time he was given.
The best thing about that trilogy was Thranduil. Can we just have a movie about him and his no [nonsense badassery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gz3I7HCsMOU)? 
Well, seeing as how the book was like this long /::/ and he made three movies /:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::/ THIS /::::::::::::::::::::::::::::/ FREAKING /:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::/ LOOOOOOOOOONG
Why don't you just make more Smaug? He's awesome.
It Shows
Lots of money and selling his soul 
Holy shit that was hilarious...if you go to 5:44 on the video where Serkis says, "I think the second unit were quite shocked" and at the same time you see this orc with it's mouth hanging open, seemingly in shock. (I'm sorry) But seriously, I feel sorry for Pete, I think most people have no idea how much work and stress is actually involved with a project of this size...and on top of that, trying to please a massive international fan base, and WB studios making crazy demands....I'm glad I wasn't in his shoes.
And cue random bitching that the movies were the worst garbage ever because reasons.
I don't know. While they're not up to the same level as LoTR, I still found the movies to be entertaining.
I'm over here just thinkin, "I liked The Hobbit movies" :)
Isn't it fairly well documented that he didn't want to do The Hobbit trilogy at all after the absolutely massive effort that was the Lord of the Rings? He was just exhausted and didn't have any interest in doing another trilogy so soon. 
Selling yourself out...
I didn't know what I was doing when I watched it.
I know this is profoundly unpopular here, but I loved the pacing of the first two Hobbit films (to the point where I would argue that they are an illustration of why the LotR trilogy is massively too short).  I simply don't understand why so many people can go crazy for GoT with each book being adapted and abridged into 1 or 2 10 hour seasons and suddenly break out the pitchforks when confronted with a 10 hour trilogy adaptation. The Hobbit films were far from perfect (the theatrical version of BotFA was virtually incoherent) but the idea that they could meaningfully make a movie that could serve as both a stand-alone adaptation of the Hobbit and a prequel to the LotR trilogy (the book was not a prequel, of course, but the movie absolutely was) in 120-180 minutes without completely gutting the Hobbit narrative or the LotR backstory (or both) is insane.  Even the fan edits manage 3-4 hours only by completely excising Gandalf and the White Council and thereby leaving the Hobbit almost entirely disconnected from the LotR trilogy.  Yes, the films should have been done better.  Unless it would have resulted in losing an indispensable cast member (pretty much Ian McKellen or Martin Freeman, in my opinion), they should have delayed the films by a year after del Toro left and allowed Jackson the same preparation as on the LotR trilogy.  I'm just so tired of the same circlejerk "should have been one movie" nonsense.
I'm sure he did know... $$$
Cashing in.
still made billions, so the studio doesn't care
I'm a Tolkien fan. I rather liked the LoTR films, although a number of the plot changes made absolutely no sense to me, and the longer BluRay version is much better than the cinematic version.

Hobbit #1 was pretty dire, and Hobbit #2 was such a massive disappointment that I still haven't seen Hobbit #3. I'm not even willing to pirate it - an action which requires me 15 seconds of my time. I _liked_ the idea of including a load of the stuff which happened around, but isn't in, the book. But the whole set of films were just an absolute mess. And unfortunately it's likely killed any chance of getting a decent Hobbit for 15-20 years.
I remember the joy of watching "The Hobbit" cartoon in school. Obviously, that's impossible to expect for a 6+ hour movie trilogy.

All I'd ask of Peter Jackson is consider creating an official "The Hobbit: School Edit" which tries to create a 3 to 4 hour version that just follows the book. Yes, I know there's the "Tolkien Edit" torrent out there, but it's a fan edit using released material while an official edit would be more refined.
When they start the remakes in 15 years they'll get it right, and it will be 100% 3D immersive by then. Which will make it even more awesome. 
C'mon, *everybody knows* the best movie he  ever made was **"Dead Alive"**...
&gt; Oscar-winning director admits he was ‘winging it’ and ‘was making it up as I went along’

They're just like us!
Probably not his fault, was most likely rushed by higher ups and so he was forced to
its ok peter, we know. we're still your friends.
I could watch Unexpected Journey and Desolation of Smaug on repeat, even with their flaws!  Battle of Five Armies was a dud, for sure.  
Quoted from elsewhere in the comments

&gt; in 120-180 minutes without completely gutting the Hobbit narrative or the LotR backstory (or both) is insane.

You may be right that an hour and a half or two hours isn't quite enough for The Hobbit, but that doesn't mean you need three films.  Rather than gutting the narrative, they ended up with a bloated mess of a production that crammed in a lot of stuff that wasn't even a part of the narrative in the first place.  A perfect is example is the addition of action scenes in the movies where there were none in the book.  Take the party's arrival in Rivendell.  In the book, they're welcomed into Rivendell with songs and laughter from the Elves.  They aren't chased into the valley by Orcs and Wargs, and they aren't set upon by the Elves as though they were unwelcome intruders.  Same with when they leave Rivendell.  The Elves send them on their way laden ponies and more songs.  They didn't have to sneak away like thieves.  Another example is the barrel scene.  Goddammit I want to choke every time I think about it.  In the book, Bilbo packs the Dwarves into barrels and they have a bumpy ride down the river until they reach the Men of Laketown.  This battle where they're jumping in and out of barrels in that ridiculous sequence.... fuck me, I can't even type it out any more.  Now, I get it.... when you take a novel that could be read front to back on a Sunday afternoon if you didn't have anything else to do, and stretch it out into three films, you need to inject a bunch of action to keep people engaged and excited.  That's why we end up with a bunch of extra fighting and other padding.

As for the LotR backstory in the movies, the only thing in The Hobbit that concerns the events of LotR is Bilbo's finding of The One Ring.  The entire rest of the book deals with the Dwarves and their quest to take back their gold from Smaug.  There was no need to add more LotR backstory.  The LotR trilogy was actually pretty well fleshed out and I don't think it needs any extra help from The Hobbit movies.  You want to do something on film that adds to LotR, give me an hour-long mini movie (let's call it LotR episode 1.5) with Tom Bombadill.  There was no need to truck out Cate Blanchett and Christopher Lee for these films(though, who can get enough of Chris Lee, really?).  There was also no need to bring out Orlando Bloom to give us a look at Legolas looking older than he does in LotR even though The Hobbit takes place several decades before our Leggy Elf joins the Fellowship.  I'm glad, at least, that Viggo turned them down to reprise Aragorn.  That shows that one person was passingly familiar with the book.

The sad thing is that I went into that first Hobbit film with really high hopes.  The LotR films weren't perfect, but they were excellently done.  I thought we were in for more of the same.  Hell, when Bilbo starts his monologue "In a hole in the ground, there lived a Hobbit, I was in tears.  That opening passage will always tug at my heart and to hear that in the film just flooded me with so much excitement, joy, and childhood wonder in the exact same way that I cried with abundant happiness when we get our first look at the Shire in Fellowship and it was like looking directly into my imagination.  Unfortunately, that was pretty much the only good thing about the Hobbit movies for me.  Well, that and ol' Bumblesnort Thundersnatch did a really good job voicing Smaug.

Ok..... it's getting late here and I've got to get some sleep.  End rant.
Well, if it's as bad as he says, then it's actually quite impressive how well choreographed the action scenes are, and how cohesive the story, such as it is, ends up being.
At least he has the guts to admit it. It's exceptional for a director of his caliber to remain humble in his faults.
So can we get a remake in 10 years directed by J.J Abrams?
I can't be the only one who still enjoyed the movies? Sure, could have been much better, but it wasn't horrible.
We already knew this.
Sounds like me going through college. Don't know what the heck I'm doing but somehow I'm passing everything.
It is unpopular to love the Hobbit movies? Because I did, especially the first one.
I still enjoyed them.
Tolkien fans everywhere agree.
Well, considering all this mess the final product is actually impressive. You see that there was a great effort on his part, and in many ways it worked.
It showed.
I don't know guys I kind of liked the hobbit films.
He just sold out, that's all. Some corporate douche just thought "which franchise hasn't been milked completely dry yet? start wars...someone is on that already. indiana jones? we made that one with the aliens not long enough ago, it's too soon. lord of the rings it is!"

Seriously, the whole trilogy just screamed "IF YOU LIKE THE LOTR MOVIES, AND WE KNOW THERE ARE A SHITLOAD OF YOU THAT DO, THEN WE WANT YOUR MONEY. LOOOOK, IT'S *LEGOLAS*. LOOOK!"
I enjoyed The Hobbit flicks. Not in the same way I enjoyed immersing myself in The Lord of the Rings, though. I found The Hobbit much more fun and light-hearted while LotR was a more intense cinematic experience for me. I especially like how he was able to bring The Battle of Five Armies to the big screen - for better or worse.

The Hobbit was written by Tolkien as a kid's book and I think the movies did a good enough job at keeping that in mind. Yeah it got pretty violent and bloody towards the end but I guess Jackson had to try and keep the Neckbeard Brigade from losing more of their collective shit.

While I give the LotR trilogy a solid 10/10, The Hobbit trilogy is a decent 7/10. Its everything a movie (or three) should be - entertaining, fun and satisfying. Far from the best trilogy ever, especially next to the LotR trilogy, but it stands on its own as a solid expansion to the Tolkien cinematic experience.


That's fair.  I don't know what the hell I was doing when I watched The Hobbit.
[deleted]
I didn't realize the trilogy received so much hate. I thoroughly enjoyed them, but I am by no means a die hard fan of Tolkein nor did I hype the movies up in any form. What really stood out for me was the aesthetics of the movie; I read The Hobbit when I was 9 and had trouble visualizing certain scenes. I thought all sets were beautiful, and really satisfied my curiousity for how they would be interpreted. In terms of story, I was immersed in the journey. I never stopped to say "this feels too long". Am I alone in that? I know the book was very short, but as a viewer who did not remember the story, I had trouble identifying which scenes were "new" and which were not. I realize that there are changes and I did find the "additional wizard" with the bunny-toboggan silly and jarring (kind of alike to jar-jar binks to be honest...) but I'm not going to call it a horrible movie because of that. I found the last movie very rewarding as I love the battles in LOTR. Am I alone in feeling this way? I know this is a shallow verdict but I feel like people are being too harsh.

I totally get that the movies didn't live up to expectations, and I get that they can be picked apart to show all the flaws, my point is that I was able to look past the faults and thoroughly enjoy it. Sometimes the problem with high expectations is that it's much more difficult to enjoy what should be a fun movie. 
All of you are insane.  Would you, offered so much money to obviously extend the franchise and capitalize on its success, turn down producers and executives who stated that they wanted to extend it?  For the overwhelming majority of you, of course not.  But these comments are filled with people who likely sit in either their parents' house or a rented room and get snarky.  I'm not saying he made a great artistic decision, but he made the same decision a lot of you would you make as well. 
I still haven't watched the third hobbit movie. And I've read lotr and the hobbit so many times I can't even count.

That's how bad the hobbit films were. I saw the first one in theatre and it was so bad that I refused to pay for the second. The second was so god damned awful that I can't even acknowledge the existence of the third.
Am I the only one who really enjoyed all the Hobbit movies?
I've been downvoted to hell every time I mention that Jackson fucked it up.  Nice to see that at least someone agrees with me.
Well. I liked 'em. The hate toward them is ridiculously incongruous to the quality of the films themselves. I agree that they're too long, that they could use some good editing. But so much of the criticism--in fact, nearly all of it--stems from people being irritated by their existence. The fact that there *are* three Hobbit movies is the problem people have. The first thing that comes up in any article or review of the films is the fact that it was supposed to be two films but they stretched it out to three, and the book it's based on is one not-terribly-long children's book. 

But that's not real criticism, IMO. You can't dismiss a film's quality based on the fact that its source material was short. You have to say, "Ok, but how are the films themselves?" Much like the original trilogy, I think the Hobbit movies function much better as a trilogy than separate films. TLOTR is so full of great moments, but other than Fellowship, they don't hold together as separate movies. They're all part of a larger story, and that's certainly how I think of them now. 

I'm rambling here, because I'm baffled by the hate. I have some problems with these movies, especially 5 Armies, which had that bizarre CGI-faced Dwarf, and focused on that awful comic-relief slimey character from Lake Town for absolutely no reason. 

But to say "They're turning one book into 3 movies!" is not valid criticism in and of itself. You just have to take that as a given, move on and look at the quality of the films themselves. And I think there's a lot to like about them. Are they more bloated than TLOTR? I'm not so sure. There are large swaths of the original trilogy that are superfluous and could be cut, but they add a little flavor, so I'm glad they kept them. There's a lot of superfluous stuff in the Hobbit, but it's there to add a little flavor. You could take the cynical route and say it's padding so the studio can make it three films, but you could also just try to enjoy it for what it is. 
Peter got sick for... SIX WEEKS?!

What the fuck, either he almost died or just didn't give a fuck since the check was so good.
The hobbit is the star wars prequels of fantasy. Lazy lazy shit. Every couple of years I'll do a 9hr marathon of the extended LOTR. There's no chance I'll waste my time on the Hobbit, what a shitty letdown - way to drop the ball.
[How will I buy food for my little orc babies?](https://youtu.be/SQkygZdZ_Vk?t=5m44s)
So does that mean the rabbits weren't your idea?

Don't think he was blame shifting, but I might have spread that butter on more bread now. 
I loved the LOTR movies.  I saw The Hobbit in 3d at the theatre and after that I never even paid attention to when the next couple came out.  
The hobbit is also a way more ambiguous book, it doesn't lend itself to the awesome dark v light good v evil blockbuster greatness.

Its is also super weird because it has a lighter over all tone, except none evil people fight each other, or almost fight each other and in that sense the movie is a lot darker.
Money.
Couldn't watch The Hobbit films.  Read the book too many times, including (with voices and act-outs) to my kids.  Jackson trashed the story.
Only Deep Space Nine has more plot holes than that bunch of time wasters
I suggest a reboot, with Nic Cage.
And yet it was better than what followed after.
He created something magical and timeless, and was loved for it.

Then he fulfilled his destiny, and truly became George Lucas.
[I said I'm busy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYsWWpyvhWU)
That's alright they'll get it the [next next time around](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWEm1v8ZmEw).
Click bait by Jackson. Obviously he did know.
Glad I've never wasted time to see any of the Hobbit trilogy.

At some point, this Hollywood trend of stretching the cash cow needs to stop. Alas, that would take the mindless minions exercising self control and not lining up in droves to see these monstrosities. As long as people keep handing over the cash, we're going to see 2 hour movies stretched into 3 separate 3 hour films.
I would have been so much more surprised if he said that he *knew* what he was doing. Still, cool that he admits it, not many people have the balls to do that.
You all made Peter Jackson lose his confidence. You cunts!
Explains why they used CGI characters  instead of actual actors. Wait... No it doesn't... 
After watching that video, I feel sorry for Peter Jackson. It's clear that he made the best movies that he could under the circumstances. The decision to make three movies was not his, so he ended up with a lot of fluff, on top of being handed someone else's project to complete. It sucks that the one thing he needed to make this series great was the one thing he didn't have, time.
Even with out reading any stories I just assume it is the same as everything else. 

Something is cool and gets a decent shot.  Some real mofos get behind it and it gets a solid treatment from actual great minds. Then that thing blows up and makes a ton of money.   As time passes all the great people (including Jackson and anybody else in this particular case) just lose grip on the thing.  Suits and investors and producers and asshats the world over get involved and royally fuck it all up. The story is boring.  We revel in the details like in the headline of the article but really it's just the same story of artists losing grip of what they have.  It happens to Movies, Video Games, and Music.  Quite often what made the original thing so great is far removed... you see somebodies name on something but they hardly had anything to do with it. I.E a lot of the later Wu Tang albums had music on it by people who were under the RZA. But that hardly even touches on all the shit involved there.  A lot of people who you think designed a video game or wrote for a film actualy were just consulting on it. Sure they did the original but now they are huge and don't have time so they just consult  a few times and their name is used.  

May be that isn't the story.  Usually when things get so big it becomes impossible to really tell anyways.  
This made me really sad. LOTR are my favorite movies of all time and I could tell that the same level of love, etc. was not given to the Hobbit movies. I wish it were possible for him to take a few years and get really prepared for them and make them the way they deserve to be made. Maybe only 2 movies this time.
He knew exactly what he was doing. Stuffing his pockets with cash. You don't need years of prep to know that this was a one movie project.

So that can we get somebody else to do it right this time?
Its interesting because in pre-production journals they addressed there was controversy whether it was ready to start production and whether it would actually film in New Zealand.  Jackson said "Of course! Look at the sets behind me!"  Kind of paints that billion dollar certainty in different lights when he admits he was winging it throughout the trilogy.

Jackson's talent seems to go down as his box office receipts go up.   
I sympathize completely. I'm working on this little two minute shot film, and it's taken everything out of me. All the costumes, the story boards, the locations - there's just so much that has to be done, I can't even imagine taking on three films this big, even with a team that is as skilled as his. 
great stuff. thanks for sharing

q
I dunno, there's a lot of cynicism and snark in here, and mixed in with that a minority of people defending him, but I feel like the truth is, as always, somewhere in the middle.

I doubt Jackson is a complete money-grubbing sellout, but he probably isn't a troubled artistic saint whose vision was ruined by producers either. Seems like the whole project was rather a mess, probably partly his fault, probably partly out of his control, but all said I would believe that he really did want to make good movies.

At the end of the day, we don't really know the whole story, but I don't really see most movie directors waking up and going to work in the morning, snickering to themselves, "How can I milk those suckers for more money today?" He's human, and I'm sure many factors went into his decisions (and while we're at it, it's not like he was the only guy involved in producing these movies!), but I don't think any of those decisions were consciously malicious.
I always thought Jackson was quite competent as a director and found it surprising at how bad the Hobbit movies were.
I think the first lady speaking in the video was the inspiration for Gollum 
Honestly, after watching the video, I sympathize with Peter Jackson. Given what he was given, I think it's great that the movies were entertaining at all.

Honestly, if Jackson was given more freedom with timing and cough not stretching the book into 3 movies cough, I think it could have been a masterpiece.
He and his co-writers did a stunning job on LOTR. I have the boxed extended-cut set. I sort of get how his version of The Hobbit sets up some things in LOTR, but overall TH movies were completely unnecessary.
No one's perfect.
Does this explain the cgi barrel river disaster?
 "...in a process he described as “making it up as I went along”.

Makes sense given the film was produced by WingNut Films
The third movie made me cry
I mean, I see the financial incentive for him to direct those movies. But if he had any artistic integrity at all, he would have dropped out once he saw how lazy and haphazard everything was and was going to continue being. Or he could have used his heavy studio might to fight them on all the corners they wanted cut. I know maybe with contracts and agents and all that this is easier said than done, but like I said, I think a real artist with integrity would have put up the fight. I lost a lot of respect for Jackson after these movies were made, especially given how good the first trilogy was. 
Guess Ed Sheeran was right! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QD7Rli82EE
So start working on mortal engines 
I think this is tragic, not the full potential from Jackson and not experiencing GDT's vision Fucken studios fault.
I would love to see this cut down to a Director's cut.  All three films cut down to one 3 hour long much more faithful film.  It's all there.  
I'd say New Zealand is disappointed in you but gauging by how we allowed John Key to be re-elected we really don't have the same threshold of embarrassment we used too.
Yeah, it's too bad we didn't get Del Toro's work in these films. I feel like it could have gone either way, with the whole film having a dreamlike  feel of a story being told to a kid, or we could have had dwarvish jaegers in the Battle of the Five Armies. 
My problem with the whole hobbit flick is everything is so damn cartoonish. 
 
What's really funny, is that he admits he basically stole your money and not once mentions giving it back. 

(I never saw Hobbit or LOTR, not my cup of tea)
I blame the Stephen Colbert cameo.  The stick he signaled with didn't even look like a real stick.  Total bullshit.  Next time, get a real fucking stick, Steve, you goddamn cheapass.
That explains the [walnut pillow](http://41.media.tumblr.com/fc5b5cf80d1d7a2d5cedff33c747dc63/tumblr_n45b0bYBYd1so2w3co1_500.jpg)
Given the director pulled out, the producers were going to get someone to do it. If it hadn't been Jackson, it would have been someone else who most likely would have done an even worse job.

So props to him for doing what needed to be done to make the films as good as they could have been given the circumstances.
his son played for the paintball team at our school. we gave him shit after the hobbit came out to try and get his dad to make the movies better and/or redo the eragon franchise. 
REALLY NOW
They should have just re-released [this version](http://i.imgur.com/6LrbhCM.jpg)
Neither did we, Peter Jackson. Neither did we.
I watched about the first 10 minutes and it looked terrible a big set. I had to stop watching
The only thing about the Hobbit that was good to me was the last 45 seconds of Desolation of Smaug. The "What have we done?" gives me chills just thinking about it.
Watching the behind-the-scenes interviews was surreal. Everyone's pulling their hair out to manage all of the scale and complexity of this 300 page book. Peter's adding in new characters, battles, and dialogue right out of hammerspace all the while complaining that there's no possible way he can wrangle all of it.

Why didn't they try to trim the fat and reign it in to reduce the production into something manageable? I have my own theories involving Peter Jackson not hearing "no" very often, finding work for the huge crew dedicated to props and sets and makeup who have literally nothing to do in NZ without Hobbit movies to make, and trying to make an epic on the same scale as LOTR to make lightning strike twice.
It became somewhat symbolic of the LOTR world with the Silmarillion. 

Everyone says the same thing. Make the hobbit a standalone film which is generally aimed at a younger market which an introduction to that world. 
TIL Peter Jackson was not going to the director until whatshisname left. 
At least he has the balls to admit what went wrong with his prequels, as opposed to Lucas, who had all the time in the world and still made a terrible product.
reminds me of the films that i and my friends made off of books for english class in junior college, didnt read the books and had a set time  to finish it, guess the same thing happend with PJ except that he wasnt in junior college
That's why I'm REALLY hoping for some great fan edits of the film.
There will always be the animated version.
That's a shame, but not all that surprising. The fans deserved better than those films. I won't fall for PJ's tricks again though!
At the end of the day, so long as children have been entertained and had their imaginations enriched, these fantasy action movies are a success.
I really hate when directors or actors do this. They make anyone who may have genuinely enjoyed their projects feel cheated or stupid. As the director saying this I'm sure any of his actors after hearing this feel slighted. Though I did not love the Hobbit trilogy, unlike I do with LoTR (to the point I broke up with an ex over the fact that she hated them), I certainly enjoyed them. But, since Peter Jackson opened himself up to this here you go. The biggest problem with The Hobbit Trilogy was it  being a trilogy. I bet if it was just the two initial films that had been written, An Unexpected Journey and There and Back Again. Us as fans wouldn't have to endure that extremely awkward Legolas, Tauriel, and Kili love triangle. If the film was split into two movies, and the first film would have ended when the dwarves and Bilbo met Bard. This turning the second film into an incredible 2.5- 3 hours of Smaug and the Battle of Five Armies. Now, I don't know if it was the studio pressuring Jackson to make as much money as possible by creating a third film. I honestly never believed him when WB announced that were making three films, when he said "Oh I've shot enough for now than three." Which was later backed up by Ian McKellan and Martin Freeman who said the reshoots were some of the most extensive they have ever been apart of. Then we have the problem with the crazy amounts of bad to average cgi, minus Smaug, Azok, and Smeagol. Bringing us back to this tiny book being split into three films. Cgi or practical effects teams need time to make great effects. If you tell your effects team you guys have two to three years per movie for two movies. Then midway through their production word from on high days, "No, no, no, no we need three movies. In the same amount of time. Thanks bye."  Then, even though I didn't mind it as much as others, let's go to the 48fps for the 3D. This is completely inexplicable, don't get me wrong I am for pushing boundaries in film. The reasoning was it will make 3D more realistic but it didn't it looked pretty much the same once you got use to it. Then there was that ridiculous GoPro barrel scene, still a head scratcher. Anyways I have kinda lost my train of thought, but to sum it up the biggest failure of The Hobbit films was that there were 3. That led to having to create extra scenes from appendices, expanding on bad ideas, and a CGI fuck fest. 
Cashing the checks
I only read the cliff notes 
It shows in the movies
Is he just another case of George Lucas? In other words, all of the talented people around him really making what the films were, rather than being a good director himself? 
I think we all knew this.
All I'll say is I was terribly disappointed when de Toro left the production, and I was even more disappointed after seeing the first movie.

The Hobbit was always my favorite of the books. It was folksy and dear. Jackson mutated it into a more biblical style epic to match the LOTR and it just ruined it for me. I wish so badly we had gotten to see Guillermo del Toro's vision for it. It would have, at the very least, been fascinating. At best, possibly one of the greatest movies of all time.

Edited to add:
And I STILL don't get what was more important than The Hobbit for del Toro. C'mon man. :/
Considering the 3rd film is essentially one big drawn out battle scene it's not surprising. Would have worked far better as 2 movies at the most.
I think Peter Jackson realized that if he didn't make these movies, someone else was going to, and it would've probably been terrible. The cinematic world of LotR was his baby, and he'd be damned if he let the studios fuck it up.

The studio rushed him, sure, and the movies are bloated and not really coherent. But look on the bright side! They're still better than whatever schlock the studios would have done on their own, and I'm sure there will be a fan-edit of The Hobbit series that condenses it into something...more sensible.
Not excuses, no forgiveness.

edit: It was supposed to say 'no' not 'not'. 
Dear Mr Jackson,

It didn't go unnoticed!

Sincerely,

The People Who Wasted 543 Minutes
Meh. I liked the Hobbit trilogy. Saw each one and left with a smile on my face every time.
ahahahaha the submission title is amazing
Fairly amazing that crap directed by someone who said flat out "I didn't know what the hell I was doing" could earn $3 billion.
Haha, well no shit really?
Maybe the lord of the rings was a better story,  that's why it was a better movie.  

The hobbit was about getting gold back  from  a dragon.  That's basically the whole trilogy, according to the movie.

Maybe if he made it in the same style and tone as lotr while adding intersecting lotr plots,  away from the hobbit quest converging to the fellowship movie,  and focused on the ring, instead of a dragon and gold,  it could have blended and been a seamless part of the lotr puzzle,  fitting in pieces that were left out.
I really liked the movies. 
It showed.
Yeah... It showed. My friends and I were baffled by how bad the second movie was. What a terrible movie.
WTF is with all of the Hobbit hate? I like the Hobbit films quite a bit better than the LOTR films. They're much more engaging, despite the cheesy action scenes.
Making money and killing the franchise. Pretty easy.
Aw man, is he back to being fat?
Eh...it was aiiiight. Not as bad IMHO as the Star Wars prequels but watchable in the end.
Funny, if I posted to /r/movies a week after release saying it seemed like the director had no idea what he was doing I would get downvoted to hell. Now the actual director admits it and all the sudden everyone comes around "well yeah its obvious".  Fuckign fan boys.
Ok so fans disapprove of his work and his witty response is "well, I wasn't even *trying*. I was winging it"

Digging his own grave. He was blessed with such an Epic first trilogy, should fans ever trust him again with *any* franchise?

My answer is yes because I didn't think the movies were that bad.

*runs away, jumps on eagle and flies the fuck away while smoking that pipe they all smoke*
It shows
And it shows.
It shows
I don't understand the hate of these films. I love the world PJ built, there were some problems sure, but they are far better than most films that come out, and they stand up to repeated viewings. I would even love extended editions. I enjoy spending time in this universe. 

For the record, I have read the hobbit, and LOTR. 

He knew exactly what he was doing

$$$$$$$$$$$$$

Now he's acting as if it was just some fluke so gullible fan boys will remember him better and executives may give him another job
I've been saying The Hobbit series were shite since they came out.  This coming from someone who saw FOTR at least 10 times in the theaters and has watched the extended editions far more.  

The Hobbit just.. sucks.  They took a tight, clean little story that works in no small part BECAUSE it's tight and clean, and turned it into three movies of bloat.  I don't think I even saw the last one - has it come out?  Who cares.  The Hobbit is rad because it lets YOU fill in the gaps about all the horrid stuff.  The movies cram it down your throat.
Yeah.  No kidding you piece of shit.  You led me on with the LoTR movies, which were great, and then you pumped my hopes by announcing that you were making "The Hobbit" and then you destroyed them as thoroughly and as methodically as you could have.  You are a monster. 

You were "making it up as you went along".  That's... that's just great.  This may surprise you Pete but there is actually a whole list of things that happen during "The Hobbit" already written down.  It's neatly packaged in the form of a small book called "The Hobbit".  It's one of the best pieces of young-adult fiction ever written, a "classic" as it were, and one of my favorite books of all time.

Until mid-December 2012.

You say you didn't have enough time to really plan it out.  Quesadilla Del Toro bailed out and left you with not enough time to prepare properly.  I get that.  Rushed jobs are tough.  

Oh hey, I have a quick question.  Just curious: how much time did it take you to invent, cast, and write the bird-poop-covered waste-of-space stoner who drives a goddamn dogsled-except-it's-pulled-by-rabbits that you just threw into the movie because you thought he'd be hilarious.  How much time did it take to build the scene where he gets his pet hedgehog high after... whatever it is that happens to him happens? Gosh I know your schedule must have been just fucking *packed*, but could you maybe have just... I dunno... NOT FUCKING DONE ANY OF THAT?  HOW MUCH TIME WOULD THAT HAVE SAVED YOU HUH??  MAYBE THAT WOULD HAVE SAVED A COUPLE OF DAYS OF YOUR PRECIOUS TIME THAT YOU COULD HAVE THEN USED TO DO SOME GODDAMN STORYBOARDS!!  HUH?  WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT LITTLE TIME-SAVING SUGGESTION PETE??  MAYBE YOU COULD HAVE JUST STUCK TO CHARACTERS IN THE BOOK!! IF YOU HADN'T SPENT SO MUCH FUCKING TIME INVENTING AND INSERTING POINTLESS IDIOTS INTO YOUR MOVIE YOU COULD HAVE TAKEN THE OCCASIONAL FUCKING NAP.

Whew.  Okay.  I've had a drink or two and had a little lie-down.  I'm better now.  I'm sorry I flew off the handle there.  Let's continue.

As I was saying,  you seem to have had a bit of time crunch.  At the same time you seem to have *spent* a lot of time creating *completely pointless* characters to throw in.  It seems as if you could have not done that and used the extra time to focus on the characters that actually fit within the plot.  Again, there is a source document that I think you might want to read someday.  You can almost certainly find a copy at your local used-book shop, (I don't really speak Zealand or whatever, it may be a "shoppe" instead.  Check google translate.) it might look like this: [GIS](https://www.google.com/search?q=the+hobbit+book&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwic_aXmhZ7JAhXTW4gKHf2bDvQQ_AUICCgC&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=935) .

  I understand that print and movies are different.  I really do. I watched and enjoyed the LoTR movies.  They're wonderful.  They diverged somewhat from the books and I didn't really mind. What works in a book might fall flat on the big screen and vice versa.  I think the deviations you made in the LoTR movies were great.  I only mention this so that you won't think I'm one of the wild-eyed lunatics who insist that every movie that's based on a book must adhere slavishly to the print form.  I'm not the kind of  guy to watch X-Men First Class and immediately start bitching about Alex Summers' age.  Havok is a neat character and I liked seeing him on screen.  Having said that... WHY IS THERE A ONE HANDED SUPER-ORC WITH THIS HUGE ARMY WHO CHASES EVERYBODY EVERYWHERE?  WHY DID YOU PUT HIM IN THIS MOVIE??  DID YOU JUST WAKE UP ONE DAY AND SAY "YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MOVIE NEEDS? A *BAD GUY*"?  THERE IS A DRAGON MR. JACKSON.  THERE IS AN ENTIRE DRAGON IN THE BOOK.  THAT SHOULD BE PLENTY OF ANTAGONIST.  

Hokay.  Sorry.  I got a little excited there.  I think I'm done being angry now thouNOPE I'M NOT.  I WANT YOU TO GO AND WATCH THE 1977 HOBBIT MOVIE PETER HACKSON.  WATCH IT AND CRY.  HOW DOES IT FEEL TO KNOW THAT FUCKING RANKIN AND BASS MADE A "HOBBIT" MOVIE FOR ABOUT 1% OF THE BUDGET YOU HAD AND IT'S BETTER IN ALMOST EVERY WAY.  I WANT YOU TO THINK ABOUT THAT LONG AND HARD.  RANKIN AND BASS. THE PEOPLE WHO CAST *ETHEL* GODDAMN *MERMAN* AS THE FLYING COWGIRL IN "RUDOLPH AND FROSTY'S CHRISTMAS IN JULY" MADE A HOBBIT MOVIE THAT KICKS THE LIVING SHIT OUT OF YOURS.  HOW DOES THAT FEEL?  DOES IT STING? DOES IT BURN?  DOES IS SEAR?? I HOPE IT DOES!  BECAUSE THAT IS ABOUT 1/100th  THE PAIN THAT DIEHARD CHILDHOOD FANS OF THIS BOOK FELT DURING THAT SENSELESS SLAPSTICK BARREL-RIDING-DWARF VS ORC FIGHT THAT FILI'S POINTLESS GIRLFRIEND WAS IN FOR NO REASON.  

In closing:

YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE!  YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BRING "THE HOBBIT" TO THE BIG SCREEN IN A WAY THAT WOULD MAKE A WHOLE NEW GENERATION FALL IN LOVE WITH A TIMELESS CLASSIC, NOT LEAVE IT IN DARKNESS!

P.S.

I HOPE YOU DIE.
Neither do we, Pete.  Neither do we.

We do wish you had stopped.
Its sad that he couldnt put out something even 60% of what LOTR was, thr hobbit is so badly done that most people dont even want to watch one movie, let alone 3.
i always thought The Hobbit was one of the best -- if not the best -- in the LOTR series. so sad the movies were so awful. i prob won't watch them again until my kids are in elementary school. 
The movies are fine... for the casuals like myself it's entertaining to watch; wizards, dwarfs and orcs fight without an extra two hours of dialogue explaining The Son Of Yore Crockpot of The Second of Kin and his fairy mother.

Stick to the books, if you love the books.

People who give TLOTR trilogy a 10/10 STILL have plenty to complain about regardless of the director's direction...
It showed. Too much cheesy CGI and poor story telling. 
...
🤔....💰💰💰....🤑👍....💩🎞
Well, that movie(s) did blow.
I don't get the hate, it's a great sleeping pill.
I thought the first hobbit movie was fine, but it went way off course the longer the movies went.
If they did not put in Azog, the white ork, most people would be so bored and complai. People do complain that there was too much singing and lack of action. Where in the book, there was more singing and dancing, wolves and goblins included. Action was stretched few and far between.
Radaghaust was something I do not agree with for the movie.
Well yeah it sucked 
I love the LOTR movies but didn't ever get excited for The Hobbit. Then one day I decided to watch the first one, and about an hour into it (or whenever Radagast the Brown shows up) I was thoroughly confused and turned it off.  
Nice cop out. You made a bad movie, just admit that you're not as good as you think you are.
Just the 48fps thing is enough to convince me that's true.
It felt like I was watching his fanfic. 
So, how long do we have to wait before a Hobbit remake can be done that isn't awful?
Because of this admission, I will quit posting in every forum I've found about the Hobbit, "F__K Y_U Peter Jackson!!! I'm glad he recognizes the turd that it is. Now, if all the people will stop defending this turn, Ill be happy again... Oh! And I want my 27 dollars. 3 movies*9$!!!
We didn't know either, Peter.
I'm curious if he believes there is enough material that he could come up with a director's cut.

Even with some rough storyboards in places to bridge the gaps; I'd be curious to see what a director's vision can do to a film.
No shit
Agreed.
clearly
LOL I HATE thinking about The Hobbit. I try to pretend that the last one never happened..
walked out on that movie an hour and a half in because was boring af.
you butchered it anyway, ../..
That would be right he butchered it left out important  parts and added crap  to make it his version.
Glad he acknowledges it the hobbit was awful. 
The Hobbit Audience: 'we know!'
&gt;The source said: “Presumably during a fierce conflict he began to force her to perform her conjugal duty by threats and showing her an explosive device.”

Raping someone with the threat of a grenade? That's the first time I've ever seen that in the news.
&gt;was killed alongside hubby Nikita Bobrovsky

So let me get this right - this dude decides to rape his wife and threaten her with an explosive and the word you choose to refer to him is *hubby?*
The worst thing is they had a daughter.
Your mom.
This just sounds like a cover up for an assassination. This is NOT a convincing story at all. It's complete speculation based off of NO SOURCE. Read/Listen to how they write this story.

'THREATENING WITH A GRENADE?'

ACTUALLY PULLING PIN?

I'm calling bullshit.
This reporting at best is bogus.
How do they come to these conclusions? That he forced her to have sex by threatening her with a grenade? Is it because Russian MPs are bugged?
Sad. He exploded way too soon. 
&gt;Was killed alongside **hubby** Nikita Bobrovsky

&gt;It is thought they were **rowing** at the time

Who the fuck writes this shit?
Sounds like they weren't having safe sex.


(How the hell am I the first person to make an unsafe sex joke?--You bastards are really slipping.)
He pulled a ring on it. 
&gt;The couple had a four-year-old daughter who was orphaned by the tragedy.

Of course. Because having marital fights involving explosives isn't enough. Gotta orphan a little child in the process. Fuck this world sometimes.
Hah, RAPE MURDER SUICIDE in RUSSIA!

It's funny cause they're Russian. 


Only a good guy with a grenade can stop a bad guy with a grenade.
At least they went out with a bang. ^^^I ^^^won't ^^^see ^^^myself ^^^outside.
people are gullible to believe everything that journalists say

the culprit may as well be business partners with corrupt police covering it
This is earlier than usual for me to say: "That's enough internet for one day."
"It is thought they were rowing at the time and he had previously accused her of cheating on him with a wealthy lover, according to police sources."

Honey, look, we went through all the trouble to get the rowboat, don't ruin it with a hand grenade.
That gives a whole new meaning to banging someone.
Edit: this blew up
We Are Sex Bob-omb!
talk about explosive 
In Soviet Russia, orgasm explode on you!
Wow. Headline should read "MP Likely Raped At Grenadepoint Then Killed In Murder Suicide". Dunno what's with the ultra neutered heading.
I've unfortunately had to jump on a couple of grenades before myself, I usually don't set them off sexually until I get back to me and my bro's apartment though, so I can hide my shame.
Totally not a targetted car bomb....definitely a husband raping his wife with a grenade...just saying
I guess you can say they had a blast.
I guess he blew his load 
At least they went out with a bang. ^^^I ^^^won't ^^^see ^^^myself ^^^outside.
Going through her Instagram made this a bit heartbreaking. :(
He did try to rape your wife.
This is actually very sad news considering she was being forced into having sex.
It is even more oniony when you realize her last name is basically "beaver".
It is thought they were rowing at the time? Forgive a non-native speaker, but did they bring a boat into that 4x4?
Wowwww!!!!  News from Russia!  Each witness' comment MUST be true and taken at face value!  I'm not ruffling any feathers by saying this either, cause of Russian Free Spe-------------------------
the more i read the more dark it got, not sure if the last theory is true though.
&lt;insert "sex bomb" joke or song here&gt;
https://youtu.be/k3_KP6yUWEw
What a drag tell me

сука blyat
Russian road rage, as usual.
&gt;or a piece of TNT

gl buddy

whatchoo gonna do? make me yellow?
What a way to go.
The Kingsmaker strikes again
[The last thing that he said was; "Set this fucker off".....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k225_q1L9l4)
explosive im sure
Well I guess you could say it was an... explosive finish.

That's a whole new level of kinky. Damn.
They just wanted to bang...
there is something very russian about it 
When you see local news on the front page, you just know that something blew up big enough to return as an echo from the opposite side of the globe.
Whan in the world is "MP"?
I'm gonna regret this...
But at least they went out with a bang!
Now that's a blow job.
Oh shit! I fucked in a RAV4 once, not a lot of room to do much.
I'll take least believable assassination cover story for 500, Alex
Da real a sex bomb 

Tom Jones will be proud
How could they possibly know all these details?
lol sweet old hubby
It's like catching grenade.. Oh girl
She probably pulled the pin to avoid fucking the dirty bastard.
So extremely sad but... That's metal 
Something something Soviet Russia something something blows you
Maybe it was their fetish?
It's actually more often applied to the target will do the trick.
Talk about a climax...
I read the article as:

 "Russian MP assassinated poorly concocted grenade/sex/rape story used as cover!" 
I found her Instagram account and it's very sad to see 
the happy children in the photos.  I'm very sorry for their loss:  https://www.instagram.com/oksana_bobrovskaya_/

Now that's a blow job
. . . While listening to "Grenade" by Bruno Mars  

"To give me all your love is all I ever asked 'cause
What you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for you"

. . . and then he did!
Come on. She was NOT a member of federal parliament, but a member of a city council (Zakonodatelnoye sobranie of Novosibirsk), a city/district parliament.

Every large city in Russia has a council, and every federal district has a whole government (with ministers and its own parliament).
That is what I call an explosive climax
Only in Mother Russia
In Soviet Russia, sex fuck you.
misery loves company
I've always wanted to go out with a bang.
&gt;Husband out of work

&gt;She became the sole breadwinner

&gt;She withdrew sex
 
&gt;He got blueballs

&gt;He killed her because she wouldn't sleep with him anymore
Wow. Must be quite an assassin to get the MP and ALSO wreck the reputation of her lover. 

I wager someone threw a grenade in there, and the fix is in. 


"Major news outlet LifeNews"

What the fuck Australia
I feel bad for the 4 year old.
They went out with a bang 
Manny and Gloria will be caved in while the others out.
I guess you could say they went out with a bang.
*Cue laugh track 
/r/anormaldayinrussia
How do they know he was raping her?  
Note to Australian journalists: 'hubby' is a little casual for an obituary.
Well least she went down banging ಠ_ಠ
Gives a whole new meaning to the term 'explosive orgasm'
Now that's going out with a bang.
I don't buy it. Anything is possible in theory, but the notion of a man intentionally blowing himself up while fucking his wife is extremely remote to the point of absurdity. Given that this is Russia, a thug paradise run in large part by organized crime, the far more likely explanation is that someone wanted this guy dead and planted a bomb in his car, and the wife was just collateral damage. The article itself suggests as much:
It was so loud you couldn't even hear a pin drop 
Headline: Banging Russian Goes Out With A Bang
Sounds like that sex was...

(•_•) / ( •_•)&gt;⌐■-■ / (⌐■_■)

...explosive.
Gentlemen, don't have sex in a car.
Ok, so just reading the title... WHAT THE FUCK
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/fb/00/49/fb0049db4a632cb318f088f6ccfd4245.jpg
Come on Putin. Nobody's gonna buy that.
Well, in the US we have tons of murder suicide, by guns. We have no gernades, so that may be why it is odd to us. Ah the whole, performing sex with someone your about to kill and then off your self too in the process, that seems odd. 

But who am i to judge?
Isn't this the plot of The Bourne Supremacy?
[My scumbag brain everyone....](http://imgur.com/gallery/dnjavHj)
She's beautiful. Looks more Iranian than Russian 
Sounds like they went out with a bang.
She looks like Marisa Tomei in this photo: https://www.instagram.com/p/8LxtKbFQxx/?taken-by=oksana_bobrovskaya_
Haha. Oh, Russia. It's like the wider Earth's answer to Florida.
Loving the sick jokes on here. You people make me sick sometimes.

Was just on her instagram page where she posted a photo of fish 4 days ago.... it's so sad. Here she is loving these fish not knowing in 4 days she was going to be blown to fucking bits. 

And posted photos of her daughter a week ago too... ugh so sad. Just so tragic.

But you all can just keep cracking jokes at the expense of other people's misery. 
But I bet the sex was bomb........lol....lol....sob.
That's one way to go out with a bang. Or two bangs in this case.
What does MP stand for in this context?
I guess he went out with a BANG..... ...

....
You know, for some reason I was expecting this to be like a Darwin Award type situation...

Now I'm sitting here feeling shitty for the dumb joke that popped into my head when reading the headline
This sounds like something straight outta South Park 
*god dammit Bruno Maaa-*
In mother Russia grenade bangs you!!!
This is actually very sad news considering she was being forced into having sex.
In soviet russia sex fucks you!
wtf
Dude went out with a bang!
classic Russia
Well, they went out with a bang for sure.
He pulled out the wrong pin
RIP.
Wow she's like 80s Bond girl hot.
That's one hell of a blow job
Huh yeah...I know that game

How do the news know it was suicide? How do they know of the wife betraying her husband? Those are very private things. 
Something something sex bomb.
Went out with a bang.

Edit: I'm so sorry #prayforrussia
I guess. You could say. They exploded together.

YEAAAAAAAAAH!

I'll show my self out.
Something something blow job. 
I bet the orgasm was explosive.
Pretty unconvincing story.The fact this is not being questioned suprises and disappointes me in equal measures.
Is the grenade OK? 
The title makes a mockery of a pretty heinous crime. If this account of events is correct, the woman was being raped and threatened with death! Should have expected such though, News.com.au journalism is always shameful and disgusting. 
If you didn't think that was a hot piece of ass before, it would certainly be hard to deny immediately after the incident.
I wonder if he timed it just right. Last thing you do is bust in that beauty. Sad though but she shouldn't have cheated on him while still married with a rich guy while he was down on his luck. Not saying this was the right way to handle it though.
She said "I want you to explode all over my face" and he  took it too literally.
I hope he came before he went..
She went out with a bang....
Going out with a bang!
And then Russia wants to be taken seriously
Premature Detonation?
I'm sure Russian media will blame Turkey or Ukraine or the US for planting the husband who detonated the bomb in the first place.
wow i wonder how their last conversation/words went.
my eyebrows rose on reflex

click dick bait title
Wow. I laughed when I read the title, and then I read the article and was totally bummed out. 


LPT: do not read the articles, only the headlines.
Im sorry...WHAAAT!?
...yea, this smells fishy and I dont think it's Mrs. Bobrovskaya.
You can say "They had a blast"
What does the 'special services' branch of the russian military do?
Everything is bigger in Russia.  Even the extramarital revenge.  Jesus.
As George Carlin would say, "when it goes off, the guy wouldn't know if he was coming or going!"
Sometimes I wonder if articles like this in Puritan New England.
idiot...he can left the wife..now the kid is without any parents..dumb fuck
yeah right it was the husband.. sure russia and i'm the king of prussia
At least they went out with a bang 
*Oh, you Russians!*
Only in Russia would an MP have a hand grenade sitting on the backseat of the car.
I think "Russian PM" would have made for a much more interesting story.
Russians sure do know how to bang.
Russia: still weirder than Florida.
I guess you could say he blasted her apart.
Best way to go... With a 'bang'
Now that's what I call an explosive marriage.
Gonna nsfw this?

Their daughter is now orphaned. What are they even going to tell her? 
eREKTile Dysfunction.
I guess you could say the climax was explosive.
Putin went full ''Francis Underwood''
[relevant song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkFfK-mh1kQ)

At least they went out with a bang 
Annnd.... [Boom goes the dynamite](http://cdn.meme.li/instances/600x/53781853.jpg)
I guess you could say that pussy was the bomb.

Something, something

went out with a bang
Sexual Eruption
*Oh*, those Russians...
LOL DEY IZ DED! - reddit
What a bang
He came and went.
I guess one could say she was blown away
I wonder if it went off accidentally?
They went out with a bang
I came thinking it was going to be a somewhat reasonable thing about the school focusing on fact memorization rather than creativity and application.

Nope!
The teacher does have a point that in the high pressure educational arms race, what the students actually want to do with their lives is sometimes lost. She sort of lost me when the alternatives were girls taking nature walks and memorizing poetry. 
This article simply butchers the person's opinion. I want to read the subject's ideas; in this article I really have no idea what she thinks.

Here is some of the piece in [*The Oldie* magazine](http://www.theoldie.co.uk/), November 11, 2015: http://www.pressreader.com/uk/the-oldie/20151111/281526519930168/TextView.

In it the author recounts the past, which is interesting, and then describes the present, which is also interesting. She concludes with:

&gt;Back then, girls weren't expected to go on to higher education ... Today, everything is geared towards getting into the best universities .... It's depressing talking to girls making their A-level choices. If they love a subject but feel they're not good at it, they drop it. If they love a subject but Oxford won't like it, they drop it. All that matters is getting an A and impressing the university admissions board.

&gt;I'm not suggesting that we should go back to the days when sex education was a lesson on the reproduction of rabbits, or when no one learned any science. However, I do think something has gone very wrong. It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually enjoy and want to do with their lives. Happiness and success don't turn on A's and a place at Oxford. What matters is working out what you want to do and doing it.

Don't believe everything you read. (And it seems we got baited by various newspapers.)
"Facts are useless.  You can use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true!"

Homer (Simpson)
&gt; One mother, who preferred to remain anonymous, told the Daily Mail

She sends her kids to a £20K per year private school. Of course she wants to remain anonymous. There would be a scandal if the other parents found out she reads the Daily Mail.
Religion teacher from century old Religious school has old fashioned religion shaped point of view. Parents quoted as saying "I am simply shocked"

Also in tonight headlines the Sun surprises us all by once again disappearing below the horizon. Scientists are still baffled
&gt;who teaches religious education

There we go.
That is why I've always like descriptions of old (100+ years) universities, in contrast to modern schools. 

All of the responsibility to learn was basically on the student. The university was just a tool for the *student* to take advantage of. The professors would give periodic lectures and you could attend or not. They would also recommend books and you'd simply be expected to work through them on your own. There weren't really elaborate systems of grades or points or tests...a student would get evaluated for competence at the end (like a Ph.D. presentation) and that was about it. 

Way way different than today's "education mills" where students are conveyor belted along, stuffed full of facts and then spit out onto the streets. 
&gt;"Happiness and success don't turn on A*s and a place at Oxford."

True statement.
Why is there an entire story and news reports about what one teacher thinks?
If this was a reasonable arguememt about how students of all genders are geared towards memorization rather than application, I'd understand, but of course it is "old-fashioned" drivel.
~~This is the most onion-y news article I've seen in a long while.~~    
Edit: Nope. Apparently the article totally takes the teachers words out of context.
&gt; Blanche Girouard, who teaches religious education at the £20,000 a year St Paul's Girls' School, also suggested girls were happier when they were simply expected to marry rather than go to university.

&gt; Writing for The Oldie magazine, Ms Girouard praised an era when "everything seemed to be geared towards marriage" and "parents really didn't seem to care" about educating girls.
There's gonna be alot of stupid bullshit kneejerk comments to this before long, I imagine.

She's not calling for a return to that era or those practices. Notice the part of the article where she did say: *"it seems heinous that parents had such limited ambition for their bright daughters," she adds: "And yet there are aspects of that era that are enviable."*?

and right after that: *"It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually want..."*

So uhh yeah, make sure you read the whole thing, folks.

Quality "Oniony" post. That website is shit though -- it's like some chinese finger trap except for your mouse and your brain.
...., says a woman with a career.
Who cares what this person thinks?  We can find endless examples of a person saying something dumb.
This applies to every gender at every school
&gt;After bemoaning how girls were "cramming their heads full of facts", she wrote: "It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually want.

......... But we already do that? It just so happens a lot of girls and women do want to go to higher education, and not jump right into marriage and popping out babies.


Why not let them all wear headscarfs to protect their modesty too while we're at it? The only thing they should be allowed to do like men do is Jihad. Oh wait...wrong religion. Crusade maybe?
&gt; A private school teacher has complained about how "today's girls aren't going on nature walks or learning poetry off by heart - they're cramming their heads full of facts". 

OH! I thought it was going to be about-
&gt; Blanche Girouard, who teaches religious education at the £20,000 a year St Paul's Girls' School, also suggested girls were happier when they were simply expected to marry rather than go to university.

Oh.
you know ... i wonder if this isn't true of everyone though?  like, "It's time we backed off and gave EVERYONE the time and space to work out what they actually want."

i feel like there's too much pressure to do A, B, C and not what you actually want, you know?  Maybe it's just me, but I felt immense pressure to go straight to college and study something practical and graduate and get married and have a family, etc.  thankfully, i chose to do whatever the hell i wanted, but i have friends who are now mid-30s, middle management, on kid #2 and miserable.

thoughts?
Lets give her the benefit of the doubt, maybe she is referring to how kids are just memorizing things instead of actually learning. 

*reads article*

Nope she's just stuck in 1884
&gt;Writing for The Oldie magazine, Ms Girouard praised an era when "everything seemed to be geared towards marriage" and "parents really didn't seem to care" about educating girls.

I think they may be overlooking the fact that at that time the economy was doing well enough that almost anyone could afford a house. You could have the luxury to think of a co-dependent marriage as a lifestyle if you wanted to because so many men could afford to present it as an option. That option is practically as non-existent as our middle class. 

Learning poetry is not going to bring that back.
I mean she has a point. I don't think it's exclusive to girls, but everyone could benefit from only focusing on their happiness. 
old fashioned is an understatement. It is all about choice. If A's and Oxford are what you want then you should be able to have it. 

Oh god, stop with the women need special treatment bullshit. 
I feel like this is some sort of "Peppridge Farm remembers" type of thing.
Well... to each their own... some people want to stay at home and do nothing, others want to get out and live life.

In response particularly to her opinion though... 

With women's equal rights to men, comes equal responsibilities.
Guys, would you not dip on education and live life free to do whatever you want, given the opportunity?

This goes for anyone... you don't get to have life's luxuries for doing nothing, you have to work for it. 
No I'm not sexist, I'm not on anyone's side really. 


I'm on every side and no ones side, because I just point out inconsistencies and inequality issues.
I represent those that society is against, which is everyone in some way or another
Well if she wants it to go back the way it was, she's going to have to find men who are willing to lower their expectations of their wives, treat them like princesses, and support their whole existence in exchange for needlepoint pillowcases.
The teacher is an RE teacher, so he has spent his life cramming his head wth fictions.
As a person who got a bachelors in religion and masters in divinity...and regret every minute, good for them.
Sounds like she's jealous. Seems pretty clear her head has fewer facts in it than them. 
I mean, how dare they? They'll be wanting jobs next! /s
Why is this unbelievable or strange? Rote memorization isn't exactly the highest form of learning.

When did my mom move to Britain and become a teacher. 
"Teaches religious education" This is where I understood this story was going to be real nonsense.
&gt; Blanche Girouard, who teaches **religious** education at the [...]

surprise, surprise. no, not really.
Why would someone teaching RE object to young people learning facts.... oh

&gt; Blanche Girouard, who teaches at ... St Paul's Girls' School

Perhaps this person chose the wrong profession, or at least the wrong employer.
The same teachers probably complain that less than half of the top positions in the world are filled by women.
Victorian England called. They want their finishing school teacher back. 
The good old days, when men were men and women were livestock...
Coming from a woman who isn't married and instead pursued a professional career..
That's an extremely narrow minded statement. Perhaps she should visit parts of the world where women don't have access to education ask them how they feel about their lives. Admittedly if I was forced to be someone's slave the entirety of my life without having a say I would not take it nicely. Having access to education opens up so many doors, it opens up independence. 
This woman seems lost. Where is her husband? Why did he allow her to write for a magazine?
[deleted]
I think Ms. Girouard regrets going for a career instead of a husband.
For a moment I was going to give this instructor the benefit of the doubt and say "maybe she thinks that fact memorization shouldn't be what all school is about." Then the line about marriage hit and I was like "the f*ck?"
Why was I not surprised when I read, "teaches religious education"?
Facts as opposed to??
Okay, having read this article, I have one question to ask: Who the fuck sincerely thinks this?! It's like saying "Boys shouldn't be learning, they should be out working hard, 12 hour shifts, or fighting for [Insert country of origin here]."
My wife and I went to private high school.  She wanted to take the advanced math class so she could take calculus early, calc 2, etc.  There were seven or eight boys taking this route.  The principal didn't want to let her despite her having great grades.  Her parents got involved and the principal told them he didn't understand why a girl would want to or need to take advanced math.  They ripped him a new asshole and she got into the class and was the top student.  She went on to engineering school, then to medical school, and is currently a surgeon.  I don't think she uses advanced math... maybe the principal was right. hmm.
There is something to be said for teaching critical thinking rather than route memorization. I'm not saying that's what this teacher was doing, but memorizing facts is much less useful than learning how to think. 
But but men and women are equal! We don't need feminism! You guys aren't oppressed or anything!!
The teacher responsible for teaching religion would be the one saying that filling someones head full of facts is not a worthy pursuit of their time. Color me surprised.
Okay, hear me out. I just read the actual article, and I see where she's coming from. She said it in an inappropriately gendered and crotchety-old-lady type of way, but she has a point.

It seems like her main beef is that schools are focusing so hard on academic/career success that they're neglecting to teach children a lot of the things that contribute to being a happy, well-balanced person.

The teacher quoted said that kids don't get enough "nature walks and poetry", and that "happiness doesn't turn on A grades". This is entirely true. Childhood education is as much about learning emotional regulation, socialization, and the ability to slow down and appreciate the world around them as it does the memorization of facts and getting good grades.
"I'm not a sexist, but... don't you guys think it's better if women are raised to get married instead of being independent people?"
I got as far as "who teaches religious education". Nuff said. 
She probably thinks this is a documentary - 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LS37SNYjg8w
These damned kids with their learnin!
The internet imparts neither knowledge or wisdom, only information.  Knowledge is gained through thorough understanding of information; wisdom, through the application of that knowledge. 
I have never heard a presumably old as dirt human being try to explain "ignorance is bliss" until today.
Right? Next thing you know, they'll be wanting the vote, too. Quite scandalous.
I was going to say that she had to cram her head full of facts to be a teacher, but then I remembered that teaching was one of the few jobs women were allowed to have back in the day...
I thought maybe this would be a teacher encouraging girls to actively learn rather than memorize facts but this is crazy. I'm more of a traditionalist too but I think women can and should go to school and work. Men can't do it alone.

So...she's a teacher but complains that girls get an education instead of getting married!?
&gt;Blanche Girouard, who teaches religious education..... 

Kind of says it all.
That's because facts will ruin every religion.
No surprise she's religious. When will people realize religion sets every nation back. 
Translation: The more they learn the harder it is for us to brainwash them into our backwards antiquated religious control mechanism.
Oh yea, remember the time when girls were retarded?  That was so much better,where is the world heading to?  Retarded Women 2016! #fuckhumanity
HOLY FUCK the article is so much worse than the headline. 

&gt; A private school teacher has complained about how "today's girls aren't going on nature walks or learning poetry off by heart - they're cramming their heads full of facts". 

&gt; Blanche Girouard, who teaches religious education at the £20,000 a year St Paul's Girls' School, also suggested girls were happier when they were simply expected to marry rather than go to university.

&gt; Writing for The Oldie magazine, Ms Girouard praised an era when "everything seemed to be geared towards marriage" and "parents really didn't seem to care" about educating girls.

My wife had to drop out of university for financial reasons...and I wish she had finished. I don't think this teacher realizes how attractive an intellectual equal is these days...
To the teacher referenced in this article. Education is not about happiness or preening you to be a select brood mare for a sugar daddy. Knowledge, education and learning are about earning the tools that allow you to make more decisions about your life. The more you know, the more you get to control where you go in life. The less you know, the more others get to make decisions for and control you. 

And as a teacher, if you haven't figured that out yet, then you are in the wrong business. 

And no- there was NOTHING enviable about the past when women were just expected to earn their MRS degree and pop out children like a PEZ dispenser. **Nothing**. 
&gt; Blanche Girouard, who teaches religious education

Oh.
&gt;Blanche Girouard, who teaches religious education

That's all you need to know. 
Gaston?
Man, there are a handful of well-intentioned thoughts in there, completely drowned by the teacher's dumber remarks.

&gt;going on nature walks and learning poetry off by heart

Art &amp; nature are important to appreciate. This could've been a thoughtful remark if it hadn't been gender-driven.

&gt;It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually want.

Again, were it not gender-driven, this thought would be a great discussion-opener.

&gt;Happiness and success don't turn on A*s and a place at Oxford.

A completely valid statement.
The source appears to be the *Daily Mail*. Move along, folks.
This was funnier when it was Mona Lisa Smile.
Based on title, I expected this to be criticism of the education system's standardization process, not the oppressive patriarchy my own mother loves 
Long story short everyone on Fox News is an idiot Yeah, have to be special to know how to use with a high powered career, she should be able to explain that.
Relevant 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LS37SNYjg8w
*sigh
[Our forefathers warned us of this danger!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LS37SNYjg8w)
knowledge is not understanding
&gt;After bemoaning how girls were "cramming their heads full of facts", she wrote: "It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually want."

While I agree with this sentiment, why is this not how she feels towards boys as well? Would make sense if it was an all-girls school; but either way, if she only feels this way about girls its still backwards thinking.
This is pretty funny but I think someone needs to post the article about how Laquanda McDonald and the Burger King manager were in the news.  That was hysterical. 
If you're talking about England,  doesvthat mean public school?  I need a translation. 
Reading into this I get the feeling like the teacher is onto something, she just shouldn't connect it to gender.

I think his idea is that this completely competetive environment where people put so much emphasis and stress on educational and professional success, leaves society lacking a type of people that used to exist when women weren't expected to pursue these things.

That doesn't seem wrong to me. It just seems wrong to think that the female gender should serve this role. But maybe we would have a better world if this was an option for more people, out of their own will, regardless of gender and origin.

How it would be possible to change society in such a way, or if it is at all possible, is a different question, but the wish for it seems plausible enough.
Well she'd be right in the sense of ignorance being bliss, but that's not how society works anymore. We're too urbanized.
We have a pretty good name for it.
I'm surprised at the impartiality of this article. 
Old teachers have nothing on the Internet. Literally.
Isn't the teacher supposed to cram the girl's head with facts?
Seems somewhat relevant; 

[Youtube](https://youtu.be/LS37SNYjg8w)
As for her role, the article says she's a Religious Education gets a lot of stuff covered in schools, and a million dragons will fly out.
20 quid a year to not learn. Love it!
Wow. 

Yeah lady, every man secretly wants an uneducated partner who can't pay her own bills. I can't wait to financially support another adult for the rest of my life in addition to any children we may have. I heard single income families do really well in this economy. Hopefully I'll end up with a dude and not have this problem. :P 
Every God Damn time! I always think its true and go "what the fuc
I?!" Then I read who its by
How you think is far more important than what you think.
They should use Bloom's

http://www.au.af.mil/au/awc/awcgate/edref/bloom.htm
I had a math teacher in school who said this about young people in general, and he hated it. Here is his reasoning.

Kids these days know their times tables and are able to follow a set of instructions to reach a solution. But while they can do it on paper their knowledge is merely factual. They lack the skills to do anything beyond what is spoon fed to them. 
This is something my ex girlfriend would have said.
Fucking kids these days, they should be on crystal and having babies like when I was young
What I got from this is "Studying is hard, I wish I was a housewife like those I used to see on tv instead". 
Women, know your limits sketch: https://youtu.be/LS37SNYjg8w 
So no, it's not saying that women by and large want to be truly independent.
"A girdle to set you free!"
I'll take the "Independent" is like "The Onion" in the US or "The Beaverton" here in Canada...lol
[Hey! Awesome! 1234 comments... Eh...wait a sec... Oh shit!](http://i.imgur.com/PR1Mhhyh.jpg)
Damn Google on the iPhones! With their facts and whatnot!

*shakes fist*

The Church invented science! Abortion is fatal 90% of the time!


If these girls start knowing shit then i'll have done the job i get paid for....OH THE HUMANITY!
At some point in order for a test that is new to this world.
It's like they took this harry Enfield sketch seriously 


https://youtu.be/LS37SNYjg8w
"It's not right for a woman to read. Soon she gets ideas and thinking..." - Gaston
&amp;gt;"Happiness and success don't turn on A*s and a place at Oxford."

True statement.
Joining up with the church and being forced to be someone's slave the entirety of my favourite classes in high school.
&amp;gt; One mother, who preferred to remain anonymous, told the Daily Mail

She sends her kids to a £20K per year private school. Of course she wants to remain anonymous. There would be a scandal if the other parents found out she reads the Daily Mail.
I guess it's Hard Times for These Times
So...basically this person thinks school makes people miserable and no one should have to deal with it. Except for men. Fuck men. They should just be miserable.
What are they meant to 'cram their heads full' of? Recipes?
Can't fathom a religious education teacher having an outdated view of society.   I went to a public (private) school and was taught by priests and nuns. I'm only 32.
I may not always agree with the current school system, but it's a hell of a lotta times better than back in the day.
Breaking news!  Reporter misquotes teacher in an attempt to drum up controversy and page views.  Tomorrow at 6 who's gay!
Not sure if this is a US thing, but RS (religious studies) is a highly prized qualification in the UK. The courses encompass logic, debating and philosophy, not the typical "today we will learn about Hindu prayer ceremonies", that go on in primary school
They need 2000 books and knowledge!
&gt;  girls were happier when they were simply expected to marry rather than go to university.

And making sammiches!
Some people need to die off so the new information age can do it's thing, change is good. This woman clearly has no business teaching any kids with ideas like that.
I was half expecting this to have something to do with religion. I wasn't disappointed.
ITT: women telling other women to keep their views to themselves. AITT: Irony. Lots of irony.
&gt;Writing for The Oldie magazine, Ms Girouard...

The Facts Of life?
poor girls
Why would a teacher be worried that students memorize facts?

&gt; Blanche Girouard, who teaches religious education 

Of course.

it's a good thing she is christian. if she was muslim we would have to accept this and say it is part of their "culture", and be branded racists if we disagreed with it.
Cramming their heads with way more than THAT
we shouldn't shun an alternative view on life, i for one see what she is saying, she isn't saying we should advocate for all that were the values in past.

Equality and feminisim hasn't really resulted in happier life, i see women daily on train back to ride home from young to old, alone tired lost. It's like seeing a flower wither.

Psychological problems among women have only gone up and so have for men as well. 

My point is freedom is double edge sword, it doesn't suit well everyone, and doesn't always result in betterment as a whole. We shouldn't have been so quick to abandon the family tradition dating back at least 20000+ years so quickly in last 50 years just because we discovered electricity and steel. 
She's right.  Same goes for men.

The more you know the more you know that you don't know shit.
Sexist piece of human trash. 


Next thing you know they'll want to vote and drive cars.
Well, he's sort of right. If you're only driven by academics and school, then you're doing something wrong.
Yeahhhhhh, I think it's time for someone to retire
um.....this is a Female teacher saying this about female students?

Ironic?
Edit: wow some asshole down voted this comment??? Nice to be an ass eh?
My wife got a doctorate and I'm pretty sure she much rather be home with our kids.  Now we both work to pay off our loans.  Money and a career isn't everything and our higher education really doesn't give us a more enriched life.  
Girls heads are being filled with facts? Cool, that means less feminists in the world. 
People are happier having no goals in life other than entertainment and sustenance.

Hedonism, wooo
I really thought this was an onion post at first....
Well, she's both right and wrong.  
In other words, WRONG.  
I'll make my own breakfast, fuck you very much
Yep, they're doing something called "learning" so they don't grow up to be underpaid teachers.
Going to a religious school sounds so weird to me/
this just confirms my belief that kids in private schools learn nothing
I went to this school. While the teacher's argument gets a little off-focus, the 7 years I spent in that kind of learning environment were the most emotionally punishing and miserable years of my life, even though I left with excellent grades (albeit not a place at Oxbridge, sorry mum). While I'm sure there are some girls who thrive in that kind of environment, I can't express how awful I found it and how much I would have welcomed the odd nature walk, ha..!
I'm probably one of only a handful of women on reddit who were raised and schooled that old fashioned way.

I read the literature of various eras and cultures, I memorised poetry, I learned to draw, I studied music and art.  I learned to craft sentences and write essays.  I also learned where all the silverware and glassware was placed, the difference between a marquis an earl and a duke, and how to have a private audience with the pope.

There was no college counselor, no real library for research purposes, no career guidance, and no real textbooks.

Except for the obvious archaicisms, what I learned there, I use every day.   Mostly how to go deep into the feeling of the day, of life, of events and things.  'Behind' me, backing me up, supporting me every day is a knowledge of the history of endeavor.  

The school teacher isn't entirely wrong; there is a lot of value to that sort of education, and aspects of it serve you much better in life than facts.  Something that cannot have a monetary value (in terms of potential earning power ascribed to it) *is* being lost.  And part of that ineffable and unquantifiable value is the knowledge that the slower you move your world, the deeper you can go into life, the more you feel and experience and the more time and space you actually have.  

That way of schooling definitely shouldn't be consigned entirely to the dustbin.  Parts of it should be incorporated into modern education.



The author isn't saying that every girl should CONSIDER, FACTOR IN the fact is that girls are no longer viewed as inherrently less valuable than boys.
*suggested girls were happier when they were simply expected to marry rather than go to university.*

-Dumbass
&gt;Writing for The Oldie magazine, Ms Girouard praised

Thank god it wasn't a guy or he will be forced to resign from his job as a scientist!
I think this is a reasonable opinion.  Poetry and nature walks are better for people than memorizing data to get them into a "good" college.
It is incredibly hypocritical that the women's lib movement pushed so hard for women to be equal and make their own choices and now those same feminists criticize women who choose to be traditional housewives.
 
This woman is only saying that modern girls should know that there is more than one path, and the traditional mom-at-home family is a valid choice too.  Everyone and every family  is different.
Really unpopular opinion here, but I think she is right in most ways except the gender specific ones. I know Feminists have waged a 200 year long war and in the past 100 years this has been the focus, but I think the kinds of jobs they have been fighting for are growing smaller and smaler thanks to automation. We as humanity have eternally been striving towards giving everyone what women have just fought to give up. I don't think that the patriarchy was this intentionally oppressive beast it has been made out to be, I think it was a poorly informed benevolent dictator that occasionally became corrupt. 

Now granted that's a gross oversimplification. There is a lot more that went with it too, like representation, social respect, but let's be honest we have been giving that away too. 
It's not like any of that stuff is gonna help land them a rich husband
There is a difference between critical thinking and cramming your head full of facts. Comes a point where you need those critical thinking skills, and if that takes time out of cramming facts so be it!!

That's what she's really saying!!

They need to spend more time on really thinking, and not as much on memorizing facts they can easily look up. 
""It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually want."

What the hell does that mean?? We should just not make them get jobs or marry or do anything and let them work it out? Girls fought for the "rights" to work hard and now this woman is making it seem like they just don't want to do it now. Well, too late. Both parents have to work now. Shit sucks for both genders now, way to go. Lol
I reckon I'd be happier if all I had to do was marry someone who does the work to keep me alive..
I kinda wish I was an 19th century débutante young woman. Marry a rich person, and spend a life of leisure. Never expected to work. She's right, that would be easier.

EDIT: Apparently it wasn't obvious I was joking. No I don't think it's cool for women to be considered essentially baby making machines for their husbands.
I think I would be more happy on average with just marrying a woman that could take care of me, than dealing with the constant pressure of competing in grad school and at work (especially when I have had to do this at the same time). Unfortunately (or fortunately depending on how you look at it), I have been blessed/cursed with the burden of my value to this world being derived from my ability to think and work rather. While I may have less anxiety and feel less emotional pain as a house husband, I don't think I would trade the feeling of accomplishment and self-confidence I get from the failures and successes I get being a professional and an academic. 

EDIT*
I am a man
&gt;It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually want.

At least this old fashioned teacher is willing to step back, provide some breathing room for individuals to do their own contemplation, and potentially be disproven. Not so with the Feminists who perpetuate harmful myths in their effort to force an ideologically desirable quota of round female pegs into STEM holes.
[deleted]
This is true of many kids these days. They just memorize names and numbers, they don't do actual thinking. It's a problem with the education industry.
I didn't understand shit of the article. Here is what I've read:

A private school teacher has complained about how "today's girls aren't going on nature walks or learning poetry off by heart - they're cramming their heads full of facts". 

Blanche Girouard, who teaches religious education at the £20,000 a year St Paul's Girls' School, also suggested girls were happier when they were simply expected to marry rather than go to university.

Writing for The Oldie magazine, Ms Girouard praised an era when "everything seemed to be geared towards marriage" and "parents really didn't seem to care" about educating girls.

Although she later acknowledges "it seems heinous that parents had such limited ambition for their bright daughters," she adds: "And yet there are aspects of that era that are enviable."

Parents who had daughters at the school strongly disagreed with the teacher's comments.

After bemoaning how girls were "cramming their heads full of facts", she wrote: "It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually want.

"Happiness and success don't turn on A*s and a place at Oxford."


I see suggestion, I see full of facts coming from a teacher teaching religion, I see everything seemed to be geared towards marriage without anything suggesting something else. I also see limited ambition without any kind of alternatives mentioned in the text. 

All of this, this is what I call bullshit in the press today. And you vote it to 910 at this time. As if you understand anything from it. Ok, go on, get married.
Despicable reporting.  Sounds like she's a fan of Charlotte Mason style education, which is orders of magnitude better than the facist way kids are 'educated' in our public system.
He sounds upset, clearly he should have stuck to nature walks and poetry rather than going to university to become a teacher.
&gt;teaches religious education

Bazinga!
&gt;"It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually want.

How about we extend this to boys as well? I agree that our school system puts too much pressure on students, but I don't see how it's limited to girls. I think it's still better to have equality than a world "geared towards marriage". That's not in conflict with improving the education system and allowing kids to be kids.
Sounds like this woman may want to look for a teaching position in the UAE, or maybe Afghanistan.  
http://www.nber.org/papers/w14969

Summary: as feminism gains steam, women become less happy.

Don't be so quick to slur people who you don't immediately agree with   
"Blanche Girouard, who teaches religious education at the £20,000 a year St Paul's Girls' School, also suggested girls were happier when they were simply expected to marry rather than go to university."

There's actual evidence supporting this.
Anyone else think that the whole point of this article was simply too slam private schools?

I really don't see how any of this is even remotely newsworthy unless you were coming from that point of view and trying to propagate that agenda.

With this is the best they can do public schools are in serious trouble
Every single comment has "score hidden". Is a group downvoting every single comment here? What's going on? 
They've done studies that show women's overall happiness and satisfaction with life in the western world has been dropping.

Women are not happy competing with men. They don't like long hours or the pressure of negotiation or being the breadwinner. Sorry feminists.
20 years ago this would lead to a healthy debate and everyone would move on. Now she's a terrible person who needs to be fired and move to a cave. 
This mentally could secure her a spot on The View.
From reading the article, it's clear that quote is taken WAY out of context. This article doesn't belong in this subreddit. What the teacher said was that "It's time we backed off and gave today's girls the time and space to work out what they actually want."   

She also said that "It seems heinous that parents had such limited ambition for their bright daughters" in the era when they were simply expected to marry rather than go to university.   

She's absolutely right- memorizing facts is a shitty substitute for education. Her point is that when girls were expected to marry, they had time to think about things philosophically. Both eras have equally shitty problems.   

A good education teaches young people *how* to think, *and* gives them options for careers.
I am probably not going to get super many up votes for this, and I know the article is about younger girls in elementary school, but I find some truth in the article! Not that girls shouldn't get educations, of course they should, but that the focus on education as an means to a happy life is a lie, and this goes for both men and women. I think that women especially have been so caught up in the fight for equality that the point of education has been lost. So many girls who, for the majority, focus on humanities end up in underemployed positions or completely unemployed, and that is really bitter.

Myself, I did really poorly in elementary and high school and a lot of girls did really well, but it all changed when I got to college. I think that it was because we didn't just have repeat back to the teacher what we had "learned", which I notoriously hated because I hadn't chosen to be there or what to learn. In college however we had to use our knowledge and demonstrating a deeper understanding of concepts, and I think that a lot of girls fell into the habit of just repeating back whatever the teacher said. In my time in college I hardly toke any notes compared to the girls in my class. They would type away on their laptops like there was no tomorrow and scribble on their notepad and highlight a whole page in a textbook, facts facts facts and little relationships between facts or applied knowledge. It was like they was unable to see the forest for all the trees. And when exams came around, they would freak out because they were sure they had forgotten some important fact, and would show up to the exam with a huge stack of loose papers, books and binders like a mad professor.

Generally, I think girls need to chill about education, because even if you get admitted to your first choice, even if you do good in school, even if you land a dream job, still it is not guaranteed the dream will last, or maybe it is not the dream you wanted after all, or you just end up in completely different corner of the world, and that is very unfortunate when you have set you mind on something very different.

It is as if girls and education are like bridezillas and wedding.

Take it easy, enjoy the subject, internalize it. That is my recipe for an education. I might not have all the facts, but I know where I can find them.
&gt;"Happiness and success don't turn on A*s and a place at Oxford."

A* is a very nice algorithm, though. Sure there are some improved versions, but when it's considered the basic starting point for pathfinding that should be considered pretty successful.
After reading the article, I'm inclined to feel that this was more poorly worded than totally backwards/Wong/insensitive. I totally thought that the article was just her bombing out with her point, but that last sentence about personal choice actually makes some sense.
To be fair, in a world of search engines and connected servers, rote memorization is pretty fucking useless (sorry India).  It makes much more sense to learn how to learn and utilize creativity in order to do something, and really, figure out what we want out of life.
Look, if they've insisted on misspelling the word 'clan' for 150 years, they should have at least called it 'Klan Kountry'
When the Klan won their court case allowing them to Adopt-a-Highway in Missouri, the legislators just renamed that stretch of road, "Rosa Parks Highway."

Credit where credit is due, that was a fantastic idea.

Edit: [Source](http://www.snopes.com/inboxer/outrage/rosapark.asp)
The KKK has been tricked into doing useful community service. Shhh... nobody tell them.
I like how they're waving to all the passers by. Good ol' Southern Hospitality right there. 
Joke's on them — the highway's black.
As a German this is the worst triple sieg-heil salute I have ever seen.
Dan P called it.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xsH7BA9QWss 
We can't stop here, this is klan country
This is one reason I really respect the ACLU's commitment to "I might not agree with what you say, but I'll fight for your right to say it." Popular speech never needs defending. It's the battles over unpopular speech that determine everyone's personal liberties.
Well, it's legal and they can do it.  It would be amusing to watch them busting their asses to fix a road.
So let them have a sign on the newly rechristened Malcolm X road. 
Wasn't the KKK's stretch was the most littered spot on the freeway the last time they did that? 
They've adopted a highway before and had it taken away because they didn't do anything to maintain it.
Someone has probably already beaten me to this one; MU330 has a 43sec response to this type of thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsH7BA9QWss
I love that sign in the background touting "friendly people"... With three proud and smiling members of the kkk in front of it. 
Have we learned nothing from westboro baptist?  Ignore them. Let them have their dumb sign.  Let them have their stupid meetings.  They become tremendously more empowered when you engage them and print news stories about what they're trying to do. 
What exactly do the KKK stand for nowadays?
It's like in CO Springs (at least it used to be), where the stretch of highway that Focus on the Family exited on was adopted by some LGBT community.  
There are so many things wrong with the comment section below the article
That's not far from my house.
As much as I think the Klan are Kumpleet Kunts, I have to say that I agree with the ACLU.  Good or bad, free speech needs protection.  The Klan deserves theirs as American citizens.  That doesn't mean they aren't sick assholes and I hate almost everything they stand for, though.
[deleted]
 Ironically, if Nazi did win, many of them would be euthanized for having too low of an IQ.
The ACLU is defending the KKK's civil rights here. That should tell everyone that Georgia is acting illegally.

Every day for a few years, I drove across the "Lester and Virginia Maddox Bridge" over the Chattahoochee River, between Fulton and Cobb counties. Most persons I worked with had no interest in it; they either didn't know who he was or didn't know about the ax handle.

It doesn't really matter. Let the KKK sponsor the road. The same ignorance which breeds racism is the same ignorance which turns "racist symbols" into "Who?"

Edit: KKK is sponsoring a road, not a bridge.
Ugh. Fuck them.  But I also can't see why they should be excluded.  
Hey! My hometown finally made it on to reddit! 
LPT: Name any road or highway adopted by the KKK to Martin Luther King or Malcolm X
Saw this article thinking "please don't be Blairsville"... 
I don't see the big deal. They want to adopt a stretch of highway that comes with the burden of keeping it clean. If they want to do it, let them.

People seem to forget that our freedoms go both ways. Just because you don't agree with something it should be banished. If they aren't being violent let them do it. 
So isn't this some Huckleberry Finn level shit? Like, we as a society have collectively tricked the KKK into picking up litter on the side of roadways?
Wait, I live 20 minutes from Blairsville. What the fuck. 
And why do we even have an "Adopt-a-Highway" program?  What is its purpose?

Oh yeah... right.  Another round-about tax-cut for people who don't want to pay for the full cost of their roads.  Coincidentally, this is often the same political demographic that is constantly shouting for more "free-market" reforms in everything from civil service to retirement planning.

"Adopt-a-Highway" is a (not really) clever way to get free labor for basic, low-skill road maintenance, without actually paying anyone to do it.  It is a roads subsidy for drivers, cleverly disguised and repackaged as "community service."  Hell, if you can get youth organizations (Scouts, etc) to do it, it is even a socially acceptable way to effectively launder child labor to make driving cheaper for grown-ups.  Free labor introduced into a system, where that labor performs a needed service, cannot help but lower the costs for others in that same system.

Dump the program, embrace the "market" and pay the full cost of the roads, including the low-skill basic cleaning operations.  You want free?  This is what free looks like.  Beggars don't get to be choosers.  Don't demand free services and then bitch about who ends up performing those services.
This is one of those, "I might hate you, but I will fight for your rights" moments
muh heritage
And a nudist resort adopted most of the roads around my grandmothers house. I could care less who cleans the side of the road and gives the state money.
It's about time. Geez
This happened in Missouri years ago.  The sign was cut down and left by the side of the road the day it was posted. The news report the next day was hilarious. "Luckily the sign was only cut down and left. MODOT says if the sign had been taken it would take WEEKS to be put back up." wink wink nudge nudge* keeping that sign up was a constant battle after that. 
Why not "Klan Kountry"?
That is literally a joke in American Dad.
They've done this before.  Everyone just chucked trash out their window to make the clan pick up garbage.  It wasn't renewed.
The Ideal scenario here would be to let them have the area then everyone litter like crazy targeting them as they clean with cups full of pizz and bags of shit. They also have a civil rights leader defending them which just creates a scenario that lets MLK's message shine through, how can you hate someone that stands by your rights in America
[Seeing the guy on the left...^pirates are fun!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uK-kWRAVmRU)
I thought this happen before.  They fought for the right to better the community by the "adopt a highway" program and the strech of highway assigned to them was renamed the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Highway? If I recall correctly... 
Wasn't the KKK's stretch was the most littered spot on the freeway the last time they did that? 
Adopting a highway doesnt give them any legal authority.

It just means they have to keep it clean and can put a toll on the route if they like.
Isn't the KKK listed as a Terrorist organization federally?.... So, this shouldn't be an issue
I think the news here is that ACLU is actually fighting for KKK's right to do this.

Edit: Did I say it was wrong for the ACLU to do this? Come on, I was just pointing out the fairness of the ACLU.
Oh god American Dad is predicting the future
They should've prohibited political organizations when they made the program
I always hate it when people write news stories like this and say that the ACLU defending the right of the Klan (or whoever) to be assholes is "surprising".  No, it isn't.  The ACLU is about defending the rights of everyone, including people deeply and personally repugnant to them.  Christian or atheist, decent human being or Klansman, the ACLU is there to defend the rights of all Americans, not just the ones they (or their donors) like.

That said, I'm also 100% in favor of giving the Klan an adopt-a-highway highway to clean up.  I need a place to throw away all by broken glass, dirty diapers, rotting meat, and so forth.
Make a sign, possibly make it point slightly off to the side, and rename the street.

When they stop cleaning it, you take it all away.
When are these fuckwits going to die off?
&gt; Georgia cites public safety concerns and said the program is aimed at “civic-minded organizations” – not hate groups. 

For the record, this is a textbook example of [viewpoint discrimination](http://uscivilliberties.org/themes/4667-viewpoint-discrimination-in-free-speech-cases.html), which is one of the most blatant violations of the first amendment. 
I'm pretty fond of this one Let them have their stupid meetings.
Reminds me of this song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsH7BA9QWss
https://youtu.be/xsH7BA9QWss

This should be relevant.
Adopt-a- what now?
They try this all the time, but they never succeed
This is not the first time the KKK has tried to adopt-a-highway
that's the wrong arm you fucks.
Traveled through Georgia in the late 60s, got to see highway billboards advertising the klan. They even had a picture of the grand gizzard. The times they are a changing.
This is actually a pretty clever idea tbh. 
Just call it the Rosa Parkway
Did I totally misread this article, or is the ACLU actually defending the KKK? How is public policy regarding naming a stretch of highway in any way a civil liberties issue?
Suburbia is so bored that they pretend the KKK really exists in 2015. 
[deleted]
The kkk just doesn't bother me anymore because I know there are so little of them and so man of us. 
Klan Country is still not as bad as Bro Country. 
Look, we can let them clean up litter along the highway all the time, including when they're free citizens, or only half the time when they're in orange jumpsuits. 
Interviewing a shirtless man with his arm around his girl (also nearly shirtless) at 0:55 is almost as Georgia as the actual story. 
It's better to know where they are than to not know.  Advertise it, so I can see it a mile away and take my money with me.
[deleted]
I hope KKK and ISIS just run into each other and cancel each one out.
now i know where i can dump that pesky extremely toxic waste.

Thanks for the insight, Austin.
/r/noshitsherlock
Simple fix: Remove Adopt a road recognition for all groups. Then the KKK can adopt a road and no one knows
And they've magically resurrected themselves and become "active" after decades of dormancy?
A Fallout Country they will be.
http://imgur.com/nBzK85h
There are to many problems in the real world for this to get such coverage. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsH7BA9QWss
they are still at this??? lol. This story pops up every year or so. 
Some one with some money in Georgia just needs to buy the whole highway in that are out from under them. 
It always sucks to see such a beautiful state that's filled to the brim with wonderful folks being dragged down by a handful of ignorant assholes. Now I'm not an advocate for littering. In fact I'm a stout supporter of keeping Georgia peachy clean. But, if they win I'll make sure to save up cups, receipts, and straw wrappers for that particular stretch of road. Yeah. That ought to teach'em.
This kind of makes me feel bad for being a georgia resident
They would give one to blacklivesmatter
you know what they say about the KKK:

bless their hearts.
Please listen to kkk highway by Dan. P-something ! So descriptive I know
After reading the title I thought this was r/HistoryPorn
If the state is so worried about it, why not just exempt that stretch of highway from the program?
Read it too fast. I read it as Kahn Country. 
Relevant story- [German Townsfolk turn neo-Nazi march into anti-Nazi fundraiser with participants knowing until the end!](http://www.haaretz.com/jewish/news/1.626991) 

[Daily Mail link to same event](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2839870/Neo-Nazi-march-hijacked-locals-turn-fund-raiser-anti-fascist-groups-without-knowing-raise-10-000-euros.html) Sorry can't find a better one, but you get the idea- it was a brilliant move! 
Krusty Komedy Klassic
Wow, this is an amazing story
From Georgia.  Can confirm, these guys are not helping.
Here in Colorado, weed stores are doing the same thing.
are they at least kleaning the road?
Damn just let these crazies clean the highway
Ho Humm slow news day again.
[First thing that popped into my head.]
(https://youtu.be/xsH7BA9QWss)
Klan Kuntry
MU330's [KKK Hiway](http://youtu.be/xsH7BA9QWss) has never been more relevant.  
I'm late but my best friend's dad defended them when they wanted ok me in Missouri. He's Jewish and won. It later got taken away because they didn't clean it. 
http://e.lvme.me/5f7waqp.jpg
I like how the article expresses surprise over the fact the ACLU is representing this group in Court. The ACLU has a fairly long history of defending and representing the Klan and other groups over their 1st Amendment rights. That's because they are the American Civil Liberties Union, not an anti-hate organization. 

Thanks Obama.
/r/simpsonsdidit
Why not "Klan Kountry"?
The KKK has been tricked into doing useful community service. Shhh... nobody tell them.
Krispy Kreme Kids
Well it's up in Blairsville and that's Deliverance territory already.  
Are there any Redditors who live in a heavy Klan area? What's it like? Do you see or hear things or is it pretty underground? I see plenty of racism daily, it's just "racism lite," mostly unintentional  by people who just have zero experience with non-white humans. I wonder what it's like to be around more intentional racism regularly.
It would be funny if ISIS started adopting highways.
Wish it was the first time 
How is the KKK *not* treated like every other terrorist group?  Because they're homegrown?
Can confirm that no one likes them and the whole town is full of hic klansmen.
Look, if they've insisted on misspelling the word 'clan' for 150 years, they should have at least called it 'Klan Kountry'
Question; when they volunteer to clean the highway will they wear the regular high vis vest or go full regalia with high vis vest, white hood and their trash bags?
I dislike the Klan in its entirety, but my favorite to see is that they have started naming the highways after Civil Rights leaders, so the Klan has to pick up trash on "Rosa Parks Highway" or Martin Luther King Highway 
:)  
Does this form of rabble rousing really have to continue?  Everyone knows the KKK still exists.  Everyone is aware of their narrowminded bullshit beliefs.  Are we really pissed off that they're going to pick up garbage with their angry hate filled hands?  Are drivers of that particular stretch of highway going to be so emotionally distraught at seeing a sign with the KKK written on it, that they're not going to be able to pass through that 1 mile stretch without the help of Prozac?  The assertion that because they're allowed to pick up trash along a 1 mile stretch of highway means that Georgia promotes the beliefs of the KKK is laughable at best.   What a silly argument.  And a waste of tax funded legal teams to fight it.
Isn't all this pride on maintaining their inbred hick loser community so beautiful?
I mean if the NAACP is allowed to do something I don't see how the KKK shouldn't be allowed to as well. 
This kind of irks me..
Black lives matter take note, this is how to change your community positively. 
The KKK isn't that bad, they waved at me! Am I right guys?....GUYS?!!!
&gt;“Erecting an [Adopt-A-Highway] Program sign with the KKK’s name on it would have the effect of erecting a sign announcing that ‘the State of Georgia has declared this area Klan Country,’"

So I suppose, thanks to my closest highway, my area is Joe's Computer Repair Country
KKK, Klan Klown Kountry!
I say let them have it and then throw all your garbage on that road.
Looks like I'm moving to Georgia....
Actually, it's about ethics in street cleaning.
Well, I know which highway I'm gonna be littering on
Well if Blacks, Catholics and Jews littered that stretch of highway a ton, it would be racial and religous freedom, right?
the KKK have been doing this for years, nothing new. 
So cute how this problem terrorist group just has access to "adopt" roads and things. Not like white supremacist groups aren't the #1 terrorist group in America when it comes to deaths. But carry on. Ugh. 
God these people are still doing this in 2015? Just invent a time machine go back get old school ice-t and send him to take em out.
If i lived in that area i would throw trash out the window as they clean and shout pick that up you idiot! Just like in family guy
Let's buy a bunch of confederate flags and throw them out on that road. Make sure to use them as napkins and ass wipe first.
&gt;“Erecting an [Adopt-A-Highway] Program sign with the KKK’s name on it would have the effect of erecting a sign announcing that ‘the State of Georgia has declared this area Klan Country,’”

This is exactly what its doing. 

The ACLU is wrong here (in my personal opinion). Hate groups shouldn't get these kinds of protections (again, personal opinion). That being said if they are allowed to adopt it they need to do what was done in others states and name it after a black hero (such as Harriet Tubman highway or something). 

EDIT: ITT: People who can't read. Before commenting and crying about me being wrong read the original post where TWICE I explicitly posted "in my personal opinion" to avoid the KKK supporters and the people crying "its free speech!".
Just name all the highways after black civil rights leaders.
They should use the proceeds in a way that counters KKK's goals, like a black history marathon on the local access channel.
Thank the Lord I'm no longer from Georgia 
If i lived in that same system.
/r/americandadwasright
I like how those 3 are the prime examples of the arian race that they are trying so badly to defend.

Top notch.
If the KKK keep pushing there luck, a racist group, specifically for white people, are going to form that will consist of all sorts of races. With armies come conflict and I truly believe that just might happen if they become more of an issue.
Bunch of hateful people that if they did a dna analysis none of them would be pure white as they say they are. 
That republican base is just so clever
Let see if property values rise or fall...
It scares me to think of all the people on this earth without souls.


So if racist douchebags want to clean up a highway and do good we'd want to block them doing something good?

Why?

Give them 5 stretches of highway and complain to them when they're full of junk. I can't see how keeping these dopes occupied with good work is a bad thing. 
This happened in some jurisdiction.  They ended up having to allow the KKK to clean up that portion of the highway, but they took down all the signs saying "this portion cleaned by *foo*" so no one knew who cleaned what.  Worked like a charm, no advertisement for the KKK.
If they somehow manage to win this I will literally drive to that stretch of highway and take a dump right in front of their sign every day until I die. I live in Georgia and seeing stuff like this really rustles my jimmies.
They should have a mixer with ISIS. 
Group = illegal? Don't let them do it + arrest the members. 

Group &lt;&gt; illegal? They should be able to do it, whether it is tasteful or not. 

What if a local strip bar wanted to do it? Can it be stopped because some people might not want a sign saying "brought to you by Swinging Titties"? While the klan and a strip club ARE different, if the group can legally operate then it would be wrong to stop them just because they are idiots. 
In some parts of the south, it may be the only non-profit, non church with enough money to participate in that program. 
God damn those social-security sucking, useless parasites of society. 

Yep, we really should just cut all the redneck states out of the US. 
This is a sign that your state is really fucked up
I love how liberals care about groups like the KKK that haven't been relevant in about 40 years but want you to think that climate change is more dangerous to your safety than radical Muslims.
Well, this title is misleading and also why do people have a problem with them cleaning the highway? Even though their cause it wrong and pointless it is still perfectly legal for them to exist as long as they don't brake the law. 
The sad fact about this story is that these inbred rednecks are still allowed to spill their venom.


The U.S. should be so proud.  :(

Peter Griffin: My second piece of advice, have as many kids as you can, 'cuz that makes it more likely that one of those kids'll grow up and make it big in Hollywood. Then who's payin' the bills huh? Hollywood Kid. Class dismissed.
This guy probably can't even pull out of his driveway. 
&gt;He's also known by his hip hop name, "Money G Allstar Mack,"

Maybe it should be No Money G 
Anyone else curious what kind of rap "Money G Allstar Mack" (actually "Monnie G Da ALLSTAR MACK") does? I was. 

[Do it for Daddy.](https://www.reverbnation.com/monniegdavilian)
SIR, PUT THE PENIS DOWN AND STEP AWAY FROM IT.
You know, a big pack of condoms is like 20 bucks. Expensive, yes, but well worth the primary investment in the long run.
&gt;He faces a possible 3 1/2 years in prison for each of the 17 counts.

Ah, yes, the age old solution to not paying child support. Putting the man in jail, where he can't pay child support.

Brilliant.
He does look after his kids outside of official channels , he just doesn't pay the money in the court approved way.

if you read the article you will see all of his kids regularly visit him and he takes care of them financially and is an actual father to them as well.
I hope he's not in charge of pulling the turkey out of the oven this Thanksgiving.
According to Richard Dawkins the most successful male in any species is the one who can spread his genes the farthest with the least expenditure of his own resources. By that criteria this guy is one of the most successful males of our species.

Condom companies hate him!
I don't understand people in this thread, everyone is defending him because the article interviewed 1 of the mom's who said he's a good dad.  Come on! Really?! Convicted murders can find at least 1 character witness when they go on trial to attest that they are 'a good guy.'  This is a very biased article with no real facts.

I'm not saying send him to jail, honestly it's probably better if he stays out and does what he can to support them.  But what do the other mom's have to say? What does he do for a living? How often does he actually spend time with the kids?  How would reddit feel if baby momma #4 said he's abusive and never sees child #13 and 15.  But mommas #1 and 2 love him, while Momma 3 refuses to have any contact or let her kids see him.  I get frustrated at articles like this that are basically click bait and deliver no real information.  If I want horrible one sided reporting I turn on Fox news.

In my opinion, there's no way a guy with 17 kids and multiple moms can be a good dad to ALL.  Maybe to a few.
It should be illegal to have 17 kids. 
Oh he's not such a bad dad. Look at the bright side, aleast it isn't 35 kids.
Of course he's not paying child support for his kids. We are. 
I'm a bleeding heart liberal, but perhaps somewhere along the line one of these 11 mothers would have protected themselves from becoming impregnated by this loser if they didn't believe that the government would just help them out because they got knocked up. There's no personal accountability with some people. 
Idiocracy is becoming a  real thing.  Intellectuals are holding off from having kids while someone like this has 17?  
The path to idiocracy 
I remember working a temp job and worked alongside this girl whose deadbeat baby daddy (who also had several other kids) wasn't paying child support but was 'supporting his baby in other ways' -- i.e. drug dealing or theft, and giving that money to the baby mama.  Somehow in her mind it was okay that he was breaking the law if he was giving the proceeds (or a portion of them) to her for 'child support'.  I think this is a more common mentality than we think.
Neuter him and send him to Alaska.
The state of WI doesn't want to pay for his children's Medicaid, so instead it wants to support this man fully to the tune $38,000 per year.....and pay for his children's Medicaid. 

Dose anyone think that the children, the mothers, or the state of WI will be better off for this mans incarceration?
Fucking give this guy a vasectomy! C'mon!! 
I like my cigar, but I take it out of my mouth every once in a while.
Condoms are free at the health department... They don't feel that bad. 17 kids. How?
PULL OUT GAME ATROCIOUS
I can't help but reserve some disdain for the women who willingly birthed and raised this man's kids. Obviously he's not going to be marry you and spend his life committed to your family. But who cares have the 17 kids anyway with no way to support them. They'll be thankful someone brought them into the world right? Selfish people make me sick. 
The 2015 top candidate for chemical castration, right here folks. 
This ass doesn't mind being a burden on society and obviously his Pull-Out game is weak, so remove his ability to continue to shit out kids. 
As far as Jail goes, this moron needs to be in jail. He's not supporting shit, so it's not like there will be a lose, other than child 18 will have to wait a few years to be fathered by this garbage. 

There is a reflection here on the child support system that I find interesting.  This man has 17 children so he obviously lacks a certain amount of responsibility but his case shines a light on more run of the mill child support cases and how most state governments handle these issues.  Now I'm about to get to the crux of my statement.

I have two biological children.  Their mother and I divorced 12 years ago and one daughter is in college, the other in high school.  I've always paid child support (it is measured on a sliding scale system.  my ex quit her job about 7 years ago when her and her new husband had a child so she is only credited with making minimum wage).  My child support is garnished from my check ($1800.00 a month).  The garnishment has nothing to do with me not paying.  Our state has a law to where the recipient can request garnishment at any time.  She did it almost immediately after our divorce because she "thinks it's funny".  Why is it funny?  I'm the one who cuts the checks for my employer and she's aware of this.  In addition to child support, I'm also required to pay 50% of all expenses that she can provide receipts for.  This isn't weird expenses.  I'm talking school lunches, socks, and over the counter medicine.  She takes the child support and that which she can provide receipts for, I have to reimburse.

Yes, she is getting double child support in effect.  Yes, we've gone to court.  I refused to pay 43.64 cents that she had double billed me for.  I thought I was making a stand.  Instead, I now have a suspended 30 day jail sentence for contempt of court (I was the judge's first civil case.  He moved from a long sting on the criminal bench and was known as "the bowtie killer.  He told my ex-wife in front of the court before the proceedings started that men who didn't pay c/s were as bad as drug dealers.  I knew at this point I should've paid the 43 bucks and change).

Now, I love love love my kids.  They're the only kids I have and I'm involved deeply in their lives and always have been.  I'm proud to pay child support actually.  My girls don't have to rely on another man or the state to support them.  I never complained about the amount although it seems high.  I complained about having to double pay to a woman that tells my kids that they should be so glad they have their step dad or various horrible things would occur.  And I take some solace in the fact that I can look at myself in the mirror without shame.

My point is that there should never be a one-size fits all approach to child support and criminalizing it should be reserved to extreme cases (yes 17 kids is quite extreme). 
"The reality is they're here. They exist now. They apparently are taken care of because none of them are in the system in foster care," said Freda Curry, Armond Curry's mother.

They **are** "in the system." They are on welfare. The taxpayers are supporting Armond Curry's children.
Oh yes he is! He also, obviously, never learned to keep it in his pants, use a condom or get a vasectomy. Selfish piece of shit dickwad.
Why is it always pieces of shit that have too many got damn kids?
His hop hop name is incredibly stupid and without having ever heard his songs I can tell you that they're all complete and total garbage. 
Can we just cut the testicles off people like this
This piece of shit should have been wrangled and neutered after the 3rd one. People like this are complete detriment to society. Muuuh diiick.

Fuck him and all others like him. 17 kids, probably 17 different mothers, thank you for fucking up our society. 
He just took the typical black father route. The black community accepts this as normal and same with black on black crime.
Sadly I see this a lot in the black community. A lot of mother's are just happy that the father will spend time with his kids. And a lot of fathers feel that the mother can just get on the "system", for financial support.
White racism must have lead him to this. 
Why can't we have a serious discussion about forced sterilization? Why should society be forced to pay for this man's irresponsibilities? You shouldn't fucking be allowed to have 17 kids and not be able to take care of them. Fuck, you shouldn't be allowed to have 3 if you can't take care of them.
He has enough children, it's time for a vasectomy.  
All I am thinking of when I read this is eugenics.
That headline was right.  He wasn't a father at all.
17 kids? But a fucking condom on!
Holy stereotypes, Batman! Way to perpetuate generalizations!
How the hell does one even pay child support for 17 kids?
Homie couldn't pull out of a driveway
Say what you will, this guys dick game must be strong, or 17 women in Milwaukee are fucking fools
...I mean... Can anyone on a normal salary afford to pay child support for 17 kids? Not exactly condoning his actions but there is a financial reality here... 
Just FYI the most a person can be forced to pay in chikd support is 50% off their gross income. Even if they are very late. Obviously he is past that point. 
My guess is that if he paid support through the state they would keep it as reimbursement for the welfare etc the children have been getting. 
So he pays what he can in cash to the moms. Otherwise they wouldn't see a dime. 
Not that I agree with any of this at all, just pointing out the legal aspects.
How does one actually pay child support fr 17 kids? Does it scale or something? Like if you make an average salary does each kid get like $20 of support?
When I lived in Milwaukee in the 90s and researched family court cases for a title company, child support was set up as follows:

17% of gross income for each child, up to a maximum of 51% of gross income for all children. 

I don't know if it's the same now, but how much could the mothers be expecting from the legitimately-claimed (not under the table) income of Mr. Aspiring Rapper?

The mothers may claim that the state of Wisconsin doesn't support their children, but I would be surprised if, at the very least, Wisconsin didn't foot the bill for some of the expenses of the 17 kid's births.
He'll be back.  He just went out for some cigarettes.
Its an expensive and brutal cycle that never ends. He does not pay and those 17 new families he created now depend on the government to survive on some level.

He goes to jail and now has to be housed, gets medical and dental and eats 3 square meals a day. This also cost the Government money to keep him there. This is an extreme case of bad decision making.
Honestly even if he makes 50k a year he can only give $50 a week to each kid. That's without eating and without paying taxes. He's not in the nfl, what are they expecting?

Is Wisconsin ok with corporate welfare but when it comes to a few kids 'there's no more room at the inn'?
In some strange way, I kind of admire this guy.  He is literally going to prison because he didn't want to fit a rubber around his junk. The heights of sexual pleasure meant SO much to him, that the threat of possible incarceration was no deterant.  You'd think after the first, I don't know, 5 or 6 bundles of joy popped out, he would have some financial planning, but NO.... this is a man of PRINCIPLE.
this guy is the reason people supported eugenics back in the day
It's a tough situation. I think our government is reasonably obligated to contribute to the well-being of these children. But I also think our government is reasonably obligated to protect society from this situation in the first place by forcing people like this to get vasectomies. It's ridiculous that one person can go around effectively forcing other people to pay for shit decisions.  
   
  We all give up rights when we enter society, and that's why I am forced pay taxes to support this guy's kids. I think another right we ought to give up is the right to have 17 children and not pay for them.
Yes, he is a bad father. Part of caring for your kids is being financially responsible for them, as best as you can. He is not doing that. 
Poster child for mandatory birth control for anyone on public assistance.
Well isn't he a poster child for racial stereotypes.
Yeah hes a piece of shit, sure.
But its not odd to anyone that between 1 and 17 woman didnt give a fuck about birth control? Im going to make a safe bet there was an average count there.

How do so many trashy people find each other so easily
Where's this dude live, Stereotype City, WI ?
17 kids, fucking insane pos
In his defense, I wouldn't pay child support for 17 kids either.
Nobody is blaming the mothers who didn't use birth control and choose to not abort? 
17 kids at 36 years old? Does this guy even realize condoms exist?
He's playing the numbers game: have enough kids and one of them is likely to be able to support you in your old age.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aiyo2K7DvfA 

I think this is somewhat relevant. 
I think we should give a tax credit of 2400 dollars a year to women who are willing to go on long-term birth control. I'm guessing it would be the cheaper, more responsible option. 
This man is the definition of a bad father. Trying to go toe to toe with the Duggar Clan/Cult. 
Money is a really common name in Milwaukee. I used to live there and once met a guy who's State ID listed his name as "Money Love".
"he's not bad at fathering children"  maybe..... 
Street name is Money G, but has no money. Okay.
Mandatory vasectomy for this loser when he gets out of prison.

He defines the word parasite.
im thankful hes at least not white... oh my God... if a black man does this  he is " not a bad father" if a white man does this he is the devil... and what about the women? this society is for dumb dumbs. 

is it not even ok to point out that all 15 of the women who decided to have children with him after he was already being a dead beat on 2, made really bad decisions and should be responsible for their choices.

if I go to Syria and get killed, im an idiot... if i take a rattle snake into my bed room and die, im an idiot... I dont get to be outraged at the snake or the scumbag terrorists... 

obviously if you are a woman...take no responsibility for who you fuck and make babies with... even if they have 16 kids already its not your fault for having another... besides "he is not a bad father."
it gets better,  he faces 3 years in prison times 17.... so tax payers pay for the kids on welfare etc.. and to lock him up.... so really the government is just fucking everyone in Wisconsin too.... everyone gets fucked! good job feminism! Good job police state, you are really fucking the best. Don't let anyone tell you differently.

/facepalm


Sounds like alot of women saying "it's okay im on the pill" 
None of which would be possible without a welfare state. 
His rap name seems like a joke. It's awful.
17 kids? Jesus, this guy couldn't even pull out of his own driveway!
I guess only his sofa pulls out
Correct he not a bad father.  He's a piece of shit, non paying child support, having 17 kids jackass father.
Actually he is the definition of a bad father.
From Milwaukee?!?!?!? I'm super shocked. Such a great city and all...
They need to sterilize guys like this, his kids aren't fatherless because with 17 of them they never had one anyways. He was just dropping sperm in willing receptacles regardless of the outcome.
Seventeen kids and refusing to pay child support?

Um, he sounds like a pretty bad father.
How could any one average american guy pay for 17 children and still support himself? Now he gets put in prison where tax dolalrs now support him and his children continue to get no support and now have no father.
pathetic--what a disgrace
This is why we need a Eugenics program.  That guy should not have been allowed to father ANY kids.
What a dumbass.
"The district attorney heading up the prosecution says many of the children are in public assistance."   I'M SHOCKED!
You can see he gets his values from his loser-mother: "They apparently are taken care of because none of them are in the system in foster care," said Freda Curry, Armond Curry's mother."
Yeah, because they're all on WELFARE!
He could've just dropped $6 on a pack of condoms.
The article only mentions two mothers...even split evenly that's 9 for one and 8 for the other. These women have some deep psychological issues. Not saying it's their fault since I don't know the full story, but normal people in their right mind do not stay constantly pregnant for a decade.
Seemingly every person asked swems to say he supports his family(s) well whether through the official methods or not, and is a good father. Yet the government wants to prevent him from doing this and remove the father feom 17 children for as long as 50 years because they don't think he is doing it right. That is frankly disgusting. 
Well my understanding that in America, paying child support and rent, involves at least 2 jobs. 3 if you want food or electricity. 

Either the stories I've heard are massively exaggerated or they really screw fathers in the USA.
You can't squeeze blood from a rock.
Damm so where does the rest of his money go towards his own bills and groceries?
But is he a bad rapper?
&gt;He's also known by his hip hop name, "Money G Allstar Mack

Haha, somehow I knew he was a hip hop artist.
He's not a bad father.  He's just statistically average.
Mother fucker. 
Having produced 17 kids, sounds like he's good at fathering.
....17 kids?!?!?
Money G Allstar Mack sounds like the rap name of a 13 year old white kid form a burbclave. 
Pull out game weak as HELL!!
I don't know about "father", but clearly he is a hell of a playah!"
How would it even be possible to pay child support on 17 kids?

...
He isn't my main main Orlando Shaw.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk7sDMZAgQ0

(Bonus, I was the news photographer on this story.)
People like this should be castrated.
Kinda makes you wonder how many people are saying "typical black father..."
How the fuck is he supposed to afford 17 child support bills?    

Maybe the women he slept with lied about being on the pill or some bullshit.  

I love how women can get away with abandoning their kids, and not paying child support (like my mother)  where as I'm stuck paying $150.00 a week for the next 15 years to my ex who hasn't worked in 5 years, gets 2 wellfare checks (one hers, one her boyfriends) and all kinds of social assistance, where as I earn 17$ an hour and barely clear enough after tax to pay my rent.  (I walk away with $310 a week) 

And if I don't pay, I go to jail.  A woman on the other hand, gets off scott free.

So basically this guy faces up to FIFTY NINE YEARS IN JAIL, because he slept with a bunch of whores who never heard of birth control.  And on top of all that he makes an effort to be part of his kids life.  But hey, he bought ONE piece of jewelery for him self so CLEARLY he can afford to pay 17 child support payments every week (If we assume 120 per kid, thats $2040.00 a week off his cheque, BEFORE taxes)  

If you're a man, be VERY CAREFUL about having kids.  It can ruin your entire life, even if the kids are a blessing, consider the fact that you will be in financial prison / hell for the next 18 years, and that statistically your baby momma *Will* cheat on you or leave you because she has the power to do so, throw you out, and collect money from you for a long time with no actual obligation to spend it on the children.

/rant 
How is this "Not The Onion"?


That's almost 60 years of he got the full charge. It's like getting the death sentence, they really should put a limit on the max number of years you can get for small crimes like this. 
Who is going to pay for the treatment for the stress-related illnesses that this link causes for the moderators after they have to work an 18 - hour shift? 
Incredible father.  Bad parent.
17 kids shows superior fathering 
This is not his fault.

Each pregnancy carried to term is done so by the choice of a childbearing female.  A lot of women made the decision to carry these pregnancies to term.  If you want to ask why, go and ask them.  I really doubt he was a meaningful participant in those decisions.

Who the father is is good for a laugh, but is largely irrelevant.  Especially in the case of a deadbeat dad.  He's not a taxpayer and matters less than the average citizen, financially.

This is all about the mothers.
Should we really be putting people in jail who cannot afford child support? I don't think so honestly. I'm a single father but I have primary custody of my child and her mom is ordered to pay me child support because I receive certain benefits that require the other parent to pay child support. I hate how she has to be required to pay me money even though me and her aren't together. WHat's worse though is now this father is in jail and he can't be a father to his children. Having 17 kids is very irresponsible but that shouldn't be a crime and not being able to afford it shouldn't be criminal. Seriously how much money moron need to make in order to be able to support 17 kids...Don't think there is enough hours in a week for him to be able to work enough to support all of them adequately. Do I like that he cant afford 17 kids ? No, but do I think he's a criminal for doing it? No.
Oink.

Edit: Oh, I apologise. Pigs don't even have 17. Think it's racial? No, pigs can be any color, and he is one.


LMFAO! I don't blame him. 17 kids?? Was he even aware of having that many? How many mothers were there?? Did any of the hoes even ask for child support or contact him about it? Was it a hit it and quit it situation? Was he very young at the time of fucking and making those babies? I hope it wasn't spread over like 10-15 years, LOL. Post is right, though. You can't say hes not a bad father, you gotta know the situation. FML reddit.
Damn man ever heard of pulling out?
He's not a bad father he's just broke!
Fortunately there is a lot more to being a father than providing monetary support which a lot of people forget. Everyone is always quick to judge others without knowing their situation as jacked up as it may seem. Putting him in jail sure isnt going to get him to pay CS any faster...
[deleted]
To be fair not being able to pay for 17 separate kids doesn't make him a bad father.  He could be a very loving and caring dad.  I don't know anyone who can afford 17 kids when I can barely afford one.
Well how do you expect anyone to pay for 17 kids unless his child support it like 10 bucks a child. I mean it's not always the guys responsiblity. Not saying he is in the right but there always more to these stories, and what does sending someone to jail help in this situation. So once he gets out he still wont be able to pay any child support? Seems like the baby mamas are just trying to spite this dude.
But it's OK to make reality TV about Mormon sister wives. 

Polygamist Mormons live on reservations that get federal support. It seems to me the racist double standard is in effect here. 
White polygamists in rural Utah father 17 children, support them with welfare fraud and child labor and nobody bats an eye. 
This guy fucks. 
&gt; "The state of Wisconsin doesn't have to support other people's children," said Bill Berens, Milwaukee County District Attorney.

This is so shocking to me. Those children are the citizen of the state of Wisconsin, and if anyone else fails to take care of them then it's the state's job to assure that its people are living decently. Man I really do miss my socialist country. 
This is a stereotype and stereotypes are never true.
Black man + child support + lots of kids + news story = racism everywhere 
He has curried favor with wife number two at least.
Debtors prisons were abolished for a reason. Doesn't matter how many kids he had or how much he owed, he should not be in prison over unpaid debts. No one should. 

Fucking morons cheering this shit on. 
[deleted]
Debtor's prison is, of course, illegal in the United States.
Yea, can't blame him on this. 

Unless he's **really** well off, he won't be able to afford paying for 17 kids worth of child support.
"Austin drops back in the pocket, he's got great protection! Dez is open, Dez is wide  - BAH GOD IT'S TRIPLE H WITH A SLEDGE HAMMER! REF, MAKE THE CALL! STOP THE MATCH DAMN IT! THAT SON OF A BITCH TRIPLE H JUST COST THE COWBOYS A SHOT AT THE SUPERBOWL!"
"Stone Cold drops back to pass... BUT WAIT, WHAT'S THIS?  HE'S TAKING OFF HIS JERSEY...my god....no...NO  HE'S WEARING A GIANTS JERSEY!!  HE HAS ON A GIANTS JERSEY UNDERNEATH HIS COWBOYS UNIFORM!  HE'S BEEN ON THE OTHER SIDE THE WHOLE TIME BAH GAWD AH NOOOO THAT TEAM HAS A FAMILY"
"Stone Cold throws and interception....the defender runs it back....and STUNNER!!!! OH MY GOD, JENKINS HAS BEEN BROKEN IN HALF!!!"
They don't need stone cold, they need the guy who would throw him the beers.
We all remember what happened [the last time he tried to play football.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rwtay9w8axo)
Is he throwing footballs or cans of whoopass? 
No, you want someone like Rey Mysterio who can come off the top rope...
&gt;“I think I can line ’em up, throw for about 300, 400 yards. Get Witten open, get Dez working. A lot of underneath routes. Give McFadden the ball a few times. Maybe do a little end-around, fake the reverse pitchout, let me run downfield and Darren can throw me the ball. About 60 yards out, catch it in full stride and boom, spike it over the [darn] goalpost,” he said. **“Y’all saw me catch all those beers all those years, [darn]-near never dropped any of them.”**

This is fucking golden.  I love this man.
[Darn]? Is the Washgington Post seriously censoring the word "damn?"
The other team should get The Rock!
I think Steve's neck would keep this from being a real possibility.
IF YOU WANT THE RATTLE SNAKE AS YOUR NEW QB GIVE ME A "HELL YEA"
Shouldn't he be a wide receiver since he has so much practice catching beer cans? 
Is it 3:16 already?
Christ on a Maserati, Stone Cold Steve Austin is 50 years old.

DAMN I feel old.

The Rock was all America at The U Miami.. Goldberg was a special teamer on the Falcons
GIMMIE A FUCKIN MIC, EVERYBODY WANTS TO KNOW ABOUT THE COWBOYS CHANCES IN THE NFL. NOW THAT STEVE AUSTIN HAS BEEN MADE MODIFIER FOR THE COWBOYS. AND CHANCES ARE THAT HE IS WILL GET THAT FATASS MCJOE. THE COWBOYS HAVE A 33 1/3 CHANCE IN WINNING. NOW IF THE BIG BAD BOOTY DADDY WERE TO JOIN ANY TEAM IN THE LEAGUE HIS TEAM WILL HAVE A 60 1/6 CHANCE TO WIN BECAUSE I WENT TO A HIGHLY EDUCATED UNIVERSITY. UNLIKE MC JOE AND AUSTIN. 
I would actually watch AND root for the cowboys if this happened.
He should grow some dreads and come back as stoner cold
 I'd rather have the guy who's in charge of throwing cans of Coors Light at Stone Cold.  His aim is always on.
OH. HELL. YEAHHHH.
I bet the XFL would actually be pretty popular today
What...what...what...
[Here's the video](https://youtu.be/KvfZ0dNGcTw?t=30s)
"Betcha I could throw a pigskin o'er them mountains." 
They should get the guy that threw beers at Austin to be the QB of the Cowboys, I swear that dude could fling a Steveweiser everywhere it needed to be.
Out of no where John cena with the sack. We couldn't even see him. BEH BENNEH BAAHHH
OH HELL YEAHUH
He's already used to pre-determined outcomes in professional sports so he's a shoe-in.
Stone cold drops back, surveys the field, no receiver is open....RKO OUT OF NOWHERE!!!!!
Uh oh, he's calling an audible. 

What? What? What? Hut!
thread brining the lulz like it's '98
Didn't he really mess up his knee or was that just part of the show?
WHAT?

WHAT?
"In other news, Texans are torn over choosing between having a total badass pounding a beer while playing professional football or their Cowboys winning."
this is to distract america from the fact that the cowboys are literally the most morally bankrupt franchise in football

I don't like football and I don't like wrestling, but I would watch this.  He's onto something.
How can he be the Cowboys quarterback and the Falcons head coach at the same time?
Kurt Angle should do the same for the Steelers next time Ben is injured.
I love my Dad! 
Maybe Philly should hire John Cena.
The cowboys could continue their streak of condoning domestic violence.
How does he have time to do that when he's supposed to be on the Falcons sideline every Sunday?
And that's the first down line cause Stone Cold said so!!!
How can he be the Cowboys quarterback and the Falcons head coach at the same time?
Steve cold stone austin
I don't care if they spectacularly lose every game, they should do this. 
[He would fit right in with the Cowboys this year](http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/crime/stone-cold-steve-austin-roughs-girlfriend)
It's going to be a run play, every play.
This would actually make me watch football.
Just waiting for Stone Cold to solo the entire game, delivering Stunners to the entire opposing team.
Send him to San Francisco
What?
[Oh no not this again...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wb26NvZeCK4&amp;noredirect=1)
As much as I would love to see him throw a Stone Cold Stunner on Tom Brady, I think we all know that Steve has had too many Spinal surgeries to really consider this...

Like, if he was in good shape for crazy shit like that, he would replace Seth Rollins.   
I have a feeling Paxton Lynch will be QB'ing for the 'Boys next year and not Romo.
Should get the dude that throws his beers to QB, that guy has some accuracy. 
Hut.. hut hut WHAT!
Stone cold drops back...  no one's open. He's running! He's broke through a defender. BAH GAWD! He's stomping  mud hole in him! He's beating him like a government mule! This kid is tougher than a $2 steak!
They already have enough woman beaters. Might as well add another. 
Free upvotes to whoever creates agood stone cold in madden.
Fuck that,  get the dude that always throws the beers. That dude is always on point.
Isn't he to busy not beating his wife as per the WWE gag order? /s/
Does the N word offend you...
He's 50.
RANDY ORTON OUT OF NOWHERE!
I think beating his wife has gone to his head if he thinks he can hang with guys bigger than him now, and half his age in a full contact sport.
DEZ BRYANT JUMPS 15... 20 FEET INTO THE AIR!

I'd only watch if Lawler and Ross did the play by play
What
Ha! My first round pick in my local fantasy league is not looking so silly is it now, guys?
Fans yelling "WHAT", made me stop watching wrestling. If he played in the NFL, would probably make me stop watching that as well.
Maybe he can fight Greg Hardy 
"If you want to see the cowboys win a game, give me a hell yeah" 
He might do well until he comes up against this team
http://youtu.be/ZPR5CDLBXLg
"That was a touchdown, and that's the bottom line, cause stone cold said so!" 
Yes. Please. Give me a reason to watch the cowboys. 
He's already used to pre-determined outcomes in professional sports so he's a shoe-in.
I can't tell you how much I wish the Cowboys would take him up on this offer.
I've seen him throw beers not a bad choice
I vote so his jersey can read 3:16
One hit and Austins head pops off. His neck is made almost entirely of chicken fat and beer cans now. Also he's 63 years old. 
OMG the thought of hearing his theme in a football stadium, and the thousand of people going absolutely nuts
"Offers"! I offered too! So what?
*glass shatters*
Will Stone Cold Steve Austin give Greg Hardy a stunner as well?
I'm sure after five consecutive losses without him, Romo's ego has spiked to an all-time high.
He'd fit in with the other assholes on Dallas

http://annoyedcritic.com/2015/06/21/stone-cold-steve-austin-steroid-using-woman-beater/
Watch out for Rikishi on the blindside
what
I would watch football if this happened.
And he'll beat Romos wife for free
[Here's the video](https://youtu.be/KvfZ0dNGcTw?t=30s)
Is it weird that I'm reading all of these comments in JRs voice? 
Austin can't take hits though now because of the danger of becoming paralyzed. That pile driver accident ended his career. When you see it land he doesn't grab his head to sell it or anything and you can see the nerves misfiring in his  legs as muscles twitch uncontrollably. Although a fake sport, sometimes there are real consequences.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKYYsg-jMfU
Wins every game 3:16.  Stunning.  Steve Austin pun.
Uh oh, he's calling an audible. 

What? What? What? Hut!
Excellent, he and Hardy can swap stories...
This is the result for any team that spends so much for an underperforming primary QB. The rest of the team has to be stacked to make Romo look good. The back up QBs can't cost too much money because they don't have money after paying all of the people that would normally carry Romo. On top of that Romo always gets the reps despite being a choke artist.
He was clearly joking around. Therefore making this post on this particular subreddit ironic.
Didn't he beat his wife too ?
He did beat the shit out if his girlfriend a while back, he should fit right in.
This viral WWE promo made itself.
Romo and Austin have the same chances of leading a team to the Super Bowl.
Well, since he beat his wife, he'd be a shoe in for the NFL.
There are enough wife beaters on the Cowboys as it is....

🎺🎺🎺🎺
He would beat every team like he beats his wife.
Well, there are plenty of domestic violence specialists in the nfl. May as well let another one in. 
Everyone's making jokes and I'm just sitting here thinking he couldn't do worse than Romo.
Can you do that? Can you just "offer" to be quarterback for an NFL team? I kind of would have thought it was a bit more of a "don't call us, we'll call you" situation. 
He'd fit in well with the rest of the NFL's wife beaters. 
What?
WHAT?!
WHAAT!?
WHAT?!
No mention  that he is way to short  to actually  play quarterback?  The lack of sports  knowledge  on reddit saddens me
You know your team is doing terrible if a professional Wrestler reaches out to try and lead you to some victories lol
Don't like wrestling.  Could care less about the Cowboys.   Yet, I'd watch the hell out of that.
Whoever put that font on that background deserves a prison sentence. 
They should sign him for one week as the backup and make a fortune selling official Austin Cowboys jerseys. 
Pretty sure Steve has been on steroids for a while. RIP the dream. 
They have one woman beater, why not add another? 
The NFL's already pretty scripted, so he's got that going for him.
Nah be defensive end after Greg Hardy hopefully dies on the field.
"HEY GUYS REMEMBER ME? STONE COLD? AM I STILL RELEVANT?"
Is the dog getting called as a witness?
What the actual fuck...

"The linebacker could be charged with taunting a police K-9, a third degree felony in Pennsylvania."...
"A third-degree felony in Pennsylvania is punishable by up to seven years in jail and a maximum $15,000 (£9,900) fine."
Still not as bad as the time Browns WR Josh Gordon fed candy to a diabetic police horse.
This is a tough one. On the one hand, he's black, so he deserves the harshest possible penalty. On the other hand, he's rich, so he deserves the lightest possible penalty.

The fact is, the American criminal justice system isn't quite equipped to handle cases like this.
Taunt a regular dog, no problem. Taunt a police dog, felony equal with terrorism. Makes sense.
Anyone else think its strange that a Police dog is named "Bandit"?
&gt;"The dog was going crazy," chief deputy Kevin Kraus said. "The deputy was trying to control the dog the best she could." [...] "Bandit was very agitated. He wanted me to let him go. I imagine with his training and experience he would have gone to his target who was taunting him. I don't want to speculate on what he would have done,"

You know, in other countries they actually make sure that the dog can handle loud/distracting environments and still listen to its handler before they actually send it out into a loud/distracting environment.

The fact that the cop had trouble handling her dog in that situation shows that Pennsylvania need to shape the fuck up when it comes to actually training their fucking police dogs.
Oh for fucks sake. You mean your police dog is so poorly trained that you can't control it. It shouldn't give a damn what is going on around it if the handler doesn't direct it.
Felony?!
Funny how last night a bunch of cops were on my street looking for someone and suddenly a group of them organized themselves in front of my house to figure out how to deal with MY barking dog.  He was barking at them because they were standing in his driveway and pointing and looking at him.  I quickly took him inside as I had a feeling they felt threatened by him and were about to open fire. 
And yet cops routinely kill people's dogs for petty reasons, or for no reason at all. https://dogmurders.wordpress.com/

I've just about had it with cops. This is enough.
It's seems like even Police *dogs* are more protected under the law than I am. 
Free "speech"? I don't see how taunting can be a felony...especially if you're taunting a dog. It seems that if it's a felony to taunt a dog, the consequences should be even more severe for all the police who shoot dogs that bark at them.
Holy shit, too many things are felony crimes in this country. 

I wonder how many of us have committed felonies and just don't know it because there wasn't an overzealous cop to catch us?
"I don't want to speculate on what he (the dog) would have done,"
- Coming from a police officer w/ a trained K9 unit, that's a fucking terrifying thing to say.
And this is why DMX could never have a concert in Pittsburgh
Jesus fuck 7 years in prison for taunting a freaking dog? You yankees are out of your god damn freaking minds.
If the officer can't control the dog then it should be removed. Why the fuck is a police dog at a football game anyways? If the dog is sitting quietly and he comes up taunting it that is one thing, but I doubt this was the case. It was probably barking like a jackass and he responded like many would. I always bark back at annoying dogs. My kids tell me to quit it but I do what I do. But seriously, a felony? Ridiculous. 
If you, as a dog handler, cannot control the dog, YOU are the problem.
7 years for thumping your chest at a dog?  Ffs I've heard of child molesters getting less than that.
Police: "Did you bark at that dog?"

Armstrong: "Ummm... No?"

Police: "**HE'S GOT A GUN!!!!!**"

So police can shoot an unarmed citizen in the back while they are being cooperative and face no responsibility but if you taunt their dog you are facing felony charges. Lol fuck America.
Does anyone speak dog? Are we sure he was even taunting the dog? He could have been inviting it to dinner for all I know.
Really I bark at dogs all the time and guess what they bark back its called communication :)
[Maybe the dog started it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSpfyIaS6wE)
Yeah...there isn't a need for dangerous police dogs at a fucking football game. Chill out, PA.
A felony for barking at a police dog.... Wow. Next it'll be life in prison for jaywalking. If the handler couldn't control the dog then either the handler needs more training or the dog does. 
I sometimes meow at cats. 
Why is there police dogs ANYWHERE near a BALL game, in the first place??? I just saw recently a player getting BIT by a police dog behind the endzone...
Maybe she should train her dog better, instead of blaming others. 

A police dog that is going to attack people in public is a hazard. 
WHY THE FUCK IS TAUNTING A POLICE DOG A FUCKING FELONY?!
Well does the dog want to press charges?
This is so fucking stupid. If he gets charged with a felony, what you're basically saying is that making a police officer angry is a felony. Yeah fuck that.
If the dog reacts like that to someone pulling up their shirt, pounding their chest and yelling, maybe it shouldn't be at a football game... I mean, honestly the biggest danger there is upsetting a police dog and being charged with terrorism. 
'Our poorly trained dog flipped out and our poorly trained officer couldn't handle it. This embarassed us and now this fucker's gotta pay for highlighting our incompetence'.
Sounds like neither the dog, nor the officer should be on the force.
Goddamn it this is so ridiculous. Lol 
I. Hate. Stupid. Police.
so we can't bark at their dogs, but they can shoot ours?
Well good thing Greg Hardy only beat his wife a couple times, can you imagine if he had taunted a police dog?! You cowboy fans sure are lucky!!
"Virtue, liberty, and independence"

lol, Pennsylvania needs a dictionary. 
Handled poorly, the whole situation. The handler and police should have just told him off the records to "please not bark at our dog, it agitates the animal."

The worse part is how they insinuate that the dog would have mauled the man given the chance. Good job guys, the relationship between the citizen population of the US and their police surely has not been strained enough.
As a Raiders fan, this is one of the funniest things I've heard in a long time. Ray-Ray is by and far the stupidest player on the team and is constantly making bad plays, flying around after the whistle, dancing like an idiot and being an all around buffoon. When the news came out that a Raiders player got in trouble for taunting a police dog the entire fanbase immediately said it had to be Ray-Ray, and lo and behold, it was. Total clown. 
\#DogLivesMatter
Meanwhile Pittsburgh pays a known dog killer Michael Vick millions of dollars.
Have him apologize to the dog. Maybe take him for a walk and share some treats together. 
Um....don't the cops have much more important things to be doing?

Or have they solved every robbery and assault in town already?
dog was being racist.
In Council Bluffs, Iowa it's against the law to annoy or worry a black squirrel.

So I guess that this isn't so far fetched.
What happens if a police dog barks at another police dog? Does it get re-training? Is it suspended from the force?

I wish the dog just bit him...
The only dogs that should be allowed on an NFL field

http://www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-game-highlights/0ap2000000119231/Monkeys-riding-dogs


Why didn't he just fess up to being a Ruff Ryder...
Last year, one of Pittsburgh's K9 officers was fatally stabbed.  Pittsburgh police don't fuck around anymore when you do anything that could be construed as threatening towards their canine partners.  http://www.post-gazette.com/local/city/2015/03/10/Killer-of-Rocco-the-Pittsburgh-police-dog-gets-lengthy-prison-sentence/stories/201503100159
Police dogs should not be blood thirsty. This is ridiculous.
sounds like tax-payers money well spent. 
Seems like the dog was not properly trained or the handler was incompetent.
"I swear he hardly ever does this at black people...."
Hmmmmmmmm???

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSpfyIaS6wE
\#DogLivesMatter
Putting animals in these situations, in the military and police, is animal abuse. Shameful.
so wait a second... is that dog racist?!  

Think about it:A bunch of black men amped up jogging to the field put the dog on tilt and Ray-Ray was just being someone named Ray-Ray.
If you're having trouble keeping your K9 under control then maybe they aren't fit to be a police dog. 
What a joke. Put a badge on an animal and they have more rights then citizens.
Felony might be a bit much, but police animals are supposed to be treated with the same respect that police officers would expect.  The same rules apply, regardless of species.

Haven't you guys seen Half Baked?  The precedent is established clearly in that film.
Why isn't anybody talking about what a dumbshit Ray-Ray Armstrong is?  Who taunts a dog?  Really?
Should we investigate the dog for intimidating Ray Ray by barking at him?
Dog lives matter! lol
Dear god, I never thought someone, let alone an *NFL player*, would ever go that far. 

#pray for dog
Well, no wonder NFL players act like they do if everyone here defends them, even if they are total idiots.
I hate america more and more everyday
There is no reason for a K-9 unit to be at a crowded place like a stadium. Even if it could, and I stress could, identify and separate its target, the dog could easily get confused and grab an innocent person or someone intoxicated. This is misuse of resources. Bomb-sniffer, yes but stay at the front -  no need to be inside the stadium. If the bomb-sniffer is inside, the bomb is inside, too late.
What a waste of a good resource. On a Sunday. Triple overtime no doubt.
At what point is it enough? We fund this nonsense. A football player running on adrenaline after warm ups barks at a dog as he walks by. I guarantee the dog had no reaction irregardless of the officers statement, yet bc they were in Pittsburgh and because he's a raider its a felonious act.
I know this is not PC but, fuck those particular officers for doing this dumb shit.
get the dog off the field then
It is a police dog, and you shouldn't do that. 

It's not $15,000 of you shouldn't do that, it's more of a "hey, dickweed, cut it out!" type of you shouldn't do that.
If he was genuinely being a dick to the dog he should be ashamed of himself. But for fucks sake I feel like a few dirty looks his way would suffice, not charging him with a crime.
Police dogs are the biggest fucking scam going. They dont really work. They just "signal" whenever their handler tells them to signal and provides legal cover for searches that would otherwise be illegal. Plus, they are trained to be vicious and are used to maul people. They are basically a weapon that is unusually difficult to control.

They aren't needed and should be banned. 
The horror.
Are you fucking kidding me?
This has to be the dumbest shit of all time. 
You gotta be fucking kidding me...
10 game suspension!
Dogs lives matter
So this makes me ask. Who would win in a fight? German Shepherd or ray ray?
Oh shit, I better stop barking at the neighbors dogs to get them to shut up...
This should fall under diplomatic immunity or some shit like that.
Lmao, I didn't know that you could get charged for that. That's funny. 
He was just shouting his name at the dog! What's so wrong about that?
Original video of this taking place? Otherwise it doesn't make sense.
Da fuq? 
What does this investigation involve? Couldn't they just look at the video and complete the entire investigation in the length of time it takes to watch a football game? Significantly less if they just watch the part where the dog was involved.

I think they're hand wringing over "Should we charge someone with a crime for this ridiculous law"

&gt;"The dog was going crazy," chief deputy Kevin Kraus said.

&gt;"The deputy was trying to control the dog the best she could. 

Neither of these comments fill me with confidence. Most police dogs I have seen are pretty chill, although it aint surprising with all that free cocaine they get.
Is this an April Fools joke
Sounds like that dog needs more training. 

And..."Ray-Ray"? 
Maybe it's time to do away with police dogs?
Wut?
Bark bark bark
So if you taunt a human and they kill you, they've committed murder, a first degree felony.  If you taunt a dog and they kill you, you've committed a 3rd degree felony....
Mayyybe if he was shouting "Bad Dog!" But barks? Come the fuck on.
[TIL DMX is one of Pennsylvania's most wanted.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGx6K90TmCI)
This is why I am glad I'm Canadian

We don't know the whole story.



Maybe the dog thought this was a game?



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUN5kGUUXXc
I like that the police dog is named "bandit"
I feel like in America, "being black near a police K-9" is the same thing as "taunting a police k-9"
So we can get charged for taunting, So what about when cops taunt us,! can we charge them? There's a few times that i can recall cops taunting and aggressively pure pressuring me into saying something or doing something, They laugh at us they mock us? well they did to me at least! 
If you can't control your stupid dog then you shouldn't have one. 
First world problem hooray 
Raider nation baby!
Michael Vick is laughing about this
This is no joke. I just served a nickel of hard time for meowing at a cat.
This hurts my brain.  My dingus shep is smart enough to not try attack some dumb fuck who barks at him. 
how come no one has yelled out RAIIIIIIIIDEEEEEERRRRR NATTTTTIOOOOOOOOOOOONNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


c'mon reddit raider fans!
"bark bark!" SIR GET ON THE GROUND
SIR
Somewhat related: When I was 17, I worked at a grocery store. There were these two guys who were friends that, while one was on break and the other had just clocked out for the day, got in the one's car, drove around to the other side of the parking lot to the lot in front of Kmart and Stein Mart and (at 4:00 in the afternoon, mind you) did donuts and barked at old people. The old people walked over, told my manager, and they were fired.
this is the most ridiculous thing I have read all week. hands down

That dog probably would have tazed and beat that guy if he had the means to- seeing as how the officer in charge of it blames its reaction on its training. 
Ray-Ray gave a statement: Woof-Woof.
Another instance where one person is being an idiot and now everyone like him will be categorized as a bad person because of it.  It's a tough day for people named "Ray-Ray".  
Welp, they aren't the smartest bunch... 
Living hear in Pa I can tell you, that many people say they have corrupt cops and that their cops are in edge, come visit us cause your gonna learn today
hopefully there is video before anyone can judge
I'll tell you hwat, this wouldn't have happened if Ray-Ray was hwite, that's for sure. 
&gt;"Bandit was very agitated. He wanted me to let him go. I imagine with his training and experience he would have gone to his target who was taunting him. I don't want to speculate on what he would have done,"

The dog's reaction is standard for Oakland Police Officers.
How fucked up is it they named a Police K9 "Bandit"?
... what? Making faces at a police dog is a felony? W.T.F.
hahaha fuck. American police deserve their own reality TV show, and I don't mean Cops. I'll be chillen up north with my Mounties. 
Who is investigating the incompetent handler?


This is where our taxes go!
I find it funny that we here in Pittsburgh will get pissed off when a football player taunts a dog, yet they sign Michael Vick...
I'm surprised no one has mentioned racial profiling.  I think Ray-Ray should turn around and sue the police department for racial profiling.  If they convey "officer" status to their K-9 units, then can't they be sued when one of their "officers" singles out a black man and tries to attack him for no apparent reason and has to be restrained by his fellow officers?

Seriously, though, it sounds like the animal was out of control and the player was just barking back at it, with no harm intended.  But, by all means, throw him in prison for 7 years.
Rodgers Goodell "give him 8 weeks" ... judge Berman "nah"
So HE let the dogs out...
First Amendment expert Eugene Volokh just wrote about this on his [blog](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2015/11/11/ray-ray-armstrong-the-first-amendment-and-man-barks-at-dog-stories/).
Why is a police dog on the field of the football game?  What purpose does it serve on the field with the players?

I agree with everyone else here, the dog should not be in that environment if it can't handle chest pounding and yelling, it's football game, people do these sorts of things. 
I understand that people, including cops make mistakes but why do they keep doubling down on this shit? The second cop that heard about this incident should have done [one of these](http://picardfacepalm.com/picard-facepalm-hotlink.jpg) and nipped it in the bud. 
Police investigate Ozzie for bark at moon.
Funniest thing is that French Canadians call cops "dogs"...
I'm sorry, but is that title supposed to be what I take this for.  Now I must read about fucking football.

*Ah, you left out the word, "Police," before, "Dog."  Probably on purpose.*
Instantly thought of Ray Ray from Scary Movie
[Showing a middle finger while driving by a police officer isn’t a crime](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2015/07/15/showing-a-middle-finger-while-driving-by-a-police-officer-isnt-a-crime/) and *barking* at a *dog* is?
Everytime a police dog is injured or killed the accused is often charged with a a crime against an officer. If this is the case, Ray-Ray has a first amendment right to taunt the police. You can't have it both ways.
I read the title and then I had to reed it again to make sure i read it right...
In a stadium of like 40+thousand screaming people I'm sure ray rays voice was going to be the one tht set the dog on an unstoppable murder spree 
Fuck this fuck this.  As stupid as this may have been this is the prefect example of the extreme over reach of our fucking government now days.   A felony for barking at a damn dog? Really!
"Why are you in here?"
"Terrorist threats, what about you?"

"I barked a dog"

"YOU MONSTER."

Yep, they're definitely the same like.
And you wonder why people don't respect the police...
I don't want to live on this planet anymore
This is a dumb crime to bust someone for.
Ray Ray gonna do what Ray Ray gonna do.
See Antonio Morrison at the University of Florida.
'Muricans, Y YOU BE SO LITIGIOUS?
God police are such pussies. 
"You barked at my dog. Now I'm going to fuck your life up".
Can you say frivolous as fuck?

Stupid cops blowing shit out of proportion again.  K9 handlers should HANDLE their fucking dogs, how can taunting a dog be a threat? I did that every time I passed by my neighbors dogs barking at me on the way home from school.  Just because it's a police dog doesn't mean shit.  It's a dog, get the fuck over it. Cops need to get a fucking grip, these lawsuits can ruin peoples lives.
What a silly law.  Those cops must of not had anything better to do.  

*{rolls eyes}* Pfft cops...
Taunting is a god damn felony. What the hell?? Impeach every single lawmaker who passed that insane law.
How well-trained is this dog if it's going berzerk in the presence of his handler over "taunting"?

Fucking ridiculous.
What's there to investigate?  He either barked at the dog or didnt.
So if you "taunt" a police dog - it's a felony. If a regular person kills or harms a police dog - its a felony. 

But if you're a cop and your negligence kills a police dog - its ok?
Wait, these dogs aren't trained well enough to not become vicious when someone taunts them? That seems nuts.
What?  He was probably being friendly at the dog, who lost its shit like all dogs do all the fucking time. 
That dog needs a safe space now!
Was it a police dog?

Yep, that explains.
We're they trying to be ironic naming the police k9, bandit?
Guy could have been shot..
One thing that is common among Philly Cops and most Redditers,
they treat their own dogs above minorities.
Here's the question i'm not sure has been answered. Why is there a K9 unit sitting outside a locker room before a game? They are now dumbfounded that a bunch of athletes would be loud and amping themselves up before a match. Asinine.
And this is why DMX could never have a concert in Pittsburgh
White people can't say the N-Word, and black folks can't bark at dogs.  

Coming next, dogs can't bark at cats or else the owner's are sued.
Maybe the police should invest in better training and better dogs than the POS dogs they buy cheaply. 
Our dog was agitated.  7 years in prison seems just.
As a Raider fan, I can say we've had some criminals in the past as players. Taunting a police dog is the least shitty "crime" I've seen yet. 
She's just using the old definition of [Native Americans](https://39escalones.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/gangs-of-new-york_39.jpg)
This land belongs to the worms you god damn heathens
So her first native born ancestor was an anchor baby? How does she feel about that?
Ann Coulter thinks a lot of things, most of them wrong.
Whether people agree or disagree, it's important/interesting to understand the core of her argument - that a "nation" is not defined by the land it occupies, but by the national government, i.e., the people, their leaders, and their laws. The claim is that the founding population of the US were settlers, not immigrants, because they formed their own governments. Whether the Native Americans were pushed off of their land, including by warfare, to make room for the new nation, is irrelevant to her, under this argument.
She isn't Native American, but she is a native American.
Ann Coulter feeds off your attention and outrage.
If you go far enough back in ancestry, nobody is native to anyplace.   Everybody's ancestors came from somewhere, even if only "out of Africa."

Nobody has any authentic title to any piece of land if you go far enough back in history; it was all just put to use by somebody at some point.  

You only get to use what you can defend from other people wanting to use it.  In civilized countries, the government helps you do that.
She's not saying she thinks she belongs to the ethnicity that people who are referred to by the label "Native American" are of, which is what this headline very misleadingly implies. 

She's making a rhetorical point by twisting the words to insist that she's “native to America” because she was born there. You can debate the political merits of the point she's making—it *is* typical Coulter—but what she's actually saying isn't, strictly speaking, incorrect, even if it is annoying or silly. 

As u/yes_its_him said, “If you go far enough back in ancestry, nobody is native to anyplace. Everybody's ancestors came from somewhere … ” and *most* of them got there by being violent as hell to those who were there before them. 

Even in Africa, there’s substantial evidence that modern day Africans committed widespread genocide against [the native Pygmy population](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pygmy_peoples#Genetic_evidence_for_origins)—and as you can see at the link, they are still to this day in Africa disproportionately kept as slaves, “hunted down and eaten as though they were game animals” in some parts of the country, and routinely discriminated against everywhere.
Ann Coulter is awesome. She says things which are technically correct but phrased in a way that prompts everyone to argue with her. She's the ultimate troll.
Ann Coulter is a waste of oxygen. Can we stop giving her so much attention? 
She's native because she was born here.
Debating whose ancestors got here first is completely irrelevant to the immigration debate(or anything, really). I think everyone in the interview was very off topic. I strongly dislike Ann Coulter, but for all intents and purposes, she is native to America. She's obviously isn't ethnically Native American, but she has every right to call herself an American by birth. That being said, I really don't see how that was relevant to whatever point she was trying to make. 
Who cares what Ann Coulter says? We should all ignore her.
ITT: People who don't know the various definitions of "native." 
I absolutely hate to agree with that bitch on anything, but in this case I think she has a point.  I was born in America, I have spent my entire life (minus a few weeks vacation) in America.  If that doesn't make me a native of America, then what does?  I'm sure as hell not European, I've spent all of 2 weeks there.
At what point do we call ourselves American? At what point do we admit that America has culture? At what point do we stop saying, "she's German," when in reality, she's never set foot in Europe? At what point do we stop calling black people AFRICAN?  At what point do we show pride in our country, our UNITY of a nation? At what point does history become history? At what point do people born and raised here get to call themselves native? I don't get it... 
Anyone with Ann Coulter is definitely a settler.
&gt;Ann Coulter Thinks She's Native

Well she's not wrong...
That's still more native than dumbtard Elizabeth Warren.. 
Is Ann Coulter real? I'm honestly asking this question. She seems like the female version of what Stephen Colbert used to do ... except she refuses to break character ... ... ... ever 
I'm still waiting for ol' Ann to come out and say her entire career was an elaborate hoax.
No one is a native anywhere if she isn't. 
Yes, Ann Coulter says stupid things. It's how Ann Coulter makes a living. 
Maybe she "identifies" as native.

this reminds me:   i forget, whos the politician who flat lied about native blood but somehow managed to get away with continuing to claim it after it was disproven?
Why do people continue to give this woman attention? 

She's either a complete idiot, in which case no amount of reasoning with her is going to change what she says. Or,  she's actually intelligent, and she's just selling a persona of  controversy for the sake of entertainment, in which case,  again, no amount of reasoning will change what she says. 

The best response to her brand of ignorance is,  as the Simpsons sang, Just Don't Look. 
how long ago would one of your ancestors need to live in america to be a 'native'?
in pork ann coulter. lets be honest
Ann Coulter doesn't think
[deleted]
She is native.  She grew up here.  Here parents grew up here.  Her grandparents grew up here.  She's pretty Native to America.  Now she's of European descent...  but if we want to go there we can say Aboriginal Americans are of Asian descent.  Denisovian Americans?
Neither is right nor wrong.  Both Coulter and The View/Indian Country Today are just using different but equally valid definitions of the word "native".  

Seeing how all parties seem to be well aware the other is just using a different but equally valid definition of the word this is a pretty stupid and petty argument. 
Senator Elizabeth Warren (D,  Mass) claimed aboriginal american status in order to get preferential treatment and ultimately a professorship at Harvard based having high cheekbones. 

https://howiecarrshow.com/now-even-barack-agrees-elizabeth-warren-is-phony/ 
To be fair, having ancestors in a country for over 400 years or so is a pretty damn long time to still be considered an invader/outsider.  There's a point in time where this native pride thing or whatever is taking an ugly turn. Then again the grievances are real and hardly ever addressed in mainstream american culture.

For example, having those disgusting northern generals from the civil war still presented to school kids as great and wise men must be a tough pill to swallow for a native.
I saw the thumbnail and thought to myself, "damn, that fuckin' harpy *really* let herself go."

And then I clicked the link and realized that it was a picture of the author.
Ann Coulter thinks saying this will get people up in arms and make them talk about her. Ann Coulter thinks people are fucking stupid, and she's right.
Oy.  Ann Coulter is technically not the Onion, but she still does satire.  She just disguises it very well.  Her skill is in straddling the line between conservative idiocy and complete lunacy -- she says really crazy things that, nevertheless, are plausible for an actual conservative to believe.  She goes just a little farther than the actual conservatives, and she does it in such a way that points out the obvious stupidity of their positions.  It's satire.

Granted, if enough people figure out that it's satire, the game is over.  She's pretty careful about not overstepping that line after which people will catch on.  But unlike the actual crazy people like Ben Carson or Michele Bachmann (remember her?), she's not crazy.  She just pretends to be, *really* convincingly.
She means that there was no America until her ancestors (settlers) came. 
Mr.Coulter is one of the people who most makes me wonder "Are they REALLY that arrogant, insane, and callous, or are they just a masterful actor playing a role?"
The Native American Party, also known as the Know Nothing Party, was a racist party that advocated for the restriction of voting rights for Catholics and immigrants in the US.

Ann Coulter. A racist woman who shuts off other opinions and advocates restricting voting rights for women.

Calls herself a native american

Irony much?
She is a native.  Everyone that's born in America and didn't have to migrate here is a native American by definition. .
You really can't argue against this logic. If your family was part of the founding generations you truly are a native american.
Since the united states was founded by settlers, she is indeed a native.
The Native Americans had not founded the U.S when the brittish arrived.
It's great to see the common sense of the top posts here.  I've been saying the same thing for years.  "Why not deed the land back to  dinosaurs? They were here first!"  
She's making a political point, not an actual claim of American Indian heritage.
Pants on Fire: Coulter does not think. She just spouts ridiculous nonsense.
What a pathetic person she is.
I agree with her on almost nothing, but can't we agree she's a masterful troll and stop treating her discourse as relevant. You're just helping her sell shitty books. 
Her problem is semantic disingenuousness.  She thinks it's cute to troll the generally accepted terminology in order to make a point.  But she doesn't want to state her true nativist motivations clearly, which is that she feels her white tribe has been threatened.  If she says that, she'll be called a racist.  So she resorts to subtle games.
Elizabeth Warren
I am black since I'm a human and the human race originated in Africa.
All people groups migrated at some point. That doesn't make everyone an immigrant, though. 
forget the headline or the article, these fucking COMMENTS need to be a post on /r/nottheonion in and of themselves. jesus christ. 
This demonstrates perfectly why I loathe the term "Native American". 
**New Rule**: any sentence that starts with "Ann Coulter thinks..." should be laughed at intensely. 

Nothing after those three words matters because the first three are impossible. 
No human is native to North America. We are all descended from settlers. 
If you comment upon, uptoke, or even spare a thought, for an article involving Ann Coulter... you're falling right into her hand.

Yes, me too. But at least this singular comment might get 5 of you sheeple to wake up and ignore this hateful provocateur, off-setting its attention-increasing impact.

EDIT:

"

    You can’t use your hands in soccer. (Thus eliminating the danger of having to catch a fly ball.) What sets man apart from the lesser beasts, besides a soul, is that we have opposable thumbs. Our hands can hold things. Here’s a great idea: Let’s create a game where you’re not allowed to use them!

    Soccer is like the metric system, which liberals also adore because it’s European. Naturally, the metric system emerged from the French Revolution, during the brief intervals when they weren’t committing mass murder by guillotine.

    If more “Americans” are watching soccer today, it’s only because of the demographic switch effected by Teddy Kennedy’s 1965 immigration law. I promise you: No American whose great-grandfather was born here is watching soccer. One can only hope that, in addition to learning English, these new Americans will drop their soccer fetish with time.[179]"

This is who (and whose pocketbook) you are feeding, sheeple... She's 100% an actor and opportunist.
I don't care what Ann Coulter thinks.  I had almost forgotten about her.  Is she one of kardashians?
Hurradurr Ann Coulter a dumb and I a so smart
I don't know what the "correct" definition of Native would be, but I consider my right to live on this continent just as valid as any Native American, and whoever disagrees can rot. I've lived here my entire life, just like any of them, and whatever anyone's ancestors did is irrelevant. Anyone born on this continent is native in my book.
Dolezal says she's black: permitted.

Bruce Jenner says he's a woman: permitted + praised.

Ann Coulter says she has native American roots: lampooned probably because Anne Coulter is saying it.  
I can't believe I'm saying this, because I think she's a professional asshole, but she does make a point.  It's a linguistic technicality, but if you were born and raised in the US, how are you not a native American?  Indian is a totally different thing, and we could parse though that, but what else do you call yourself?  My family has been here since Jamestown.  So, I'm British?  Makes no sense.  

/rant, just got through a long football game.  Fuck Dallas.


Oh Ann, you spelled Naive wrong.
If I, having been born here, am not "native" then neither are "Native Americans" since they originally "immigrated" from Asia.  Their ancestors aren't from North America either.
As a true Native American these comments are funny.
The article itself is worse than anything she said. I mean, it's not like she's wrong. Her family has been in America as long as it's been America. Honestly, the article's being worse by claiming that the only way someone can be native to America is if you're an American Indian, and apparently we should all kiss the ground they walk on, because it's not like they themselves came from Asia or anything. No, if this article is to be believed, no one is native to anywhere because all of humanity immigrated from Africa.
She has a point.
Well...if we are not one group does not seem accurate to me.
I thought native simply meant "be born". 
Whereas Aboriginal is "original inhabitants".
Can we stop changing what words mean please?
Well nobody is really native unless your from Africa.
Truth is it shouldn't really matter who we are descended from. 
This is difficult quandary. The notion of 'native' is fairly difficult to ascertain. It ultimately is a subjective term, but if you consider that the movement of British people to the area of the thirteen colonies was a deliberate attempt to carve a new society from the lands of an existing people than the term settler does apply. Being descended from those who conquered and forged a nation means that she is indeed a native of the newly established state. However, she is not a native of the conquered land mass. 
Stop giving these people attention. Please. By posting these you're part of the problem. 
If technically your people were here before the country was officially a country, can they really ever have been considered immigrants? The natives who were here would have viewed them as another tribe, not immigrants to their country. 
I'm with her, I'm Native American as well
And indiancountrytodaymedianetwork has just increased her books sales. Good jobs dufus'. 
Please stop giving her attention
She obviously doesn't know "native" is generally a synonym of  "autochthonous", so explaining that to her should clear things right up.
Ann Coulter needs to make like a tree and leave. 
&gt;this just in: Ann Coulter continues to be the worlds greates IRL troll and makes millions doing it.
So Ann Coulter officially joined the Know Nothing Party?
Ann coulter is a terrible, terrible person.  But shouldn't native mean that you were born in that place?  It's pretty much impossible to determine where everyone's ancestors came from, unless you go all the way back to Africa.  How do you make the arbitrary definition of "native" otherwise?


That's not even the Onion-y headline. The headline is "Ann Coulture thinks Settlers weren't Immigrants." 
&gt;Since Coulter has built an entire career on the shock value of her political opinions....

I thought I'd help advance that career by giving her the attention she so desperately craves!
So do the *actual natives*. 
The Natives descended from settlers, so Ann is right?
Coulter is a troll, don't feed the trolls.
"Ann Coulter Completely Irrelevant Until Dumb Ass Journalist Wrote An Article About Ann Coulter."
She used to be entertaining, now she just repeats overbearing polemic rhetoric like a broken record.  Nothing new.
All she does is play trolling semantic games, much like that kid we all hated. She's either very self aware or not at all, but I don't care to know her well enough to be able answer that.

She's just a fuckhead, anyway. Most conservatives I've met don't even like her.
Who?!
No, if this article as well as culture.
"Adios, America: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole" 

She has to be satirizing herself at this point.
Going to a faulty interpretation of the past and nuke the freedom out of France.
Coulter is most likely thinking that she is being provocative but she actually comes off as ignorant. 
The first people in America were Solutreans. Europeans are the true Native Americans.
God I hope this is one of those things that was taken [out of context like Sarah Palin saying she could see Russia from her house.](http://www.snopes.com/politics/palin/russia.asp).
oh look! more absurd articles to make the rest of the world laugh at us! fuck this piece of shit country.
Who the hell cares? 
She's not even black.
That's pretty fucking disgusting to massage both history and language to fit racist agendum.  
Coultergeist...
The thing about all of central Europe and give it back to the moon.
"Ann Coulter thinks" is an oxymoron 
What is your preferred, and unhelpfully derogatory, designation for her type- Caucasian invader?
Didn't all of us technically?
Nobody is a native anywhere.  All boundaries and cultures are constructs.  She is native born, but so are a lot of people.  So it is.
She's got the donkey brains
So she is descended from illegal immigrants?

why do people care what ann coulter thinks?
What does Rachel "I'm Black" Dolezal say about this?
Reminds me of [this](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-Z2D3RnED-bQ/T1AlSFBXuJI/AAAAAAAAAuA/PXAjUXaLnSg/s320/butcher.jpg) guy.
an interesting question, and no disrespect to anyone,  but what is the definition of being a native?  My family has about 300 years of being in  north america.   When do we become 'from here'?
When it comes to Ann Coulter, Reddit always finds a way to step into some kind of blind rage where all they see is red and all they can retort is misogynistic insults and death threats.


But hey, check this out. I actually read the article. All Coulter was doing was rejecting the PC term which implies Indians sprung from the ground like summer grass and didn't also immigrate here. She was being factitious.
Wow, look at the butt hurt. There are people starving, hurting and barely scraping by but lets write an article about this obscure crazy lady's comments. So sad how feeble minded people are today, forget what really matters.
I can't be the only one here who would still fuck Ann Coulter despite despising every word that comes out her mouth?
you are a native of where you were born, and everyone is a native of somewhere.  i am a native of west los angeles.  
Yes, she is an outstanding example of a Naive American!
This just gives her more visibility - which is what she wants
Coulter is a moron, but even a broken clock is right twice a day.  So the question I how long do you have to live in a place to be considered a native?  200 years, 500 year, a 1,000 years?  Are Saxon British not native yet?  It also, begs other questions.  How many people in an area do you need before it is considered inhabited? 
Being decended of the indigenous population of north America, this is why there is a growing  desire to be referred to as north Americans, as it is more in line with how others are identified, as well as it is simply more accurate. 
6/8 of my great grand parents were Canadian born, 1 Scottish, 1 American.  How many generations is it going to take before my descendants can call themselves a native Canadian?  About as long as it was between humans crossing the bering land bridge and European colonization?  Like come on this is ridiculous.
I'm legitimately convinced that Ann Coulter is a liberal dressed as a conservative trolling everybody. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ann_Coulter
Ann's the best.
I think this is pretty ambiguous language here. If she is implying that European settlers and colonists that settled on the American continents weren't immigrants, then she is wrong. Even the European nations that these settlers originated never considered the migrants as "native" to the Americas. I don't believe she's comparing herself a member of the indigenous American peoples like Iroquois or Maya. I think her logic is that because there was no set nation here, then there was technically no nation for the settlers to immigrate to. I think this is all B.S, but I'm guessing that's her logic
Haha GO FUCK YOURSELF
Ann Coulter made a guest appearance on **The View**

I went ahh and stopped right there

isnt she kind of right?
She's an ethnic native of Europe.
She's still more native than Elizabeth Warren.
are my family and "my people" native to the USA?  hell no.  am I a native Texan because I was born and raised in the Lone Star State and I've never lived anywhere else?  you better fucking believe it.
[My face after reading this] (http://d1jrw5jterzxwu.cloudfront.net/sites/default/files/styles/author_thumbnail_medium/public/author/screen_shot_2015-09-23_at_11.13.06_am.png?itok=dbW_eUVl)
That's a really unfortunate thumbnail lol
Who? Is it 2002 again?
Stopped reading at Ann Coulter, I feel like I know enough to make an opinion on the subject.
We all originally came from Africa originally. Does that make us all Native Africans?
Yeah I never understood the pedestal Indians are put on for being supposedly native. They immigrated here as well. 
ann coulter would be an awesome Israeli settler
We are all descendants of Earth. Yay I win!

&gt;her latest book Adios, America: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country Into a Third World Hellhole.

Are you *sure* this isn't The Onion?
My problem with the term Native American is that we view them as a single nation. The tribes that settled the Americas were varied and independent from one another. Who has original claim to the land? Does it even matter at this point? If we really want to dig into the past we have tons of evidence to support violence between native tribes over land and resources. We tend to forget this because many early accounts by Europeans were peaceful. Does it matter? Nobody alive today can be held responsible for whatever atrocities occured. So why do we constantly remind Americans of the violence that began these countries? Probably do to how recent it was and the insistance by many Natives to remain independent. I'm really not trying to excuse what happen, I'm just saying if we really take a good look at our past, none of our ancestry would come out clean. 
Of all the claims this woman has probably made, saying that settlers are not immigrants because they started the country is probably pretty damn tame.
Who the fuck isn't native then?
I bet this 2x2 ft of land never had anybody on it, I'm native to anywhere because all of these sociological terms is that if someone is born on the worldnews subreddit.
invaders are now native of the land 
Are Americans now in a specific physical territory she is native to anyplace.
This is a pretty biased news article given that it's "Indian country". I'm not supporting Anne Coulter but the article says "Coulter goes on to say that she is also not an immigrant because she does not currently reside on tribal land (even though she likely does)." Is it saying that by living in the US that she is living on tribal lands? If so, that doesn't make sense. It's not tribal lands anymore, just like England is no longer celtic land. Can some explain this (if this is the correction interpretation and if not, the correct please)? 
Two words: Chocolate Socket.
I think the main issue here (beyond the semantics) is what can be generally inferred from Coulter's statements. But that in and of itself is problematic, as just because Coulter is an intelligent idiot (yeah, intelligent idiot, absolutely, she is) doesn't mean everything she says needs to be automatically discarded.
If you want to fight for the free movement of people, I guess you should fight for the abolishment of the nation state, so borders don't exist. It's a lousy way of organizing people anyway imo. If you want to stop illegal immigration to the United States, go after the people who employ illegal immigrants.  Do something like what is done to drug dealers under the War on Drugs.  Consider their business as a tool used to commit a crime, and enforce forfeiture of everything.  Imprison the owners, and levy fines against them and convict them of felonies such that they will be bankrupt and rendered unemployable and politically disenfranchised for life.  In a word, wreck their lives irreparably. Sound harsh.?  It's exactly what the US does to people they really want to disempower.  All this talk of building walls and so forth is just nonsense, intended to distract the electorate or whoever's listening.  Ann Coulter is a human joke.  However, I don't see how those alleged ancestors of hers could have technically immigrated to the United States prior to the American Revolution, whereas asking her if she's an albino Native American is just pure confusion.  I don't care about this at all.  I wish ad block would extract her from all media.
Americans, as a collective... we fit the definition of insanity. Every time a known lunatic opens his or her mouth and says something else that's crazy, offensive, or patently stupid, we're shocked that they did it *again*. 
Ann Coulter is an idiot when it comes to this issue.  
And apparently her politics, too.
I think it might be fun to be one of these right wing nut jobs, probably a lot more fun than being a left wing nut job. I get the sense that the extremist lefties are just terribly earnest, but the extremist righties seem to just give no fucks and might be doing it for the lulz.

You read what she is saying, and you think "She can't be serious. That's just too absurd."
isnt a settler an immigrant? 

set·tler
ˈsed(ə)lər,ˈsetlər/
noun
a person who settles in an area, typically one with no or few previous inhabitants.
synonyms:	colonist, colonizer, frontiersman, frontierswoman, pioneer, bushwhacker; More
im·mi·grant
ˈiməɡrənt/
noun
a person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country.
synonyms:	newcomer, settler, migrant, emigrant; More
BIOLOGY
an animal or plant living or growing in a region to which it has migrated.

i copied and pasted from the dictionary. They are synonyms. 
smh.
This is really boring and not outrageous at all.
I have a cousin who thinks she's Queen Victoria. What do I can about what a crazy person thinks?

TIL there's over 20 differen definitions of "native."
I'm pretty sure Ann Coulter's father was Irish Catholic. Her ancestors, at least the ones that gave her her last name, had more in common with the modern day immigrants she demonizes than they did with the settlers at Jamestown and Plymouth.
Can she just be put on house arrest already? It seems like she was like that for all her life before she got famous anyways.
Fucking humans - how do they work?
She probably is, the indians weren't killed off, the were bred out of existence.
Why is anyone surprised when this stupid cunt opens her mouth and shit pours out?
Wow. Weather must be nice on her planet.
This reads like a Ken M post...
I worked in her house before. She has portraits of herself all over. Along with an entire 5 shelf bookshelf filled with books written by her....mind you she only has a few books. The shelf was may I remind you. Full.
LOL there's some dumb cunts in this world

Btw that's not Ann coulter in the thumbnail
What is an Ann Coulter and why does reddit keep talking about her?
it's true, he may have been.  He also may have been actually 115 space ferrets in a human-skin disguise.  Vote for me.  To be your president.

Ted Cruz may too be a transgendered leftist activist.
May have also been a 500 ft monster from the Paleolithic Era who felt the clinic owed him tree fiddy. But that doesn't mean it's the truth, and saying something so outlandishly false in an effort to be misleading is immoral.
"If somebody posted it on FreeRepublic, it has to be true."
And Ted Cruz might actually be Katrina Johnson as Ross Perot from All That: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/freshoutthebox/images/2/28/KJRossPerot.JPG/revision/latest?cb=20121208175732
Old, white, male, lives in a trailer, took a rifle to an abortion clinic and started shooting people... Sounds kinda like a Republican to me.
Cruz Begs News Media To Pay Attention To Him "On Any Terms"

"Whatever it takes to get noticed," Cruz says.
This just in! Trump claims planned parenthood shooter may have been a space alien here on earth to damage his campaign.
"Shooter may have been an 'extraterrestrial hermaphrodite who reproduces asexually'" could also have worked. Fucking "journalism" these days...
part of me wants to rail against the GOP, the other part of me believes if you don't realize how fucked the party is by now, there's nothing I can say.... 
You can't trust anything Cruz says since he went all nutty jumping on Oprah's couch and all that.
&gt;**Context**:  "When a reporter reminded Cruz it has been reported Dear made a comment about "baby parts" while being apprehended, Cruz retorted, "It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist."

So...a reporter uses an unsubstantiated report to suggest the shooter was a pro-life activist.  Cruz counters with an unsubstantiated report to suggest the shooter was a leftist.  

I don't see a bit of news here, just ginned up political hay.  BUT...it does appear to be feeding the masses...
You guys do realize that, in the actual article, it says that he actually didn't say that, right? He was just using that as an example showcasing that many facts are still disputed and we don't know enough to draw conclusions. Now, I'm all about giving Cruz negative attention, but save that for when he says actual stupid things...

Oh wait, most people only read the title, silly me...
Canada, PLEASE take him back. Or arrest him for not speaking French or something.
Where does one register as a transgendered leftist activist, exactly? 
I'm gonna say it here first.  He may also have been half dolphin cyberbot.
The Colorado Shooter might've also been a dragon. This could be the Segway to them finally appearing on Game of Thrones. It was all an elaborate marketing campaign those clever bastards.
May have also been a 500 ft monster from the Paleolithic Era who felt the clinic owed him tree fiddy. But that doesn't mean it's the truth, and saying something so outlandishly false in an effort to be misleading is immoral.
how dumb can one be.
The fact that this man is a serious contender to US presidency is scary and yet, a perfect reflex of what north-american society is.
Hold up, read his actual quote:

&gt; When a reporter reminded Cruz it has been reported Dear made a comment about "baby parts" while being apprehended, Cruz retorted, "It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist. If that’s what he is, I don’t think it’s fair to blame on the rhetoric on the left. This is a murderer.”

Granted it's not the best thing to say, but this headline makes it sound like he's completely out of touch with reality when in fact he's trying to make a metaphor to show that just if this guy is/was a right-wing nutjob, that's no reason to blame the entire right wing.

Same thing goes for things like BLM, just because some of them have completely lost it (we have attempted shootings at U of C (or UIC? I'm still confused since the media screwed it up so many times), the weirdest harassing protests at the library, etc), doesn't mean that the entire movement of people are nutjobs.

That's really all he's saying here.  All we've exposed is some really bad abilities to communicate thoughts and a potentially ignorant thing to say in the spur of a debate, not necessarily a "I'm off the deep end" situation.

Still a defining moment in my view that he is not fit for president, but not completely insane.  Just that he's a complete dick with no diplomatic skills.
That 'whoosh' sound you're hearing is the point of Cruz's comments sailing over your head. Never happens on reddit but the headline is totally misleading and the comments are overheated and sanctimonious. Here's what he said to make the point that nobody should jump to conclusions until we know the facts as opposed to all the rumors:

“I think there’s been some vicious rhetoric on the left blaming those who are pro-life,” Cruz said according to audio from The Texas Tribune.

“It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist. If that’s what he is, I don’t think it’s fair to blame the rhetoric on the left. This is a murderer,” Cruz continued.

“We’ll find more about the facts of it, but I don’t think we should jump to conclusions until we know actually the facts of this individual,” Cruz added.
Is there a recording of him actually saying that? Because it wasn't in the video.
[This is my favorite blog post about Ted Cruz](http://abovethelaw.com/2013/09/harvard-law-should-start-giving-out-the-ted-cruz-award-to-the-most-annoying-student/). The first line just drills it. By the way, the gist of the story is widely substantiated, including by Harvard's own newspaper.
Let's do some research on Cruz's claims:

[This is likely where Cruz got his info regarding the shooter's gender](http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2015/11/court-records-colorado-planned-parenthood-shooter-not-republican-identifies-as-woman/). It's a right-wing blog. You decide if it's legitimate or not.

[This is where Cruz got the info on the shooter's party affiliation](http://www.coloradovoters.info/by_number/6010/10372_robert_lewis_dear.html). Oh, interesting. I get a 404. Either it's bad intel, a clerical error, or the site is covering their asses by abstaining from getting involved.

This has collusion between the right-wing politicians and right-wing publications written all over it. Surely we'll see other repubs echoing Cruz's statements; but I won't be surprised if more news comes out that this info is fraudulent and we get the right-wing renegging on their claims.
Does no one in this thread realize that this is his point? There's been a lot of stuff reported on the incident so we can't really jump to conclusions. He doesn't actually mean that's true, he's just saying it's possible based on the evidence, but that we shouldn't jump to conclusions.
I'm sure this was taken out of context by a mile. 
[Here's a short story you might be familiar with narrated by Ted Cruz to help you sleep at night.](https://youtu.be/0-4FQAov2xI?t=23s)
&gt;"The media promptly wants to blame him on the pro-life movement when at this point there’s very little evidence to indicate that"

Hole-e-shit....


I am confused. They show an video of Cruz talking, but nowhere in the video does he claim that it was a transgendered leftist activist.

WTF is even the point of having the damn video.
It's almost funny. These Republicans have to say increasingly outrageous things to both appeal to the old cranky people who will vote for them and also piss off the Democrats. That's what this is all about. I don't think a real person could possibly believe these things, but they're forced to become weird cartoon characters to appeal to their voting block. It's just so bizarre. 
The worst part is the media doesn't press hard on their dumbass responses.  
&gt;Asked if the shooting could be called an act of domestic terrorism — as former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee has — Cruz again urged caution about drawing conclusions from the shooting at this point.

"Look guys, we can't conclusively determine the percentage that he is or is not brown, so let's not be hasty and call this 'terrorism' just yet."
There is a real danger to Americans when people with big mouthpieces say things like this.

  Honestly, people are going to get hurt again if they keep it up.
So many usefully useless idiots in this thread it would be impossible to explain it to all of them. Libs are amazing propagamdists. No surprise thougj, they learn everything from moscow.
"Asked if the shooting could be called an act of domestic terrorism — as former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee has — Cruz again urged caution about drawing conclusions from the shooting at this point"

Havent they (Cruz &amp; Republicans) been critizing Clinton and Obama for not committing to the word twrrorism fast enough with respect to Benghazi?
The shooter may have been a lot of things, may have been a Nashville studio country music bassoon player or an Organic/GMO seed company vice president in charge of looking out the window... we don't know 
What I don't understand is; if the left supports Planded Parenthood, why would a "Leftest Activist" attack something which they would inherently support? Also, why are most members of the GOP allowed to make rediculous statements like this?
&gt;"that one officer lost his life is particularly tragic."    

Because the other people don't matter as much, interesting. Exactly what I'd expect to hear from the right.

The guy claimed on official records to identify as a woman. Why is everyone bashing Cruz (other than the fact that he's a conservative?)
&gt; Cruz: "...we’ll find out more out about the facts, but I don’t think we should jump to conclusions.”

OK.

&gt; "... he was reported as a transgendered leftist activist."

Er. OK.

&gt; Cruz rejected a potential connection between anti-abortion activism and the shooting, instead taking issue with "some vicious rhetoric on the left blaming those who are pro-life.”

I'm getting mixed signals here, congressman.
Third time I've seen this today. Too lazy to repost my retort, so I'll just [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/3uuoa2/ted_cruz_describes_alleged_planned_parenthood/cxhzsvv) it.

tl;dr: Cruz does not think this. He's saying you shouldn't believe something just because "it's reported".
Psychologically disturbed people are universal, why are people constantly trying to categorize them to such an extent. 
The shooter may have also been somebody exploiting the complete lack of gun regulation in America but of course that would be absurd
It looks like he was an [isolated hermit living in a mountain cabin with no electricity or running water](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3337420/Pictured-trench-coat-gunman-59-killed-three-including-hero-cop-injured-nine-opening-fire-Planned-Parenthood-clinic.html) my bet is he listens to Rush Limbaugh on a portable.
. . . . . . Where in that video did he actually say "transgendered leftist activist"?   

WTF is it with these clickbait lying titles of republican candidates?  
Sarcasm is really a lost art around these parts isn't it.
Politics is just say anything that your voters will want to hear, and it doesn't even matter.
Because it seems to me that Cruz was actually quoting another news article.
Yeah.  Probably not a christian right wing guy who loves his guns and his freedom... 
Holy crap people, he was making a point about the number and validity of "reports" on the shooter. Do people even context any more?
How stupid do you have to be to think EVERY EVIL THINGS is done by people who have all the characteristics of people you dislike/disagree with. Holy shit
There's "very little evidence" to indicate that he was a part of the anti-abortion movement? You mean, other than bringing a gun to an abortion clinic?
Or a right-wing Christian terrorist.
Colorado Shooter: Cruz may be my transgendered rightist hero.
Cue the fucking circle jerk.  Reddit as a whole, is a fucking moron.
Watch him shoot up in the polls.
Ted Cruz is like super-concentrated denial at a magnitude the world has never seen.
[And here... we... go...](https://media1.giphy.com/media/YPIrsRqqO7oB2/giphy.gif)
Um, I think Cruz is 0/3 on this one.
Does Cruz get his buzzwords from gifycat URLs?
He's a douche, but a clever douche. His followers will jump on this and propagate it. It will spread like the ebola virus in east Africa. 
Well in fairness it is more plausible than having been a Martian. 
&gt;It was a multiple murder of what appears to be a deranged individual  

As opposed to all those non-deranged terrorists...
Anyone may be or have been a transgendered leftist activist.
Why is this so hard to imagine? Katlyn Jenner is against gay marriage. This trans man may be against abortion.
That is one clever disguise.
It seems like he is trying to paint the shooter as mentally ill. Which I agree with (not that I think Transgender = mentally ill). He just doesn't want to admit that the shooter was one of the mentally ill people in his voting base.
Nice try, *Ted*.
So what is the final word on the weapon that was used?  I have not been able to confirm anything other than reports of something "AK-47 like".  

Also, it doesn't sound like the shooter had a history that would have prevented him from passing a background check.
He's secretly Nicholas Cage.
"It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist. If that’s what he is, I don’t think it’s fair to blame on the rhetoric on the left. This is a murderer.”

I immedietly respect this man more than most of the people here and on r/-politics.
&gt;It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist. If that’s what he is, I don’t think it’s fair to blame on the rhetoric on the left.

Hah. Bullshit. If that's the case, there will be no end to the hay he makes of that fact. 
Actually I think we should run with this. Totally out of spite because the shooter would hate it. Maybe this is how we can deal with the media and gunmen these days
Let's make transitioning between genders illegal! Surely that will stop this from ever happening again! 
[deleted]
&gt; Cruz has been perhaps the harshest critic of Planned Parenthood in the GOP field, especially after the release of undercover videos showing officials with the group discussing business practices. Cruz has referred to the organization as an "ongoing criminal enterprise," and he regularly promises to initiate a federal investigation into the group as one of his first acts in office if elected president.

Does this mean he has to be President before he can initiate a federal investigation?
[MR](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/50/67/62/5067628ce8c943f74eae574ebc824b62.jpg)
guys what if the colorado shooter was a dog [8]
he may have been the 2nd coming of jesus too, or a 9ft lizard alien who infiltrated our population, or maybe one of those things from They Live, and Roudy Roddy Piper would have been able to stop him had he not passed away, or maybe RRP isn't dead either. 
Also, why are most members of the Crusades family that killed many muslims once.
Bieber.. Then this guy... Why Canada why?!?!
He is not wrong, it is logically possible. 
I really hope this will turn out to be true, I know it won't, but the Ah Ha given to all those people pointing fingers the other way would be fucking hilarious.
No, I heard he was a trombonist vegan allergist with polylinguistic pro-soccer gluten sensitivities. 
Did anyone read the whole fucking story?
This is likely where Cruz got the info on the news tonight
Well he very well may have said that.  But the clip attached to the story doesn't show it. 
This reminds me of the 2011 Tucson shooting where Gabby Gifford's was shot. Prior to the attack, Sarah Palin's PAC website had targets on states she disagreed with (can't remember what about) and Gabby's state was one of them. Immediately following the shootings she tip-toed around the issue and immediately jumped to the conclusion it was an evil liberal that was responsible. Cause, y'know, that makes so much sense. Politicians refuse to take partial responsibility for the actions people take in response to their hate rhetoric. Fucking pussies, the lot of them!
What is the basis for his believing it? I guess I could see a mentally unbalanced transgender person being incensed to violence relatively easy, but why a Planned Parenthood? Did the supposed transgendered radical potentially feel that having gynocentric medical care was unfair because he wasn't born with a womb? Anything is possible, but I'd rather wait and see what they dig up on the shooter to make those calls.
The shooter may have been Ted Cruz and he may be saying this to cover himself.
Im sure he meant to say 'Left-handed transgendered'
Top kek
Didn't the state of Colorado have him registered to vote as a woman?   
Being Ted Cruz.
That's a very specific thing to speculate.
Why do they keep giving these utter lunatic idiots - like Cruz and that black jackass running for the Republican nomination, I forget his name - all this time and attention when they spew their insane bullshit? Don't we have better things to do? Seriously?
Canada, please take this man back.
So many levels of irony. From being the exact type of person that would be targeted by the shooter.To how the propaganda will be eaten up, just like the abortion clinic fetus sales videos. 


I think he's missing "commie" from that description. 
If it looks like a duck and quacks like a Republican to me.
Did you know that Cruz is actually 3 children standing on each other's shoulders?
I love the Israeli government.
The prince of Wales clip ravens wings...
If this had been a nazi/racist, the top comment would be something completely different.
If he was a transgender leftists and not a fox new propaganda victim then i am a hedgehog.
I like the parallels this gives with the muslims and the nut job ISIS murderers.

Some interesting perspectives.
As evidenced by Ted Cruz is a transgendered leftist activist, whatever that means.
Why does this subreddit bother with misleading  title flair. It fucking /r/nottheonion for a reason. 
"If somebody posted it on FreeRepublic, it has to be true."
Couldve been wild eyed psycho with guns....oh wait...
I feel like it's more likely that someone, either the guy who filled out the form, or the person who entered the data into the database made a mistake. As opposed to this bearded guy was a transgender person. I would imagine that if you're trying to come off as a woman you're pretty likely to keep a clean shaven face.
Was watching Anderson Cooper the other night and he showed a clip of the shooter in video court which is inside the jail mind you. He was wearing one of those suicide suites that looks like a bullet proof vest and Cooper pointed out that he was wearing a bullet proof vest. Made me crack up. 
Where is this shit coming from?
Ban shootings! 
Which Colorado shooter?
To be fair he was making a point that several possibilities had been suggested by local media accounts, and that we should not jump to conclusions until the full story was confirmed by a proper investigation. A couple examples of jumping to conclusions include calling the Aurora Shooter a tea party activist (he was not...he just happened to share the name of one) the clock kid being a genius inventor (found out he just took apart a store bought clock and passed it off as his own) so before everyone gets on the hate train at least listen to what he had to say in the entire context.
And Ted Cruz might have been a presidential candidate - the universe is full of unlikely possibilities.
Due to the nature of comments in this thread I will be torn apart for saying this. But I just have this strange feeling with no real evidence that someone put him up to this to help push their agenda. The timing was right given recent attacks. It just feels too orchestrated to me. 
It doesn't matter what the shooter's life was like. These are anomalies, not regular events that follow a pattern.

Stop making a big deal out of shootings. It isn't helpful in any capacity.
I don't think there is anything we can do to stem the tide of ignorance among our fellow citizens, neighbors and politicians. Therefore I am fully in support of chucking rocks at people who publicly think and say shit like this. I am absolutely ashamed of calling myself an American and fully understand the rest of the world's hatred of us as a country. 
The republicans in my town sent an invite for Cruz to come and speak. My mom, as a previously elected republican of my town, really hates her friends right now. 
Ted Cruz might be a closeted homosexual that gives blowjobs for oil futures. 
completely independent of anything, but ted cruz seems like the greasiest, most politicianiest politician i may have ever seen.  he's like the cartoon version of a politician.
He also *may* have been Ted Cruz. And yet, the person in custody has a completely different name.
Let's not jump to any conclusions, though
When did Ted Cruz stop being a lesbian ?
everyday...something new to amaze me. 
I stand with Cruz
Yea... I tune out anything where someone tries to convince me by saying that someone/something is leftist or rightist or whatever. Just give me the fucking facts, not your news network lingo.
This just in! Trump claims planned parenthood shooter may have been a space alien here on earth to damage his campaign.
They usually are Ted.  They usually are.
I don't blame pro life advocates.  I blame the lying fucks who slandered PP in their bullshit video, and secondarily, the politicians and loudmouth assholes who propagated that lie all over the place.
In this thread: people that don't like Ted Cruz are making comments that expose their vast stupidity.   

EDIT: Ted Cruz was taken out of context and the socialists/progressives/liberals/whatever you want to call yourselves here get all worked up about it and proceed to make themselves look like fools with their stupid comments.  Here is the whole quote:

https://www.texastribune.org/2015/11/29/cruz-condemns-planned-parenthood-shooting-colorado/


* When a reporter reminded Cruz it has been reported Dear made a comment about "baby parts" while being apprehended, Cruz retorted, "It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist. If that’s what he is, I don’t think it’s fair to blame on the rhetoric on the left. This is a murderer.”


I welcome your downvotes, you ignoramuses.  


I tend to vote Republican, but I can't stand this prick.
If you actually read the article, you will see that he is making his statement as an example of a conclusion drawn before all the facts are known.
Ted Cruz may pick up immigrants at Home Depot and make them choke him in the shower.
Cruz is an asshole
Its not terrorism since he didnt have brown skin. Fuck this asshole.
This is one of the most retarded things I've ever seen Cruz say, and the man already says a lot of retarded things.
As a trans woman, I resent being associated with a white christian terrorist.
honestly---i think cruz is the scariest of them all ---even more perhaps than  trump (and he is movie crazy)---cruz uses the flag and bible as a  weapon

Once again the left taking him out of context. This is truly disgusting. 
He's trying to deflect valid criticism away from positions that he and his supporters are very close to. It's a clearly flawed argument and a distraction.

&gt;When a reporter reminded Cruz it has been reported Dear made a comment about "baby parts" while being apprehended, Cruz retorted, "It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist. If that’s what he is, I don’t think it’s fair to blame on the rhetoric on the left. This is a murderer.”

Oh really? Reported by whom? Is it a credible news source?
This comment section...just as stupid as the article in question...
And Cruz is gaining ground. Mr Cruz;  The nut job that killed a war veteran a mother of two and a police officer that ice skates was not or does not have an identity crisis. He is a product of right wing christian rhetoric, promoted by "talk radio". Our country is in trouble if you are elected.
I'm surprised to WP is allowing Cruz to be heard.  All the mainstream (leftist), media I've seen have been dancing on the graves of the dead because they can say "the rhetoric from Republicans killed those people".  Either that or "See?  We need more gun control!".  They're pathetic.  And if this guy identified himself as a woman,  why isn't the left saying "she"?  Oh yeah.  Because that won't fit the evil white man anti-abortion  narrative.
Ah yes, make up any shit you want, pose it as a hypothetical and let let people think it. What an asshole.


Are the Republican canidates having a compitition to see who can sound crazier? 
Sadly, reports that Ted Cruz has a brain have proven to be false
Well he said it, now I wait for all the conservatives on FB to post about it and believe nothing else
The guy was a nut that rambled about "baby parts!"

He was everybody's local "live in a van down by the river" guy.
This was taken completely out of context 
Tumblr In Action
I just love how this dude talks at debates. Talking down to everyone, and he seems like he took the worst acting lessons. He easily comes off like an ass. 
This guy is a Senator? The system has failed.
These are signs of a desperate man. 
Are you people complete idiots? He's saying "don't jump to conclusions." Good Lord, no wonder I left the democrat party. 

Was he also a gluten-free, vegan atheist?
Yeah and Unicorns may ride go-karts on Mars.
Why aren't there throngs of people flicking boogers at this disgusting shell of a human being?  Seriously. calling this fuck a scumbag politican is an insult to scumbag politicians.
He's just afraid that if you put the shooter and Ted Cruz side by side you might not be able to tell the difference.
jesus christ. What a fucking idiot. 

It was three midgets in an overcoat. Next question. 
"Misleading Title" flair not appropriate here - it is literally the title.
...he just went full retard
As much as I hate to be defending Ted Cruz of all people first thing in the morning I don't really what's not the onion about this. He seems pretty level headed about the incident.

“I would call it a murder, and we’ll see what the facts are," Cruz replied. "It was a multiple murder of what appears to be a deranged individual. And it was horrific, it was evil, and we’ll find out more out about the facts, but I don’t think we should jump to conclusions.”

I cant really blame him for pointing out that the shooter appears not to be one of the anti abortion right wing nuts this time. The shooting was being spun within hours as "oh look at what the rights rhetoric has done again".
I don't care about the fact that you **can** laugh at someone's religious stupidity in the US.  The fact that more people **aren't** doing it proves this country is just terrible.

I totally understand the UK's mentality of, "Yes, you can identify as religious and that's okay, but no one actually believes in sky fairies or the supreme wizard, because we're all adult and therefore not stupid."

I totally do not understand our mentality of "I believe in sky faeries and the supreme wizard, and DARE call me stupid?!  I AM OUTRAGED!"

There's a common defense among apologetic atheists (I will clarify, I am not an atheist myself, I'm agnostic at best) which is "having religious beliefs doesn't make you stupid."  This is correct.  I do not argue that point. There are scholars out there who are Christian and contribute very meaningful findings to academia/industry/science. However, I would argue that having sincerely held religious beliefs that involve magic/miracles is an **indicator** that you're not one of the intellectually elite.  Correlation doesn't equal causation, but let's not forget about the correlation entirely.
 Ted Cruz: The creepy uncle of the gop delegates...LOL
It boggles my mind that the Republican party exists. This guy is actually running for president. 
And he may have also been a water buffalo. Doesn't change that he was an old white guy that shot up a clinic
Add socialist gay Muslim immigrant to that, and we have nearly everything the GOP is fighting against. 
Title is, of course, misleading.
It doesn't even... why would a 'leftist activist' do... ah, fuck, I can't even think about it. Good lord.
Wow.... o.O  he is just the fucking worst 
That's a pretty technical term for "a fucking moron".
The guy is a trans American. He wasn't even born in the US
Can we start a letter writing campaign where we all mail Ted Cruz letters that say:

Dear Senator Ted "Tinydick" Cruz,

Fuck. You. 

Sincerely,

________(your name)
Th shooter allegedly registered as a woman on his voter ID.  He was registered as an independent as well.. allegedly.  He also had a history of animal abuse and sexual harassment.  How can the media spin this man as Christian?  A man shouting Allah bu Akbar could mercy kill his teenage daughter and not get this much attention.
Did anyone actually read the full quote? I'm not a Ted Cruz fan but the quote felt more like an implication that we can't trust what Dear says. Yes he said "baby parts" but the he also registered as a transgendered leftist, the guy is clearly trying to obfuscate. 
Cruz is a joke and he is so hypocritical.
Ted Cruz may be a pedophile.
Aaaand he's officially gone the way of Palin. 
Apparently this guy also told people to put metal roofs on their houses to keep the US government from spying on them. Therefore, we could just as logically say that Edward Snowden and his anti-American rhetoric are to blame.

Or how about a crazy woman who tried to firebomb a protest outside of a Planned Parenthood? Is that a symptom of the violent anti-Life movement that needs to shut up for everyone's safety?

/s

Let's just wait and figure this out before we start demanding our opponents just shut up and go away.
2 euro for 30 minutes for a European country sounds reaally dubious. Just asked a greek friend who's into this type of recreation and apart from him asking me if I'm an idiot he said that the lowest he ever heard of was the 5e-10e methhead bj.
Once again, the conservative, sandwich-heavy portfolio pays off for the hungry investor.  
-Zoidberg
As a Greek citizen still staying in Athens I can assure you that this study is a joke.

Edit: My most upvoted comment is about prostitutes! Fantastic!
This is actually pretty depressing... :\
Female questioning something here... I can relate to how sad this is, and how desperate the people of Greece are at the moment. I hope it's not wrong but can I ask any person there this...

If women are surviving by turning to the sex industry, what do the men have to do to survive?
................."new study shows"................

So...? They walked up and asked one of the hookers?


These Black Friday deals are crazy. 
Should have gone to Jared.
Meanwhile, American teens will do it for Big Macs if Maury is to be believed.
It used to cost me a nice dinner. 
Why, yes, that is a gyro in my pocket!
"blow me then make me a sandwich!" 
"that costs double sir"
Hey honey, make me a sandwich.

"That will be two sex."
Why is reddit so positive about prostitution? Imagine if it was your daughter or mother. 
I don't get it. They are EU citizens. Why don't they just move to Germany or the UK, if they are that desperate?

By the way, can you really get a decent sandwich for $2.12 in Greece?
ITT: Redditors with their dicks in one hand and sandwiches in the other.
I have a pretty messed up sense of humor but this is sad. It's pretty messed up to have to whore yourself (literally) to eat.. it's bad enough when women in Hollywood do it for an acting Job but to literally have something to eat just takes it to a new low for a Man to not just say "Hey, let me just buy you a sandwhich or share one". 
Damn.  That's some Le Miserable-level suffering.
(NWS) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLwtMM4Hoac 

Expert Financial Analyst Doug Stanhope on the troubling economics of being a street hooker in a down economy.

Imagine what they would do for a Klondike Bar
There's some demographic genius going on in that word "young." It appeals enough to the reddit crowd to get big upvotes ("omg young Greek woman sex!"), and it also appeals to the sensibilities of the Washington Post's more morally conservative readers ("think of the children! Think of the future!"). 

In other words, it simultaneously plays 2 fiddles (and everyone gets played in the process). Its author should win a poetry award. 
You guys are really fucking funny, aren't you.
At least the Greek and EU banks are happy.  


Interestingly, at least as of 2012, a higher percentage of Americans reported being unable to afford food than Greeks [according to this Gallup poll](http://capreform.eu/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/OECD-food-insecurity.jpg).
I had to double check to make sure this wasn't a /r/SubredditSimulator post 
free-market at work here y'all, the proverbial invisible penis. 
This is really exaggerating, I live in Greece, we don't give it away for free. I don't know what studies like this are trying to achieve but at least try to make them plausible.
i often wonder about this...  when does economic collapse come to a point where people try returning to the land?

i think about the crushing poverty in west virginia and kentucky in the US.  what could be done to help people find self-sufficiency in small patches of land?

in greece, when women are selling sex for $2, you're not much ahead of monkeys really.  time to start thinking about returning to very minimal lifestyles -- living off the land with animals and simple crops.
If this was happening in my area, I would go around giving hookers sandwiches and asking nothing in return.
What is a cheese pie? I'd like one. But no sex will be offered in return. Sorry.
Just gotta get my Syrian passport then I'll be in Greece 
I have a feelig this is pure progapganda to smear dirt on syriza
There is nothing that makes me more sad in this world than women forced to sell themselves.  Especially if you get to know any and hear their stories...
I posit that I ponder where /r/imgoingtohellforthis is going on vacation...
Thought it said "young geek women" - dreams crushed yet again.
Reminds me of post-WWII Japan.
Holy shit
This type if stuff happened way before the crisis as well, i worry for my family
Sounds like it time to trek across Greece with a backpack full of sandwiches. 
I can guarantee you regret that choice. Just go get a sandwich instead.
Now I want a gyro. 
Six inch or footlong? 
It's pronounced 'yee-ro'.
&gt;...the sex on sale in Greece is some of the cheapest on offer in Europe.

I like Greece's new approach to attract tourists.
Everyone give a big welcome to the New Normal. Coming soon to an utterly unprepared community near you!

(If you really want to contemplate horror, imagine what's going to become of unwanted single young males in the future! Yay! It'll make what happens to the females look like preschool! Yay!)
It's Greece, so thats just the amount they tell the tax office.  
Man, talk about price gouging. 
I need to get to Greece.
I think that's called 'dating'.
time to move to Greece
Have some sympathy for these people who have to turn to prostitution to eat and survive. These jokes celebrating cheap prostitution and "get me to Greece ASAP" are in terrible terrible taste. The article said these are people between 17 and 20 mostly. Just kids. Just trying to survive and support their families in the worst economic climate in a century. For god's sake have some humanity please!!! 
that's horrible 
Damn, and my wife charged me a house, boat, car, two kids, alimony, my pension and she kept all our close family friends.
But see.

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2012/06/17/prostitutes-are-scapegoated-as-hiv-panic-grips-athens.html
Man where's Jared when you need him
[deleted]
Just found a new vacation spot!!!! :D
So now it is almost like buy one get 24 free, price wise.
I work all day and all I can afford is Top Ramen.
This isn't new.

During the German occupation of France in WWII, prostitution rates just shot up because of the rate at which inflation just rose during this time; more people also started reading more (as this is a fairly cheap form of entertainment) during this time as well.
&gt;The study comes after a shocking report last month of an unemployed Greek mother pimping her 12-year-old daughter to a priest and a retired man for money. ...

Yeesh.
"The study, which compiled data on more than 17,000 sex workers operating in ~~Greece~~ the US, found that ~~Greek~~ American women now dominate the country’s prostitution industry, replacing ~~Eastern European~~ Chinese and Korean women, and that the sex on sale in ~~Greece~~ the US is some of the cheapest on offer in ~~Europe~~ North America."

It's eerie…like staring into the future.


NSFW.  omfg this is $1000 anywhere in US. there, 120 eu (125 us right now) http://lovescort.gr/greece/carmen/
I mean, I've had some excellent sandwiches and some pretty bad sex before. Seems legit to me.
Don't worry we sent all those bastards that purposely committed fraud and caused the financial crisis to jail.

Ohh no wait, they're vacationing on the yachts they purchased with the livelihood of entire nations while you sell your body for lunch money.

- American Exceptionalism at work folks.

Edit: Bastard not bustard 
Edit 2:

Brought to you by Goldman Sachs

Greek debt crisis: Goldman Sachs could be sued for helping hide debts when it joined euro http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/greek-debt-crisis-goldman-sachs-could-be-sued-for-helping-country-hide-debts-when-it-joined-euro-10381926.html

Greece's large budget deficit was funded by running a large foreign financial surplus. As the inflow of money stopped during the crisis, reducing the foreign financial surplus, Greece was forced to reduce its budget deficit substantially. Countries facing such a sudden reversal in capital flows typically devalue their currencies to resume the inflow of capital; however, Greece was unable to do this, and so has instead suffered significant income (GDP) reduction, another form of devaluation.[12][13]
Wikipedia.

The crisis was precipitated by the illiquidity produced by the financial crisis. It is arguable and indeed probable that without the fraud of American banks Greece would be okay if not prosperous.

Edit 3.

I AM NOT blaming America. I didn't say it was Americas fault. I implied it was the fault of those bastard bankers AND that America has a moral obligation to put those assholes in jail. A moral obligation which it has failed to fulfill.

It's one thing to get screwed. It's entirely another to have the screwer floating on a yacht built of human suffering. Fuck those guys.



this is sad. i dont know about economics, but they may need to get out of EU so they can devalue their money? i thought china and usa do the same thing to their own.
great sex cost me a coach purse and a wallet.... 
whats wrong with women nowadays don't they know how to make a sandwich anymore 
Pussy is a buyers market in Greece.
...what kind of sandwich?
"Bye hun, I'm going down to the pub for a roast beef sandwich"
I wonder if they would be willing to avoid the middle man and just have sex in exchange for a sandwich. I know I would.
Well if the government doesn't know anything about economics, what makes you think the hookers do?
this comment section shows why nobody gives a shit about reddit anymore. 
this comment section shows why nobody gives a shit about reddit anymore. 
Why is it always priests molesting children? Can somebody explain this to me? 
This study underestimates the nutritional/price value of semen
Enjoy Socialism.
&gt;“Others [do it] to pay taxes, bills, for urgent expenses or a quick [drug] fix,”

Which is pretty much the reason most women prostitute themselves. The only story here is that you can get a cheap quicky in Greece. I think I'll stick to internet porn and Jimmy John's.
Could somebody please just post the names of the financial fraudsters who have consumed the lives and futures of billions at this point? A name, a face, an address? Then we don't need to wait for government to get involved; those who have had the most taken from them will step in and take back. 
&gt;Now, it’s fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session.

Honestly at that point you might as well make your chump change filling out online surveys or something. Would earn you around the same per hour
i know where im going for vacation now!
It's awful. I mean if someone were sleazy enough to do this. Would they get caught? 
...and I'm looking to marry a Greek woman. 

This is sad.
Starbucks at it again?
How much are flights from jfk to Greece? Asking for...a friend
she needs a 5 dollar foot long 


That's not even funny, that's just sad.
For all we know Greek sandwiches might cost 50 Euros.
Tourism is going to shoot way up now. Economy solved!
I've suddenly always wanted to visit Greece.
Damn, someone should have told Jared about this before he got into trouble.
Greek seems like it would be an excellent place for corporations to open factories seeing how desperate people would be for money. Very cheap labor.
Similarly, when the recession hit a few years back, suicide rates for European men spiked significantly.
I'm not sure why this is a shock?

You can generally tell how the economy of a region is doing by how attractive and how cheap their hookers are.

The worse the overall economy is, the more attractive and affordable the hookers tend to be.
Don't worry Greece can take thousands of refugees CNN told me so.
It was my understanding that crack addicted prostitutes will do that no matter what country their in. 

In the United States a hit of crack costs $2 so a $10 blowjob or what have you isn't a bad deal according to some peoples twisted crack addicted logic.
Absolutely horrible
What kind of sandwich?
That's a pretty good gig if you're struggling to feed yourself.  3 sexes a day and you've got yourself 3 meals at retail value, if you shop around you can probably feed yourself for the day on only 1 or two sexes. 
[deleted]
Is it a good sandwich at least?
Tuna?
I'd buy that for a dollar!   

Hell, for that price, I'll take a six pack!
Oh so Greece has a healthy tinder scene I see
$2.12 for 30 minutes? You can't even get a Micky D's happy meal for that -- Happy meal is closer to $5. 
damn those sandwiches must be expensive debt be crazy 
"some do it for the cheese pie"

I just don't know what to feel.
AMA Request
id let a girl suck my dick for a chipotle burrito. shit id let a girl suck my dick and buy her a burrito
Are Gyros really that good?
Whole new meaning to the term 5 dollar foot-long!
Was it a tuna sandwich?
Well what kind of sandwich are we talking here? If we're talking about trading a PB&amp;J for a BJ then that's pretty good, but a Hammy for a handy isn't a great deal

BRB booking a trip to Greece! 
I'll have the sandwich please, after she washed her hands.
Assapopulus would be proud!
Yeah, it was austerity that got them there. Do actual journalists exist anymore?
In Athens, basic encounter price is 10 euros in the area of Metaxourgio (which is considered a very low-quality(?) area for prostitution) and 20 euros in Filis. In Thessaloniki, the starting price is 30 euros and the more famous(?) prostitutes charge 40 euros. The price of 2 euros is unheard of. Although, rumors of 5 euro blowjobs from heroin addict prostitutes have been heard before, 2 euros for an hour with a Greek prostitute is ABSOLUTELY ridiculous and deffinately false. Also, Greek women absolutely DO NOT dominate the prostitution industry. I can assure you. 
I only clicked for the thumbnail, but there was no picture in the article. Am disappointed.
&gt;bender: You never went on a date with a guy just 'cause you were hungry?

&gt;leela: Well I, uh, I thought I might like him on a full stomach. 
If she makes me a sandwich then I will deliver.
Yeahh.. No .. 
Source : Greek , who just helped his friend get some strippers for a bachelor ( i know it's not the same , but it's kinda close))
i've always wanted to see parthenon.....
Well, that's one way to revitalize your tourism.
Well lucky for them I usually get two sandwiches...
$5 Footlong? Anyone?
[Here you go guy's](http://www.kayak.com/flight-routes/United-States-US0/Greece-GR0)
I wonder how many people on this thread have already booked their flight to Greece.
MOVING TO GREECE!!!!
predictable since 2008
It's weird to read an article like that and then see a bright picture of the author with a big smile on her face.
Probably not even enough to cover the fakalaki, fyi nothing oniony about this had i posted it, it woudl have been  removed
Sex for the price of a sandwich?

Wow, those must be some damn good sandwiches they've got over there...
How much could I get a pretty girl for?

To spend the night with me I mean.
I mean Jarred was paying only $5 per footlong to kids...
So anyone wanna move to Greece?
Damn I've only got change for a coffee 
They mean a gyro obviously.
Can I get a side of fries with that?
There's a joke here about Subway and Jared but I'm not clever enough to come up with it.
Diane Deane is just heartbroken about the death of her husband... most of here recent stories on most countries are disparaging... she'll come around.
Confusing romanian bulgarian and albanian women as greek.
That's funny. When I pointed this out, /r/europe said that I was being histrionic...
Holy shit... I think I would literally move to Greece right now if sex only costs 2 Euros!
A sandwich? That price is for suckers, I usually offer a half eaten sandwich and get the deed done.
I have to go to Greece!
Looks like demand for sex workers is aBout to boom in Greece with this article. 
Time to stock up on Subway.

&lt;insert obligatory Jared joke here&gt;
All in accordance with Dvorak's Law.

"The worse the economy, not only do the hookers get better looking, but they get cheaper."
Half n half for a BLT, full service for a Reuben!
Upper use tends to make sure this wasn't a /r/SubredditSimulator post
I'm thinking a 2 for the price of 1 deal would be well received 
Shades of the weimar republic.
Captain! Set a course for the Aegean!! 
dvorak's law
The price of low taxation. Is anyone really going to think that rich folks are incapable of committing any crime?
Hyperinflation is a nationwide chain in the last day or two.
In other news, tech starts ups by computer sci majors from Asia and the US are now all locating in Greece.
Upper use tends to make me do a very specific porn search to find that many prostitutes request even less that 5 euros.
What is this... "study" they speak of
I'd like to donate to the Snacks for Snatch program 
................."new study shows"................

So...? They walked up and asked one of the hookers?


Twist: sandwiches cost 420,000 dollars in greece. 
"Study"
Hmm. For a religious person, 2 or 3 Euros for sex is tempting. I'll just have to go to confession and purge my sins later.
Unless these girls have expensive taste in sandwiches this is a load of shit.
What kind of shitty sandwich is only 2 bucks?
I thought the most interesting part of this article was the statement that sexual content on the internet is hurting prostitution.
It's obviously NSFW with tons of brothel ads on the mountains near me can provide.
Luckily I can but I'm not sure where your going with this There are probably hundreds of those, you don't even need to know for uhh science and stuff.
I dont even know what I would do if I couldn't believe my luck.
Hell I could give her my Whopper for less than it would cost to buy a Whopper with my employee discount. THAT IS THE SHITTIEST THING EVER!
who conducted he study and how?
[deleted]
&gt;Gda McFadden said that a month after the hoax, a taxi man arrived at Balbriggan Garda station with a passenger who wouldn’t pay his fare. The passenger was Hammond and a garda at the station recognised his voice from the hoax call.

This sounds kinda like bullshit. I wonder if this guy ratted his buddy out on purpose and this is their cover story.
It's like when George had Jerry call in a bomb threat at Yankee Stadium to get Mr. Steinbrenner to leave.
He was drinking and taking "tablets" ...what are tablets?


https://i.imgur.com/nidjewb.png
This proves how much work sucks
Do people in America realize that there are in fact other countries in the world?
this guy is 20 and works for intell...im gonna go cut my self now... 
He looks like just the type to pull that kind of shit. He probably followed up with "It's just a prank, bro. Get a sense of humor."
On the upside, he doesn't have to worry about going to work anymore.
[deleted]
[deleted]
A sickie or a duvet day was required here
My favourite thing is that he got recognised by his voice in the taxi, where presumably he was speaking in his normal accent. Which means he made a bomb threat, claiming to be from IS, with an Irish accent. 
Where the hell did he find a pay phone?
&gt; Garda Eamonn McFadden said that at a “conservative estimate” the incident lost Intel 6,000 hours of production.

Jesus dude just say your car broke down like everyone else would.
We had a bomb threat at a company I worked for in Green Bay... Turns out an employee called it in for the same reason here. Just didn't wanna go to work. 

It's so George Costanza-ish.. It's not funny, but I still laugh at it. 

I actually liked the guy. Then he was fired and arrested and I never saw him again. 
Damn snitches. You pay them good money, and they turn on you just like that!
You would think people would realize this doesn't work...

http://www.thecrimson.com/article/2013/12/17/student-charged-bomb-threat/

/r/punchablefaces
That is so Thundergun!!!
&amp;gt; He paid his friend to make the call from a payphone outside Hammond’s home.

Hypothetically... there has got to be a smarter way to do this.
&gt; the incident lost Intel 6,000 hours of production.

Thanks 
-AMD
&gt;Gda McFadden said that a month after the hoax, a taxi man arrived at Balbriggan Garda station with a passenger who wouldn’t pay his fare. The passenger was Hammond and a garda at the station recognised his voice from the hoax call.

This is how he was caught.  A police officer recognized the voice of the friend because he refused to pay his cab fair.  No real police work, like finding out which Intel employees lived near the payphone.

&gt; that it had been a spontaneous decision and the only evidence against O’Neill were his own admissions.

This guy is stupid.  If you are guilty, DENY, DENY, DENY!  Even if they pull the "Your friend in the other room said it was your idea.  If you tell me the truth, I'll talk to the prosecutor and reduce your sentence" bullshit.  People are stupid.
Guy just wanted to stay home and play fallour on release, can't say I hadn't considered doing the same. 
Can't help but think of George Steinbrenner 
I've always thought this was the case with school bomb threats. The local high school has a bomb threat like every week and they evacuate the school for an hour or more. In my head I'm just thinking there's some kid like "Oh shoot I forgot that exam/assignment was due today! Better write a threatening note and leave it on the bathroom floor..."
Great idea right about now.....
I read it as "Man Pan-Fried... ...to avoid work"
Happened at my school not to long ago, these kids didn't want to go to school so they hacked a students twitter and sent bomb threats to the school. The worst part is we didn't even get school off.
How much do you pay a friend to hook it up?
Yes, of course, but I still laugh at it.
this works in high school!
Aaaaand you're fired.
This sounds like something Archers mom would (and kinda has) done
Sounds like he is friends with Frank Reynolds
He should of just had his friend bring in a homemade clock.
The passenger was Hammond and a half Tabs.
This actually happened in January of 2014.  [Source](http://www.herald.ie/news/man-charged-over-alleged-hoax-intel-call-31143890.html)

Along with being incredibly stupid, this guy is also Bad Luck Brian with the timing of it all

Edit: or the opposite of BLG.. Good luck Ryan?
Those guys should pay the bill for all of it. 

Using the fear of terrorism to avoid going do your work is beyond stupid and since they're not intelligent enough to understand it they should be put in jail for some time too.

Community service isn't even close to what's needed.
We have a real life George Costanza on our hands.
Why didn't he just make Microsoft Sam make that call
So why did you leave your last position?
Serious question: What are "tablets"?
I actually know someone who did this..... To get out of school.
Edit-I don't have proof or confirmation of the story.  Jusst something she's told me a few times


It was a clock.
Isn't this an episode in every sitcom ever?
That's a good judge; give him community service. 
Best line of the article:
&gt;“It is a very, very strange way to avoid going to work,” Judge Nolan said

Who gets the $15 Million here?
There's this other guy who tried to pull the same stunt to get the day off from his job as a bomb disposal technician but it didnt work.
[Reminds me of the smart kid who tried to skip his finals using Tor.](https://youtu.be/7G1LjQSYM5Q)

(long video -- it's at the beginning though)
If a civilian can do this, what stops real terrorists from doing it as well to distract the police force?
This is what happens when you don't have paid vacation / sick leave. It's a bit of an extreme example but the perfect one none the less.
How did someone that dumb land a job at Intel?
How much does that pay? Are they hiring?
Person1:  "I'm going to call into work and explain I'm not feeling well.  I'll take a sick day"

Person2:  "naaaa man, that shit isn't going to work, come up with a better plan!"

Person1:  "Perhaps you could call my work and pretend there is a bomb in the building?"

Person2:  "Now you are thinking!!  Let me walk out side to the payphone right across from your house."


ROFL... come on!!

Some of this shit I feel can't be real but god damn I'm proven wrong every time.
Those guys should pay the bill for all of it.
Using the fear of terrorism to avoid going do your work is beyond stupid and since they're not intelligent enough to understand it they should be put in jail for some time too.
Community service isn't even close to what's needed.
George? Jerry?
'taking tablets'
Edit: This blew up!
That's a true friend right there 
We use to do this to get out of school (I'm from Northern Ireland)
"Aaron O’Neill (20) had been out drinking and taking tablets with his friend Colin Hammond (21) when he decided he did not want to go in the next day."

I'm assuming the "tablets" that are mentioned are ecstasy...but i have never heard it being described like this.
A proper fucking dickhead. 
There was a real scholar in my small town that called a bomb threat into the airport to divert police so he could drive home drunk... He called from his cellphone.
That'll do it
 He couldn't have just brought a home made clock to work?
He looks like just the type to pull that kind of shit. He probably followed up with "It's just a prank, bro. Get a sense of humor."
He probably just wanted a few more hours in the Commonwealth. 
My wife works at that location.  They left the employees out in the rain for a few hours while they searched the buildings (not sure if dogs went into the cleanrooms or not).  Not to mention that traffic in our area was fecked for most of the day. 
This has been at least 20 years ago. I was working on a big construction job. The job had a lot of environmentalists protesting it on a weekly basis. Well, in the month of May there's a very popular car race that happens here too. So every Friday, during the month of May, when the weather was nice, and the race cars were practicing, someone would call in a bomb threat around noon.

We would have to leave the job site while the police would search for the bomb. Of course, no bomb was ever found. But, they had to tell the workers that even though a bomb wasn't found, we didn't have to go back to work if we were concerned for our safety.

Of course you know what the majority of construction workers did on a Friday, when told they didn't have to go to work. The bomb threats lasted through the month until the car race was over.
I feel like this is a pretty legitimate idea. No way this could ever go wrong
What a kind judge... they basically got away with a mild sentence because they are stupid.
Man... They could have used some more Intel on this...

How much do you pay a friend to hook it up?
This used to happen almost bi monthly at my high school. Can't begin to tell you how many "bomb threats" were sent in for a guaranteed day off.
He was probaby on some sort of warning or probabtion for missing too many days to restort to this.
Even more bizarre is that he only got caught because he refused to pay a cab fare and the cops recognized his voice?
So, two stupid people befriended each other? That's what I took away from the story.
I just can't believe he got away with "community service". Must be really rich
"Man, I really don't want to go into work."  
"You should call in sick."  
"No way, I live in America, everyone else in the world knows we don't have vacation days, let alone sick days. If I don't go to work my boss will *charge me* for the day"  
"Yeah, our American system is total garbage. If only there was a way to get out of working, without having to pay your boss."  
"That's it! I have an idea! You call work and tell them they need to close!"  
"Why would they close?"  
"Hmm. We would need some reason for them to close."  
"Well, it's not snowing heavily."  
"And even if it was, they wouldn't close. This is America, remember?!"  
"LOL! Right. OK. Maybe the building is on fire?"  
"That would work for a few minutes, but when they don't see the fire everyone will go back in."  
"So we need a reason to get everyone out, and keep them out for a very long time."  
"Obvious: Active Shooter. We have 15 of those every day, business as usual in America."  
"Same as the fire though, once they don't find a heavily-armed racist with good trigger discipline, they'll call everyone back in."  
"OK, so we need something that's hard to find."  
"That's it! We'll call in a bomb threat! They'll evacuate and spend *hours* searching for it."  
"Great idea! I can't use my cell because I don't have any minutes because I am so far in my American debt that I cannot afford to borrow any more."  
"We also live in the future, and the police have Caller-ID^TM and they'll be able to trace the call back to me."  
"We totally need a payphone. Those things are untraceable."  
"Good idea, there is one outside! OK, you call. Here are two American quarters -- the going rate is now 50 US cents for a local telephone call."  
"I can't call because as you can tell, my voice is messed up because of that throat infection I got last month and couldn't treat in our American medical system because I could not pay the fee to speak with a triage nurse."  
"OK. Wait here."

[15 minutes later, 50 cops roll up outside]

"Great, I guess I won't have to go into work any more."

Edit: Spelling
This happened in NYC too!

http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Fake-Emergency-911-Hoax-Call-EMT-Arrest-New-York-Brooklyn-Queens-Medina-331702831.html

In NYC an EMT made a hoax report to 911 get out of  traveling to the borough of 
Brooklyn from Queens borough that his crew was ordered to go to. His fake call had a closer address to the location that his crew was stationed.  
They caught him on video making the call to 911 and worse the call just were directed to another crew and his crew were ultimately sent to a different closer location for a different call, while still another crew took care of Brooklyn call. It seems stupidity like this is normal. That's a bit sad.     

[edit]
oh and in NYC there are 5 boroughs{Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx, and Staten Island} which is basically like having a 5 small counties shoved into one city. 

Was his name George Costanza?
Is tablet a European way of saying pills? I find that odd because in USA they would say what it was speed, mdma etc. They wouldn't just say pills.
He just wanted to play fallout 4 for a couple more days.
I don't usually advocate ass beatings, but he needs his ass beat
" “You will not find them. This is a warning, we’re everywhere now,” Hammond told emergency services. When asked who was making the call, he replied: “Islamic State.” "
The cute ones are always so dumb. And this guy is movie star good-looking.
Dude just wanted to play some Fallout.
"It's just a prank bro!"
He looks like just the type to pull that kind of shit. He probably followed up with "It's just a prank, bro. Get a sense of humor."
I had a friend pay me to make out with his gf so he could dump her and not be the bad guy. She was smoking hot too. 
Cos he wanted to play fallout 4 instead?
r/ayymd is gonna laugh at this
What kind of tablet he took? Must be an Android tablet.
not from UK wtf is a Tablet? you guys eating ipads over there or what.
TIL in Ireland they call pingers 'tablets'. Weird. 
/r/titlegore 
He was drinking and taking "tablets" ...what are tablets?


I live in Thunder Bay.  I hope the police don't overreact and start charging people for possession of a dangerous weapon.  Our winter is just getting started...
A snowbrush. Are you fucking serious? It's a small wooden stick with bristles, how scary could it be?

I read this thinking Apple store.
The only thing that stops a bad guy with a snow brush is a good guy with a snow brush. 
This is the most Canadian robbery I've ever heard about... A fucking snowbrush too, that doesn't even make sense. 
Not how I wanted to find my hometown on Reddit, but I shouldn't have expected any better. Mac's stores here have been robbed with everything from syringes, hammers, to tree branches. 

I fully believe in 2015 you can rob a store with anything if you are threatening enough with it.  

Like walk into a store and pick up a bag of apples.  Now go up the cashier and demand they give you money or you will start assaulting her with the bag of apples.  

Retail employees are trained to just hand over the money and call the police.  
Thunder Bay here. Started reading the title and said "Sounds like something that woul..... oh hey tbnewswatch" Good ol' Thunder Bay... keep it classy 
It doesn't help that Mac's stores carry a zero tolerance policy for fighting back in a robbery situation,  a few years ago in the same city, same franchise there was an instance of a store clerk jumping over the counter and beating the crap out of the robber after they threatened the clerk.  Needless to say that clerk was immediately fired for not handing over the cash.  
We need to sweep the streets of these crimes 
Mac's employees must be pretty Couche Tarded to fall for that. 
He's sure to have a *brush* with the law.
Please don't be Canada, please don't be Canada...

Canada.  Dammit.
I miss living in Thunder Bay..(not really)
Next thing you know he will be hitting snow banks with a shovel.
Holy shit. I used to buy cigarettes from the Cumberland Street location. The man and woman running the place are the nicest people you'll ever meet.  I can't believ they were robbed.
Every job I've ever had which involved a register, trained me to do the same thing. If a little old lady wants me to empty the till into a bag for her, I will.  The money is insured, and the cameras are rolling. Priority one is to get the potentially dangerous person out of the store, so you can lock it and call the police. 
I told you guys that a Snowbrush Registry wouldn't reduce snowbrush crime. I bet that's an illegal snowbrush smuggled in from Norway.

[deleted]
Remember folks, anything can be considered a dangerous weapon, if used in a threatening manner! Roll of coins, magazine (think Bourne Identity), mug of coffee... smacked in the side of the head with the end of that handle, you could 'find' the floor in a hurry!... but yes, very Canadian crime!
Canada is such a glorious country. Reminds me of that robber with the hockey stick from last year (last year?) 
And if you dont give me what I want, I'll brush THE SNOW OFF EVERY DAMNED CAR IN THIS LOT

I SWEAR

Random Bystander: "HE's CRAZY, DON'T MAKE HIM DO IT"
Two more and it's a sweep.
I'm sorry but if you successfully rob two separate stores with nothing other than a giant toothbrush you fucknig deserve that money.
I read this title as,  "Suspect allegedly robs two Mac stores". Here I am imagining some white guy with black plastic frames robbing a store full of Justin Longs.
But what a name... "Thunder Bay." Puts many other town names to shame.
[deleted]
You see? This is why strict gun laws are pointless. Take the guns away, and the bad guys will just start using snowbrushes instead.
"Take your time, I'm in snowbrush."

Is it Freeze?
It's like One piece (4kids ver.) , They change the gun into shovel.
I mean, the scraper could have been sharp, right?
must have happened in a "snowbrush free" zone
As a Canadian I've never felt so at home as I did reading that title.
As soon as I read the headline I thought.. this has to be in Canada.  Coming from a Canadian.
I knew this happened in Canada as soon as I read the title. 
"The suspect is to be considered armed and dangerous"... 

sure.
'allegedly' 
For the love of God when will they finally end this madness and ban all  snow brushes?!?! 
meth is one hell of a drug
He's a digressive serial robber. He robs convenience stores with increasingly less threatening weapons, until his world comes crumbling down around him.
Hahah I lived across the street from the pictured store. It gets robbed all the time and the weapons are usually pretty creative.
I saw "TB news" and immediately thought it was Tampa Bay because this seems like a story for Florida man.  Kind of made sense too because perhaps that the clerk had never seen a snowbrush before in FL, and he thought it was some kind of dangerous weapon.
You could say... He wiped the place clean...
Are you fucking kidding me
Rumor has it the clerk told the robber to "have a nice day" when he exited the building...
I worked at a convenience store for a while back when gas was under $1, and a part of training is "give them the money in your register and don't argue."

Every time you've got over $150 in your drawer (or whenever you have more than a couple of $20s) you make a safe drop, so you should never have more than $50-100 in your drawer.  Not worth getting hurt over.

So, if you came into the store and just said "empty the register into a bag" I'd do it.  Once you were out of the store I'd hit the silent alarm, and that was it.

Nobody wants to clean up blood.  Nobody wants to deal with the "someone got shot in this store" paperwork.

A snow brush is more of a weapon than is generally required to rob a store.  

And from what I understand from my aunt who worked as a bank teller for about a decade, banks are the same way.
Canadian Crime we prepared to scrape the ice and snow off our getaway skidoo
Hey, I've got one of those! Man, I'm going to make so much money.
We won't have macs/couche tards for much longer. Their parent company circle k will start rebranding all the stores. 
Cashier could have easily had a brush with death.
BAN ASSAULT SNOWBRUSHES!!!
Unfortunately he managed to brush away all resistance
Only in Canada.
Okay dude, we get it, "winter is coming". Take whatever you want, I'm not even supposed to be here today.
Yay my hometown finally got on reddit.
My home town is Thunder Bay.  Can confirm this kind of stuff happens a lot.  
Gotta love my hometown... This doesn't surprise me.
Wooo hometown made the frontpage!......Oh, for another robbery :/
Proudly from T-Bay...
Gotta love these Thunder Bay is a common misconception.
Circle K*

 ^^No ^^one ^^will ^^get ^^this.
Thunder bay no shock there. Literally the only city in this country I genuinely did not feel safe walking around after dark. It's the Canadian version of Detroit. 
Take a step back and see that this headline is not the least bit "Oniony" (rule 2). This subreddit has become /r/postyouroffbeatheadlinehere.
What
Fargo, season 3.
Canada of course...
he can still shank the shopkeeper with those bristles man
It's that time of year again
Fuck that guy, he needs to bring in a bowling ball or he's just not trying.
He brushed my car off on his way out and asked to borrow it instead of stealing
lol this is too Canadian for me... and I'm Canadian...
I'm too hungover for this shit right now.
Well that's just fucking lazy.
You just can't brush off that kind of threat.
That's a pretty good disguise. He doesn't look shifty but at the same time you can't tell the cops he's anything but a white male 
This just proves that restricting assault rifles is not the answer - criminals will always find a way /s
When snowbrushes are outlawed, only outlaws will have snowbrushes.
inb4 the commedians make jokes about banning snowbrushes
For americans, Mac's is a convenience store chain that has recently been bought by Circle K and are changing their name soon.
Canada,  Fuck yeah. 
Having worked in retail I'm sure the cashier just let him have it because they don't pay them enough to deal with that bullshit.
A small town I used to live in had two banks robbed in the same month by a guy with a bbq spatula.
Once I read 'snowbrush" I knew this had to be in Canada.
Maybe this some test, like that thing where hackers hack into a company's site to show vulnerabilities. They might want to hire this guy or at least discuss the risk involved with snow brush use.
What
How is this "oniony?" Do any of you people actually read The Onion?
That's when you have to comply. If someone tries to rob you with a snow brush, you know they Cray
I guess he really needed the money...thats a frugal weapon
Seriously why is it so easy for people to get snowbrushes??!!
Knew this was about somewhere in Canada before opening the link.
I love the video at the bottom. In the most serious voice she says, "The suspect is considered armed and dangerous!"
America's worst nightmare. 
When I worked there was just a little extra dough.
At some point you gotta worry that Canadian things will start to drift out into the world and do horrible. You know.. something oddball like an Inuit band with only 5 to 12 year olds armed with 30-0-30's herding 3400 Porcupine Caribou down from near Baffin Island through Quebec, and Ontario then Buffalo to trash the place. Its not likely but what's to stop them now that they know you can hold up a Mac's with a snowbrush?
If I were the mayor, I'd believe that the police will over-react by scrutinizing the people brushing away their snow in their front driveways. I'd try to contact vendors to see if the city can subsidize a bright-colored snowbrush to lessen the suspicion for police and likeliness to bring up the topic for citizens when they see one at HomeDepot or something. This is an incident that can lead up to a lot of trouble.
Maybe Mac just needs some insurance money for a chain losing 1000 euros one day is better than a lot of cash in a store I even had to remind people to remove their balaclavas to avoid being confused with robbers.
You work in a convenience store. How much loyalty do you have to a store that doesn't pay you much? You probably rob it with something less than a stick.
You know when Thunder Bay makes it to the front page of Reddit, it's A: For something bad, or B: For something that would only happen in TBay.
If someone "robs" you with a snow brush, then the real story is that you just gave away money and merchandise. What are you going to tell the cops? "Well, he *really* insisted."
That's the weirdest looking Apple store I've ever seen.
After playing Fallout 4, snowbrush = 2 wood, 1 plastic.
Pretty sure I would have just laughed and if pressed beat the everloving shit out of him.
I dunno about these comments, if someone's crazy enough to rob a place with a snowbrush, I don't know what else they're capable of. Who knows what's going on in their mind lol.
Fuck it. The guy deserves whatever he managed to steal.
That's when you have to comply. If someone tries to rob you with a snow brush, you know they Cray
Hopefully this doesn't get swept under the rug. 
Classic Thunder Bay. LoL
Thunder Bay gets a shit reputation because of a very, very small minority of assholes.  Our town kicks so much ass if you know how to find it.  We have an amazing food scene, fun bar crowds that differ from location to location and the outdoor activities are legendary just to name a few.   Anyone who lives here and complains is a cunt.    
Really in the face.
Didn't even need to read the article to know that this was a Canadian new story. 
&gt;The suspect is described as standing between 5-foot-8 and 5-foot-10, weighing about 170 pounds and was wearing a beige hat, a dark SPY Optics hoodie, dark pants and sunglasses.

Apparently, his gender and ethnicity isn't worth mentioning.
Not sure how mac's is insured. They are continuously robbed in tbay. Can be rectified if they just had a walk up window like a drive thru.
If you want a ghetto in your neighborhood  just open up a macs. Seriously look at the trend.
Lol I hope the cashier just laughed at him until he backed down
Nothing says "fuck this I don't get paid enough" than this article. 
Daaaang, I live down the street from this store! Something has finally put Thunder Bay on the map! 
My hometown is famous!!
From now on all snow /ice scrappers sold in Thunder Bay must be bright orange so they can not be mistaken as a firearm.
I first read the title as saying, "toothbrush". 
Plot twist: the clerk was frosty the snowperson. (see how pc I am)
To all that suggest insurance will cover it - **HOW DO YOU INSURE A FLUCTUATING  BALANCE OF CASH???** 

If you can't prove exactly how much cash was taken, you have no claim, period. Too much room for fraudulent claims. I really doubt the insurance companies even offer any kind of coverage for cash in a till in a place that's prone to stick-ups. 
He had a gun or knife.
There's the Canada I know and love. No offense, but there's a reason we Americans think that you're just as crazy as you think we are.
is it a snow brush or a wire brush? 
if it were a wire brush, I totally  understand why that could be considered a weapon.
Give me all the money! Or I'll comb your hair!
I'm not sure why I laughed as much as I did.
Am I the only person from the West coast who thought "Mac's" was going to be an Apple store? And had never heard of a snow brush before?
Great. Now I won't be able to bring my snow brush on the plane with me. 
Why even bother with a brush? Them cucks would give you all the money AND a blowjob, as long as you ask assertively.
That seems like the most passive robbery ever. He walks out at a normal pace, barely is holding the snow brush like maybe I'll poke you with it. The store clerk seems non-concerned as well. 
"Suspect should be considered armed and dangerous."

O.o
The only reasonable response is to ban snowbrushes.  
As a person from Florida i have no clue what the fuck a snowbrush is.
I ❤ TBay
To anyone wondering this macs robbery shit is almost a weekly occurance here...  This town is getting brutal.  Everyone is hooked on methadone and is out with a vengeance.  
Apple stores have really gone down hill. 
Is it weird that I'm super excited that my hometown made the front page for something as shitty as this?
Obviously the only city in this city.
They said he was "armed and dangerous" lmfao.
A few years back someone robbed a Macs store in TBay, the clerk fought back and was promptly fired for breaking corporate policy which states they are to comply with the robber's requests and then call police.
Since then it's been a gong show, Macs stores are a free for all as any would be robbers know they'll get no resistance.
I'm sure this is the reason he got away using a friggin snow brush, he new it would be successful and I'm half convinced he did it more for the publicity than the money.
It's way too easy to get your hands on a deadly weapon on this country.
How *the fuck* did that work twice?
Ok, so like...open up the register and give me all the money, eh.  Don't make me use this!
I can't even use the knife he used to buy cigarettes from the pictured store.
I'm going to Canada with dog poo on a stick i expect to become a crime boss and gain infamy through out Canada. &gt;:( i will rule them all.
a few years ago someone in tbay robbed a Mac's with a stick/twig.  I can't find article because it's probably buried among thousands of news items about a Mac's being robbed.  Anyway, it looked like the guy just snapped a small branch off a tree outside of the store.
I thought the title meant an Apple Store...
At my local Apple Dealers, [we don't fuck around.](https://youtu.be/ETgsMuFbM-Q)

We chased this bastard that robbed the place with a razor knife several blocks. It was fuckin hilarious. Customers (that's me entering from bottom left to right, face pretty much hidden by the subtitles) chasing him, even people that were just walking on the street entering the chase. It even involved a getaway car that drove over several people's lawns to escape us. 

Cops nabbed them at their hideout before I even got back to the store.

At one point in the chase, I picked up a perfect rock to bean someone in the head. I was thinking man, I haven't had the chance to hit someone with a rock since I was a kid! I was a pretty good shot! But he stopped and spun around saying "Look what I got!" I thought it was a gun so I dropped the rock. When I saw it was just the knife I said "Motherfucker!" and continued chasing him. I missed the chance to relive part of my childhood, haha.
[deleted]
Not quite how I wanted my hometown to pop up on reddit.
I don't understand how he could do this without an appointment. Who's the genius now, Apple?
Wow Thunder Bay. It was a snow brush, not a gun or knife. Glad I moved away from Thunder Bay.
This is so Canadian it Hurts...  Im in TBAY, we Lol'ed.

Mac stores get robbed literally every day and age of electronic debit and credit sales the clerk had never seen a snowbrush before in FL, and he got stabbed If the robber after they threatened the clerk.
My home town ladies and gentlemen, I'll see myself out.
Live in Texas.  I though this guys robed an Apple Store
Hunter S. Thompson's retarded brother can't afford drugs or guns. Resorts to this.
So who is this Mac and why do his store get robbed so often?
This would never work at an apple store, they don't have windows.
They had a corner in West Palm Beach that they couldn't get the crack dealers to stay away from, every time they arrested them new ones would come in and start selling crack like 2 minutes later, so they set up a loudspeaker on the roof across the street that played Mozart and Beethoven and shit 24/7, the crack dealers couldn't take it, LOL, they all had to find new corners :(
I was homeless for a while. It convinced me that people aren't homeless because they're crazy, they're crazy because they're homeless. There's nowhere to sleep.
It is seriously annoying, I had to pick up some friends from the station and 10 minutes of waiting made me want to abandon them and kill whoever invented bagpipes.   
&gt;But resident Aron Kennedy who recorded the music said: "The only way I can describe it is like how people are held at Guantanamo Bay."

Literally
I've got sympathy for the homeless, but I'd definitely not want them sleeping on my front lawn.
Last I heard, the prisoners at Gitmo weren't allowed to just walk away from their waterboarding sessions.
People who don't mind the homeless don't live within close proximity to where homeless people sleep/congregate, total NIMBYism
Maybe I'm missing something, but how is this inhumane?
The AARP headquarters in DC does something similar, but it's with a chirping machine. I live across the street from their office, and it's really frustrating. They have benches out front, but seem to think they should only be used by people who work in the area, not those who live in the area. This also isn't in the middle of nowhere. It's in the middle of the city, a block away from the Verizon Center (where the basketball and hockey teams play, and most big-name concerts are held).
Our music brings joy. 
You know, if we'd get serious about helping these folks instead of attacking them, we'd all be better off...as a person, and a country.
When I was 2 y.o. im told my favourite sound on the planet was The Chipmunks covering 'My Sharona'. We had the album. Id be sleeping like a Baby at Bournemouth
http://imgur.com/oAKKHIZ
http://youtu.be/-SeVpY8Pxx4
Reminded me of this....
I'm guessing Guantanamo bay is a bit more inconvenient when trying to sleep. 
I don't think it's cruel. I shouldn't have to walk past 20 dangerous looking drug users slumped against a wall to catch a bus. Single women use this station - they have the right to not feel like they are in danger. I hear this same kind of outcry when private businesses put stuff infront of their door so people can't sleep there but I am willing to bet 99% of people upset with this would be less than happy to have to step over piss and shit and empty syringes every time they come home.

Of course there has to be some middle ground - you can't make it so they have nowhere to sleep at all and make it illegal for people to sleep in cars and stuff like that... I have sympathy for the homeless but like most people I want to feel safe when I am out in the city. The reality is that we have to step up as tax payers and build more shelters, and that we need to fix the broken laws that make it so insane people who aren't a danger to others can be committed. The vast majority of homeless people have mental problems and these people are never going to be able to take care of themselves in most cases. We need to bring back mental institutions as any amount this costs in taxes is a drop in the bucket compared to what cities with big homeless problems spend on extra cops and emergency services for them.
Just out of interest where are homeless people actually meant to go?
Is a 'coach station' equivalent to a bus station in the US? 

In any event, I don't really see how this is cruel. It's no secret that homeless people can be mentally ill or dangerous, and this is a place of public transportation that's taking measures to make its passengers feel safer.

I'm sympathetic to the homeless, but pretending like this is some sort of personal vendetta and not just a safety precaution is off base, I feel. It's like the big kerfuffle over the ['anti-homeless spikes'](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jul/23/anti-homeless-spikes-inhumane-defensive-architecture) which might seem barbaric at first glance until you realize these are people's homes and they don't want to take the chance that the homeless person crashing just outside their front door is a drug addict, mentally ill, or otherwise  violent.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
What do you think would keep all these homeless people away for good? What is the one thing that would really help HOMEless people. What is something we could give HOMEless people that would make them, ya know, not HOMEless. 
I thought they meant the rapper
A fate worse than death
I think I'd prefer the homeless spikes
As an American, I find the term "Rough Sleeping" to be hilarious when thought of out of context.

They just don't want people to have a rough sleep, so they're trying to play music to help them out, but they're making the wrong choices.
What an odd title for an article. Not sure why they added 'cruel' so awkwardly.
There's a gas station by my college that plays classical music outside because it "keeps the riff raff away." 
I could probably sleep through that

I'd take it as a challenge 
Can anyone help me understand the article? I seriously fall short of understanding it. I feel I'm missing something. Could it be because of the horribly disfigured grammar?
I live in a working class area of a city. The residents all mind their own business but theres always an issue of whinos, homeless people, thugs, and junkies pissing and shitting and sleeping on my block. My neighbor especially had this issue of his front door being a hangout spot becausep its pushed in so that people can stand there and hide from the elements. A few years ago he started playing shitty pop music really loud after 11pm and he didnt have that issue anymore.
 Turns out bad boys dont like having to talk over justin beiber.
Not cruel at all, if it were my store I wouldnt want homeless people sleeping outside of it. 
You don't have to live like a refugee. https://soundcloud.com/alvin-thechipmunkson16sp/refugee
There used to be a corner like that in Denver at 22nd &amp; Lawrence where all the crackheads would hang out and they blasted the looney tunes song all day.  
Also, a lot of drunks and addicts congrigrate around the Asda carpark which can also be quite a problem. I know of a friend who almost had their backpack stolen because they where after his money and he just did the British 'Walk past and dont make eye contact'
They might as well play *Kill the poor* - Dead Kennedys 
&gt; Chipmunks music played ~~to deter homeless sleepers~~ 'cruel'

FTFY
This is hilarious
Hey you know what really sucks? 

Having to deal with people sleeping where they arent allowed to sleep, its a major pain in the dick.


Or may be just stop wasting money in other peoples wars and try to house your homeless.

I am no wizard but it sounds too perfect and logical. I am sure I missed something hence the politicians not doing it.
The younger woman in the video is impossible to understand
That's fucking horrible.  I'm currently homeless and one of the places I crash is owned by an old man who plays his TV at the maximum volume all day and all night nonstop.  It's more than enough to make you want to kill yourself ... Especially when the only viable floor space is right in front of the TV, so that's where I sleep.  On nights I'm lucky enough to be allowed in.
Everything is 'cruel' when you're as sensitive as a fat swollen clitoris.
hilarious. and a brilliant idea.
Let's hope by next week they have the greatest number of deaf homeless people sleeping there in the whole country.
This is a hilarious and good idea.
Good old Bournemouth, really makes me feel proud as a resident. At least they have changed it for festive chipmunks, in january it will be back to bagpipes
I was in Target yesterday and they were playing some horrible teen pop song about how great America is. I thought to myself, "why don't we just play this 24/7 in ISIS controlled territory?" They'll scurry away like rats.
Maybe all the "rough sleepers" should be given awards?
Oh look my home town on reddit! 

... Drugs and homeless... god it.
Late to the party so I'm pretty sure no one will see this, but I have to add. The first thing I thought of was that this seems like similar tactics to pigeon spikes (found on buildings so pigeons can land or roost) but for people in an auditory fashion. 
You see that cash motto ting you got right there
Why dont they "scheme" together a return to society outreach program. Dickheads.
The ad on that site was so loud it scared my dogs
Damn Alvin
AAALVIN!
in Philadelphia we had the cops shine their lights at us, sound their sirens, or honk their horn before sun rise.
Ear plugs are the answer to everything.
OH I bet the coach station patrons are just loving this.
Chipmunks music played for any reason is cruel.
I've actually been to bournemouth coach station at 5am. There wasn't music playing at that time, but all the homeless people were round the corner in the asda car park anyway
"Rough sleepers"? You mean homeless people? People without anywhere to sleep?
&gt;"The only way I can describe it is like how people are held at Guantanamo Bay."

Really? No one is forcing them to sleep at the train station, they are free to come and go as they please. So tired of these bleeding heart liberals looking for a greenlight on anything to be offended by.
"Anti-social behaviour"

I didn't realize homelessness was anti-social behavior. How dare they not have a safe place to sleep at night, can't they just be a bit more social?
I'm from there! It use to be bagpipes.. now its this..
There has been some 'abuse' from the homeless who have got quite aggressive with their begging for money as such. It's a shame they are homeless, and really the council should be doing more to make sure they have food and a warm place to stay and get them out of being homeless.
Just like waterboarding, wow lol. 

It's not like you can't sleep fifty feet away when the world is your mattress. 
It's not enough your life sucks enough you're sleeping on a bus bench with no covering or anything, and then the city you're trying to fucking survive in plays this music to drive you crazy, I just... hate this planet.
Deter "anti-social behavior".  "You keep using that word.  I don't think it means what you think it means."
Is it weird if I actually like it?
Guantanamo Bay isn't nearly as awful as I was led to believe. 
Maybe I'm missing something, but how is this inhumane?
This crap drives me crazy. As if homeless people don't have enough to worry about without you harassing them. God forbid those filthy people should have a place to sleep!

&gt;Truly, I say to you, as you did it to one of the least of these my brethren, you did it to me.’
Fucking sick. Labelling the Homeless as "anti-social."
[deleted]
Good on them for that!
that's just cruel
Homeless lives MATTER. 
There are so many naive people in this thread. "Why don't we just uhhhh I don't know, GIVE THE HOMELESS PEOPLE HOMES?! IT'S SO SIMPLE! STUPID POLITICIANS!" Yeah, and then we can give all the hungry kids in Africa food, and then we can go wipe out ISIS too. I mean, it's so simple. If people are hungry then FOOD will make them less hungry! And ISIS is a bad group right? Let's kill them because we don't like bad people! 
Well I guess it's better than shooting them for the crime of being unarmed
&gt;“But the county’s prime ministers are changing so often, it’s no longer a good indication of their mental status.”

&gt;He claimed a patient had once responded “I haven’t watched the news today”, after being asked the question.

Awwww…
The Japanese definitely couldn't use this question. 

They had seven different PMs from two different parties from 2000-2010
Britain largely stopped doing it after Thatcher got forced out as John Major was far less memorable.
"Who is the prime minister?"

"A cunt"

"Yeah, patient is alert"
Wow... I actually thought to myself "Well, it's Tony Abbot, how hard is that question really?".

It took me a few minutes to realise my mistake.

I guess they have a point.
I've stopped asking who the president is when I do assessments, because I don't have time for the rant that accompanies it 50 percent of the time.

I get it, you don't like him.... that isn't why I'm asking.
Mum from UK visiting me in the US had a nasty tumble and ended up in E.R.  

Doc to mum: "Who's the president?"

Mum: "Oh, I know this, hand on, it's that black fella isn't it? errrr..." 

Me: "Try asking her who the Prime Minister of England is"

*edit. this was a few years ago, before Trudeau

Doc: "She needs to answer"

Me: "Do you know the Prime Minister of Canada?"

Doc: "Oh, I see what you mean".
Typically I follow world politics but I really have no idea what the shit's happening in Australia. 
I thought it was more because it was depressing...
“But the county’s prime ministers are changing so often, it’s no longer a good indication of their mental status.”

Australia is apparently a county.
Pffft... Amateurs... Argentina had five presidents in a week back in 2001.
Shit, come to think of it, if someone asked me on the spot to answer with the first thing I thought of, if blurt out that bush is the president and that the year is 2014.  Yeah...  I dunno either.
As a health practitioner in Australia I can say that we have avoided this as well.
Can confirm the confusion. I had a head injury the day Julia Gillard toppled Kevin Rudd and was confused to find out that "Kevin Rudd" was the incorrect answer. 
Because most people were responding with, "A cunt," which while technically true didn't help them assess you.
I don't bother asking the president question. I ask who they are, where they are, and when they are (year)
Like I told the nurse, if I forget it's all written on this bracelet they gave me.
Ronald Reagan
I'm a paramedic in the US, and I generally go with name, location, and month and year.  As I put it, I just want them to be as alert and oriented as I am.  I've had partners that liked to ask the President, and I've accepted some interesting responses as showing they knew who it was.  One of my favorites is, "We don't say his name in this house."
Is "Some cunt" an acceptable answer?
I saw a drunk bloke fall over and crack his head open on a kerb a few years back. He was upright and conscious, no breathing trouble. Rang an ambulance, waited with him, spoke about a fair bit of stuff. 

Paramedics arrived, asked him the prime minister question - it would have been Cameron or Brown at this time. 

"Some fucking wanker". 
That's not a problem in Zimbabwe.
Britain largely stopped doing it after Thatcher got forced out as John Major was far less memorable.
People can always answer "that crazy fool" and be correct.
Working in the South, my patients can be confused as hell but will sure as hell know "OBAMA" is the pres.
I stopped asking where I work because the answer is almost always very racist. 
I'm in the U.S. and work as a Paramedic. When I ask my patients "Who is the President", I've had multiple people respond "You know...that black guy". It has almost always been elderly people who respond that way. 
When I was in school for emergency medicine in Canada we were told to ask who the current president of the US was, the name of the prime minister is not always common knowledge. 
I didn't know Australia even had an organized government? I always pictured it as a vast desert land where talking  kangaroos rule over the people, forcing them into a life of slavery and throwing boomerangs at them if they get out of line. Kind of "Planet of the Apes" style, but Paul Hogan leads the resistance. I'm just kidding, Australia is pretty neat!
Whenever I read about the latest Prime Minister shenanigans in Australia, I think of when Pierce Morgan was deriding the apparent in-effectiveness and chaos of the US government and saying we should switch over to a parliamentary system like they have in the UK. I wonder if he is eating his words now.
I went into hospital in Australia a few months ago (back in the Abbott days) and they asked me this question every few hours for five days. I got so very sick of answering, I really didn't like having to admit it.
I lost track after Abbott, or was that another country?
It's [Andy](https://simpsonswiki.com/w/images/thumb/f/fd/Andy.png/250px-Andy.png) right?
"Sir who's the prime minister?"

"A fucking idiot"

"He's good"
*Democracy!*
A good question to ask would be, "How many pants are you wearing?" When they answer "One", you begin taking off their pants, yelling "Wrong!" Wait nevermind that is **Egyptian EMTS**.
Holy fuck this isn't satire
With so many changes at the PM position, one would have to wonder if the mental alertness of the voters are what should be tested...
Paramedic who used to work in Indiana here: when I would ask "who's the president?" right around 2012, I'd get a sour look and "That damn Ba-Rack O-Bama." That's how I knew they were oriented... 
Who's Prime is it Anyway? 

The only game where the votes don't matter and the electorate is almost as pissed as the parliament.
[Oi, mates! What's the good word?](https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Ftse4.mm.bing.net%2Fth%3Fid%3DOIP.M4b3ea1326604aa5d67ebb03932f6cdbfo0%26pid%3D15.1&amp;f=1)
It's [Andy](https://simpsonswiki.com/w/images/thumb/f/fd/Andy.png/250px-Andy.png) right?
&gt; Right... Who's face is on the dollarydoo?
I was in town the other day. Saw some camera men and a politician walking round. Like they do. And thought nothing of it. Later I realised it was the Prime Minister but I didn't recognize him cos of this shit. 
The "I haven't watched the news today" response would seem to indicate that it's still an accurate test of mental alertness.  The patient recognized the question, that the situation it refers to is absurd, and responded with a joke.  That's a 15/15 on the GCS as far as I'm concerned.  
It might make sense considering other countries use "Prime Minister" as a term for their elected leaders. Say you have a Canadian tourist with a serious brain injury. He's going to say "Justin Trudeau" (or Harper if he's really out of it).
Just ask who the U.S. President is, only leader who matters right?
Better question is who is the president of the United States.
[deleted]
$20 taxi ride or about $20,000 in legal fees, possibly jail time, loss on drivers license, possible loss of job, possible felony charges, community service, safe driving courses,  pissing off the local police chief to the point he will always remember you, and putting people's lives in danger........... Personally I'll just take a cab.
Back in the 2000s there was a one hit wonder. "Stacy's Mom" by Fountains of Wayne. The band took their name from a store in Wayne, NJ that sold fountains, Fountains of Wayne.

This has been your Wayne, NJ fact of the day.
Jesus man I live in Wayne and it's such a wonderful community. Good riddance to this idiot. 
"Back in 1993, Paramus Police Officer Vincent Brock died responding to a false call of a shooting at Garden State Plaza."

What? How did he die? 
&gt;Oates, of Lake Hiawatha, faces charges of filing false reports to law enforcement and creating false public alarm.

That's it? I guess they can't prove DUI after the fact.

Surely there's something else for misuse of emergency services?
Indeed. Those silly piggies. Speeding off to help a woman being assaulted.

Those idiots.
*thug life*
"Back in 1993, Paramus Police Officer Vincent Brock died responding to a false call of a shooting at Garden State Plaza."

Damn. I wonder what happened in this case...
silly bitchie, jail cellz r 4 u!
Glad she turned herself in like that.
Lived in wayne, she should have had no problem finding someone to drive her home.
this is the modern tap on the shoulder and running away. 
Is it me or does she look like LORDE?
But she looks like such a gem!
I expect that she will be severely and without prejudice slapped on the wrist.
So my takeaway from the piece is that she actually did something pretty clever, and would not have gotten caught if she didn't blab about it on social media. Despicable woman, obviously, but am I missing anything else?
Silly bitch, *jail* is for you!
heyyy, my hometown on the front page, woooo!
Tomorrows News Today: Wayne, NJ woman beaten into pulp after no-knock raid.
Guys this is not Oniony. Look at rule #2. What's this sub becoming? Haha I mean come on.
Well this ratchet trash deserves whatever she gets.  But at the same time, I rolled my eyes a bit at the official police statement.   A little over the top dramatic, yes?
Skank
This woman bring from Wayne to Lake Hiawatha.
The smug in that photo is weapons-grade.
The media does it to us all the time no one calls them out on it.
(looks at mugshot)

Yep. Seems about right.
And then the cops shot her.
Joke's on you, beyotch.
I'm 32 in two weeks. Never heard of those songs. 
In olden days a criminal could be sentenced as an "outlaw."  This meant that the law had no protection for this person.  I propose "outlaw" as punishment for this individual
I hope she gets the maximum jail time
Do you want to start shit? Because this is how you start shit.
She makes bad decisions.
She looks exactly like the type of person who would do this. 
Do you want to start shit? Because this is how you start shit.
How can you die responding to a fake shooting?  Maybe he was rushing through traffic but that part of the article was incredibly vague.
I betcha she used to frequent Mother's Ale House as well. Used to as in she called the cops into that place and they all know it.
&gt;Back in 1993, Paramus Police Officer Vincent Brock died responding to a false call of a shooting at Garden State Plaza.

How?
How could you die from something not happening?
silly rabbit, trix are for kids
[Here's a picture of her taunting the police](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JvHvrtHckZs/maxresdefault.jpg)
"Back in 1993, Paramus Police Officer Vincent Brock died responding to a false call of a shooting at Garden State Plaza."   
how the fuck he died?
Shit, that actually works? 
So, what I am oh so very curious about is wtf happened on the false call of a shooting that the officer died?  Got there and bored to death?
Drive home drunk WITH THIS ONE NEAT TRICK!!!
My friend at work apparently started talking to this girl again after he ended it with her cause she had drug problems. She told him she was clean and doing better. Hysterical when we saw this the other day. Also no, hes not the unidentified male she was with.
Savage. 
Well she didn't get a D.U.I. so I guess it worked out.
You did it to get a ride home.
She has a punchable face.
Anything you say on social media can and will be used against you.
As an NJ native ... I fucking love when NJ makes the headlines!!!
 It doesn't get any dumber than this!
Looks like she was still pretty cooked when they took her mugshot, too. What a winner.
this woman is par for the course for jersey trash that thinks they are both smart and attractive. She physically looks like the jersey trash mother in south park with the eyes far apart. Dumb voter. 
I like Uber the job, I don't like Uber the job, I don't like Uber the job, I don't like Uber the job, I don't like Uber the job, I don't like Uber the job, I don't like Uber the job, I don't like Uber the Leadership, if that makes sense.
This woman bring from Wayne to Lake Hiawatha.
Heard this on the scanner a week or so ago:  couple got very drunk while clubbing in downtown OKC. On their way home, they hit a light pole, fled on foot. To explain for their wrecked vehicle, they called 911 a few minutes later to report their car as stolen.  Dumbass drunks
What a Gregory Berrycone.
While I can respect the cops' opinion of this woman, I don't agree with their vehemence as a result of past incidents. It's a similar incident, but to let that memory infuriate you and make you think even less of someone else who does a similar thing is just immature. 

I'm personally really torn because I know that I'd be furious at this bitch too...she acted completely out of line and deserves to go to jail...but I wouldn't make a public statement to that effect. 

Just my two cents.
HA! GOTEEEEM!
Lived in New Jersey. This woman bring from Wayne checks out.
She's some sort of low level, lame batman villain. 
How dare she tarnish our already shitty reputation!
Someone needs to explain to her the story of the cunt who cried wolf. Then again she bragged on social media about what she did, so the point of the fable might escape her.
&gt; Back in 1993, Paramus Police Officer Vincent Brock died responding to a false call of a shooting at Garden State Plaza.

Wish they posted more info on that incident.
"Harassment of law enforcement" Always funny words to see.
CALL.  A FUCKING.  UBER.  Jesus Christ, it's not that hard. 
I want to know how the guy died responding to a false call.  I refuse to do research.
OF COURSE IT WAS LEAVING GRASSHOPPER!

Ah, New Jersey. Where everyone is a cunt unless proven otherwise.
nj.com/passaic-county/index.ssf/2015/11/woman_accused_of_false_alarm_to_avoid_dwi_arrest.html
[deleted]
Good idea. Bad execution.
[deleted]
They're trying to say that it was *she* who did the bad thing. For Christ's, sake, she was *intoxicated*! She couldn't possibly give consent! That's victim-blaming there.
Wow kinda smart and totally idiotic at the same time.
I've seen a lot of  punchable faces in my time, but I think this one Leatherface should handle.
How the hell did a cop die responding to a fake 911 call? WTF would have happened if the call had been genuine? Two cops dead I suppose. 
fuck NJ
as far as im concerned she saved lives of many unarmed civilians for a couple minutes
Lol misusing the system? Oh I thought it was a free for all as long as it's technically possible. Pull over someone for slowing to .01mph at a stop sign and not 0. Better bring out the AR for recklessly driving through a stop sign. That is a worse case of "misusing the system".
In some future utopian society, instead of having a court system, law enforcement would post mug shots online and redditors would decide the fate of the person just by looking at the photo.

My money would be on this one getting institutionalized.

How long before this thread is locked? Any takers?
Thankfully, it was a false rape report... so she was not punished and the innocent accused was still prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
/r/pussypassdenied
now she'll get raped in prison which is good. am I right?
This serves as a reminder to the horrible memory of something that happened 22 years ago? Fuck that... what does one officer still work there or something. What a terrible memory that none of them were there for 
Fuck the police
In some future utopian society, instead of having a court system, law enforcement would post mug shots online and redditors would decide the fate of the person just by looking at the photo.

My money would be on this one getting institutionalized.

I bet she was a feminist too. Why do they always have to be so stupid?
This woman is my hero
To be fair she was drunk when she made the call.
"Hey guys, just jacked this f'n sweet porsche. Ya, super easy... uh oh... uh oh oh No." *crash*
Jailed for four years, can't drive for three years, that'll help.
"Here in my garage, just stole this new Porsche..."
Aggravated vehicle taking?

"Yeah, officer, I was really aggravated when I took that vehicle."
Why didn't this guy just break into a prison and lock himself up.
I... I... How can someone have a such a lack of brain functionality?


I can understand stealing a car.

But why film yourself, why create evidence of your crime.
Ill bet 100 bucks that he pleads not guilty,
A Porsche Boxster, I wouldn't really brag about that.  
another great case of instant justice 
/r/JusticePorn 
Reminds me of this great [TV show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fzcA3RSVTQ).
Karma in action.
*slow clap*  I say, this may just be a candidate for a Darwin Award!  
YOLO!
He only got four years?!
Here in my Porsche, I'm not proud of this car. but u know what I'm proud of? Knowledge! The knowledge to pay fucking attention when driving so I don't crash and get trapped inside the car I just stole!
GTA gone sexualll
Dumb ass clearly doesnt watch Top Gear
Is that Shia LaBœuf?
he gots links and no petrel 
This video is from the Gloucestershire Constabulary, which sounds made up and is fun to say.
He should change his name from Jamie Lee Sharp to Jamie Lee "not so" Sharp.
It crashed because it's a Porsche 911
Please tell me the cops took selfies with this idiot before they freed him from the car
What do you even do with a car after you've stolen it?

You can't just resell it.  Strip it for parts?
In America he'd sue to owner of the car for having an unsafe vehicle.
there shouold be a /r/heyworldlookwhatabellendiam
One more Porsche for his Porsche account 

Good thing it's just a Porsche and not some bookshelves
Welcome to the Xander Zone?
I wonder what his motivation was for doing that. What his expectations were, and what he hoped to gain/profit from that activity.
He wasn't very Sharp was he...
/r/JusticePorn
No Regrats
Karma is a sweet, sweet thing.
And now, for another Quick Mystery: 

-I'm the killer. Here's the murder weapon.

-Guilty! Sentence to death!
Was he trying to film an infomercial for YouTube? All he's missing is the fake mansion. 
This is the sort of thing where the guy will sue Porsche for safety breaches or some shit and win a $10M lawsuit.
Genius of the year award, right there.
They usually crash the stolen car into a tree and kill themselves and their passengers.

Someone then starts a tribute page on Facebook for them.

Someone starts another tribute page for the tree.
Good, fucking thieving scumbag. I wish he crashes next time, rolls and the car explodes in a fucking furnace and the only thing thats thats found is a recording on his phone of his long drawn out screams for mercy as the fire consumes him.
read the part about him being disqualified from driving for 3 years. Luckily his prison term is 4 years. Meaning he'll be able to drive again when he gets out. 
How did they fit a TV in a Boxster?
It was just a prank...
Lol GTA... but steals a boxster
He probably crashed the car while trying to take a duckface selfie 📷.
What a time to be alive.
must be brothers: http://imgur.com/HLPSsdn
how does this get uploaded? he crashed it before it went online?
How does it work that he gets a 4 year sentence but only 3 years suspended off the road? Do them 3 years commence when he gets out?
Disqualified from driving for 3 years? Damn mate, so he can only drive while serving the last year of his 4 year sentence in prison? That's not fair!
It's just a prank I swear!
"drink-driving" and "vehicle taking".. is this a legit site?
Is he wearing a Green Bay Packers hat? What a wanker!
Aggravated vehicle taking. Your crime sounds cute.
His last name is "Sharp." 
WHERE ARE MY HORATIO CAINE PUNS AT?!
He started nicking cars when he gets out.
"Sharp was jailed for four years . . . He was also disqualified from driving for three years."  I don't think there's a whole lot of driving in jail, so that last part is a bit of a throwaway punishment, no?
And the winner is...
Here's your prize.
http://www.rewards4schools.co.uk/imagesprod/859.jpg
That's a pretty fuckin stupid thing for a criminal to do. Filming a crime you committed? That just gives the cops another way to find out everything
*WORLDSTAR* 
Is it me or does the UK have the most lenient justice system in the world?
I guess he drove it like he stole it.
Filming this crime spree is the best idea I've ever had. Time to post it on facebook and Instagram.
"Porsh Boxer"

Missing an e and a t there, m8
If you make a passing glance at the thumbnail it's a spitting image of Shia LaBeouf.
My Art teacher told us at school after a kid stole stuff from a staff room, that if criminals just put all the thought into productive things rather than into stealing stuff the world would be a lot further along...Because criminals are actually smart people they just don't use their intelligence for good. Well Mr. Wolfenden this is why I told you your art sucks and those who can't do teach.
This should make everyone who hasn't done someting like this feel so much smarter.
Narcissists make for poor criminals. 
Porsche Boxster.
C'mon man, atleast grab an impressive Porsche if you're going for it.
Makes for a better story.
It was a Boxter. Nothing cool. Carry on. 
Shows how "smart" some people are truely
&gt;Porsche Boxster

...but, *why?*
Cats startled because they "would not normally see cucumbers on the floor"

GREAT SCIENTIFIC RESPONSE THERE
My cat scared herself with a bottle cap she was playing with. She got bored of it and laid down facing away from it. When she got up and turned around she lept into the air, hid behind a table, and stared it down for a few minutes before cautiously aproaching it.
"Don't do this thing! Also here's a hilarious video of people having a great time doing this thing."
Now remember, Reddit, national geographic was recently purchased and had a massive turnover of high quality writers. That's why they write articles like this instead of articles about things that really matter.
House cats have rough enough lives as it is. Sleeping, eating, sleeping, pooping, sleeping...
My cat sits around all day in my air conditioned apartment, has all the shit to scratch on he could want, eats food that I put into his bowl, drinks in a similar fashion, sleeps, and does fuck all. I think he'll live with the half a second jump scare a cucumber will give. If not, he's even a bigger asshole than I thought. 
I wondered what a certified animal behaviorist was, so I googled. Apparently, it's someone with a GED or HS diploma who goes to seminars. 100% trustworthy.
Half of the 'cucumbers' in that video are clearly zucchinis. 
“If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

Apparently having a sense of humor makes you less than human.
&gt;“If you cause stress to an animal that's probably not a good thing,” says Jill Goldman, a certified animal behaviorist in southern California. 

If someone rings the doorbell, my cat freaks.
If I pick up a plastic bag, my cat freaks.
If a slightly loud car drives by, my cat freaks.
Touched the vacuum? My cat freaks.
It's windy outside? My cat freaks.

A world where my cat is not perpetually stressed out does not exist.
The funniest thing I have ever seen involved tormenting my cat. I had a job that required I keep id cards and tally them at the end of the month. Each ID card had three label stickers. I tore each label into three pieces and covered the floor of my living room apartment, i mean the ENTIRE floor. Sticky side up. It took me hours! Thousands of little sticky squares. My cat was watching me from the couch the entire time. He would play fetch with a rubber lizard. I tossed that lizard across the room. He made it halfway across the room before he realized that stuff was sticking to the bottom of his feet. And then he rolled over onto his back to peel them off of his feet and got them stuck all over his back. Watching him high step it into the bedroom with a look of disgust will forever make me smile! Boredom in the days before internet was a terrible thing. And I really miss that cat.
"Could care less"
C'mon natgeo. You're better than that.
If the cat doesn't want to be scared by cucumbers, he shouldn't have knocked all my shit off the night stand.
r/CucumbersScaringCats
Sure, my cat is a relentlessly murdering predator. Wouldn't want to startle it though. It might be traumatized.
 People need to create safe zones for the cats. 
Wow. 5 star reporting there nat geo.
The worst thing about the hypocrisy of this article is that it includes a video showing how funny it is to watch cats be startled by cucumbers!  This would be like them writing an article saying "People are filming children being raped" and then including a video called "Children rape compilation." 
Oh no, some cats are scared for once in their entire lives by a cucumber, big fucking deal. How much stress can you build up from eating, sleeping and shitting, exactly? I'll bet it's not as much as the writer will get for the next few months from his/her hatemail box.
Last I checked cats are assholes. So if your an asshole cat, you better fucking expect a cucumber on the fucking floor.
So let me see if I have this right...the cat gets one good scare, and spends the rest of their worthless life sleeping, eating ,and pooping...and that's it. So we shouldn't do it. Oh the humanity.
Most of those cats look like they live in nicer homes than I do, I'm sure they will be fine. This article can't be serious. 
&gt; “If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

I don't suppose this person ever pranked a friend in school, jumped out at a sibling and said "boo," or said something fantastical to a child. That would be inhuman. 
TIL cucumbers can be triggers.
I kept looking up to check the URL because I couldn't believe it wasn't satire. I fucking lost it when they said that the cats were being "triggered"
Damn fox news buys out nat geo and it already has died.
Thanks Natgeo for showing me the error of my ways. I solemnly vow to only use my cucumber powers for good and only where my cat shall expect them.
This is a stupid article.
Is it also inhumane to startle another human by putting a fake spider I'm their pillow?

It's inhumane to prank people, right? Definitely inhumane to startle a cat and temporarily get its heart rate up.

If nothing else it's an opportunity for play depending on the cat, and unless you're constantly trying to scare the shit out of it over and over (which would be inhumane), completely harmless. The cat isn't going to know or care if you're laughing at it and it's definitely not going to know the whole Internet is laughing too, so it sounds like they're anthropomorphising which is something any credible 'expert' doesn't do.

Sounds like SJWs finding another outlet.

I bet these experts are just the life of the party.
The idea here is that the best bond between a cat and it's owner is one of trust.  Your cat will let you do a lot of things to it if you protect that trust and don't betray it.

Putting things that look like snakes by where it feeds (which is where nearly all of these videos are shot) violates the cat's trust that where you've stationed their food is a safe and hospitable environment.  While the reaction in the article is completely overblown, at the same time if you keep scaring your kitty whenever they sit down to eat, they'll stop eating their food where you've placed it and start looking for other sources of food: your dinner plate, the trash can, etc.  **That** can lead to more troubling or aggravating behaviors from your pet.
What did I just read. 
"If you scare cats for a laugh, then I question your humanity."

Really?  Go fuck yourself, there are rapists, murderers, child-molesters, thieves, tyrants, mimes, and lobbyists out there, but I'm suddenly a questionable human being if I fucking leave cucumber on the floor to spook my cat.

Get over yourself, author, there are FAR worse things in life.  I'll play harmless pranks on my pet if I want to.  If he starts having health repercussions from seeing vegetables on the floor, then he's got bigger problems in life, let me assure you.
[deleted]
Scientific studies show the only reason cats don't eat their masters is because we're bigger than them... So I think a little cucumber kitty jamboree is acceptable
My cat jumps into the air like that over any random thing. Happens all the time, yet he sleeps all day and seems pretty relaxed all the time to me. 

No shit a cucumber scares a cat, but they'll be fine. 
So, I'm not going to plant cucumbers in my garden next year nor will I ever buy one to use in a salad or something. Actually, I don't own a cat, I just don't particularly like cucumbers.
Better that the cats are inside, and getting mental and physical stimulation, I think. 

The past 2 weeks I've seen 5 unfortunate kitties dead alongside the road. It might be a bit mean to scare them with an inanimate vegetable, but it's no comparison to letting them get smashed by a 2-ton vehicle. 
&gt;“If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

ಠ_ಠ
Don't do this because they will get revenge by giving you schizophrenia.
Hmm, they are instinctualy treating the cucumber as a snake.  This reaction is seen in many animals when they encounter a snake.  My dog goes full retard mode when we come across one while hiking.
Cats get scared all the time. Where do you think the colloquialism for "fraidy cat" comes from?. However I do agree that you probably shouldn't scare them by their food, it being a "safe space" and all.
They might as well say that the cat might get immediate heart attack and die in the second cucumber seen on the floor, which causes the owner to die in guilt and heartbreak and the rest of family die of loneliness.
Why must they attack one of my favorite subs 
This article is just trying to get traffic to their website by using relevant viral content. On top of that, it's written badly. National Geographic has gone down the s&amp;#t hole.
&gt;“If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

Holy shit, is this the holocaust?

Rupert Murdoch's purchase is already giving fruit.
This post is proof that if something is hilarious no one cares what alleged experts have to say about it. After you've thought about that for a moment go subscribe to /r/startledcats
I think of it as them paying their dues for the free accommodation. I doubt they will implode over a cucumber. Besides, the little fuckers play "pranks" on humans all the time anyway.
Cats have managed to survive this far in Earth's four and a half billion year history, I'm sure they can best the dreaded cucumber as well 
Apparently scaring things for laughs is inhumane? Don't we do this to humans all the time?

Confirmed. Writer of this article hates practical jokes. 

Jesus is there anything that isn't detrimental to one thing or another? 2015 really IS the year that everyone was offended. And I like how ONE person would "question our humanity" like we're over here shitting on deaf kids
I guess my perspective is different.   Playing a trick on a friend or child that can understand or be made to understand what's going on is one thing.  A cat really can't make that connection.   So manufacturing a scenario that scares the animal for my own amusement seems on par with teasing/ridiculing a mentally challenged person.  My role is to protect and care for the little shithead.  Yes he gets to live in my house and otherwise torment me, but I knew that when I brought a cat into my house.   Cats are amazing animals.  Fucking with them and scaring them for fun and using the fact they do regular cat behaviors as justification seems childish.   You know what's going on.  They don't.

"Question your humanity"???? This article is shit
I don't think including that hilarious compilation video of scared cats is going to help them in their cause. 
So this is what National Geographic is going to be under Rupert Murdock? 
If you're going to shit in a box in my house you'd better be entertaining. 
So stupid... No other reason other than "its mean".
Things get scared all the time lol My dog gets scared when i turn on a vacuum..Should i not vacuum? Wouldn't want to put a minor amount of stress on my dog.. Maybe i should tape her eyes when we go to the park so the squirrels don't stress her out, ether?
...
I don't agree with this at all. I'm a huge cat lover and lived with them all my life. If there's one thing ALL cats do is wait around the corner and purposely scare the shit out of you. Cats 1,000,000 points&gt; hoomans 1. 
I still don't get why the cucumber is so scary to them.
My cat is scared of the cucumber, because it knows where it is going to go... Meow!
Those behavior experts should take a chill pill, I doubt the cats are scarred for life. 
The Cucumber Mafia are behind this. First, masturbatory aids. Now cat spooking devices for social
media acclaim. They won't stop until there is a cucumber in every house. Be vigilant.
I like how there was nothing scientific about this. Just, "please don't spook cats they probably don't like it"
why? we scare humans for pranks all the time. animals are people right?
&gt;“If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

I bet this woman thinks that comedians are literally war criminals then.
TIL that I have no humanity because I'm subscribed to /r/startledcats
I thought "maybe they think the cucumbers are snakes or something" while watching the video. Then I read that this is "also possible" according to the expert. Maybe I can make enough loose associations to fulfil my dream of becoming a cat behaviour expert one day!
I hope whoever wrote this had a cucumber put behind them as they were typing their article
Hold on you're telling me I can get revenge on this asshole cat just by putting cucumbers around her? 

Brb.
“If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

Even Hitler didn't place a vegetable next to an animal, people. Go back to the humane things, such as drawing penises on a guy's face and waking him up with an airhorn and a cake to the face
Another Rupert Murdoch owned news organization tackling the greatest issues of our time.
&gt;“If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

Is that person actually trying to imply it is inhuman to find it funny to scare someone or something?

That's a seriously tough statement to defend
[deleted]
I'll be honest. I completely fucking lost it when I read "They would not normally see cucumbers on the floor"
Cats get startled from cucumbers because it reminds them of their natural predator the sea cucumber
Can I still make my cat chase a laser? Because if not, what is the cat good for? 
"Monsters committing such cruelty to imprisoned animals. They'd be better dead than in such hands"

-PETA
I always thought this was an asshole thing to do to a cat. 
Are we still allowed to confuse our cats? That's the only way my Mittens will snap out of a funk
I'd expect articles from NG be less sensationalised, higher quality and more science based. Instead we got "[cats] would not normally see cucumbers on the floor."
I'm thoroughly disappointed.
I say they should. Cats are curious creatures and it's that curiosity that keeps them going. Having an exciting and fun life is the difference between a cat that dies at 12 years old and one that dies at 21 years old. It's fun for them to explore new things: Textures, smells, tastes and so on. If you can introduce them to something they haven't encountered yet then that's a good and positive thing.

And I haven't seen a single cat being frightened of a cucumber. What you see is cautiousness when dealing with the unknown. They jump away and run because they haven't yet identified the nature of the cucumber. Has nothing to do with being frightened or stressed. A frightened or stressed cat is not skittish, they're the opposite. Hissing, panting and cowering underneath cover. That's a frightened cat and I have yet to see that.
Don't tell me where to keep my cucumbers. 
Who the hell puts a plugged pressing iron next to their cat's bowl?
This is exactly what happens when I put my cucumber behind my ol-lady's pussy.
&gt;“If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

&gt;the “despicable” videos are “an incitement for people to scare their cats and then invite people to laugh at them.”

is this what these fuckwits are experts on?
Well I don't know if my opinion matters but I've been a cat rancher for about 39 years now. We've got a big spread just east of Tulsa Oklahoma and have about 600 head of mixed Tabby and Siamese. It's been my experience that startling cats is a necessary action to maintain an appropriate level of nimbly pimbly. I'm not sure where this purported expert got their credentials but it's obvious they have no field experience with the animals. 
My cat woke me up at 5:30 this morning just because she was bored. The next time I get bored I'm scaring her with a cucumber.
Tickling them is torture, and purring is a sign of distress. 
Don't put tiny socks on your cat. Don't scare your cat with cucumbers. Don't put post it notes on your cats face. Don't wrap your cat in tin-foil. Don't store your cat in the freezer. Why even have a fucking cat then?
Jesus, some people need to fucking lighten up
Sorry reddit, my wife already showed me the video on facebook...

Also, the reaction seems to be hardwired into cats to survive surprise snake contact, right?
I agree it's a bad idea to stress your cat out unnecessarily, because stressed out cats tend to do things like not use the litter box.  But I think it's a stretch to call this "cruel".
My dick of a cat has shat apon my pillow twice. Scaring him with a cucumber still leaves him one up. He'll live.
This is unfortunately a bad piece in general, with one very important tidbit buried in it.

If you mess with a cat near their food supply, they *might* develop issues with their eating habits.

Some cats can be very touchy about it, and it only takes one incident for their safety to feel compromised. Cats cannot tell the difference between a one-time prank and a long-term threat.

Mostly, this viral craze is harmless, and as a pet owner you know your cat best. Just maybe don't do it by the food dish?

This one hits me particularly hard because of the first big family thing I went to with my now-in-laws, where nobody seemed to notice that the cat was hiding and his food was in a high-traffic area (with 7 kiddos running around and at least 1 adult who wouldn't hesitate to tell you her bad opinion of the cat). Maybe I have a bleeding heart but after supper when the kids went outside, I took Milo's food dish downstairs to where he was hiding in the quiet darkness and sat calmly about 10 feet away while he chowed down.

Wanted to give my future in-laws a piece of my mind for essentially making a dumb animal go hungry all day while the people feasted. Had a feeling they would become my in-laws so I decided to bite my tongue and be happy I made a new furry friend. The next year when my husband and I bought our house, Milo came home with us :)
Has anyone looked into how cucumbers feel about all this?
Hey,  don't do this,  but here is an ad on the video of people that did: PAY US! 
Sheesh these cat professionals are dumbasses.. 
So it's ok to scare you girlfriend/boyfriend, sibling or friend but not your pet.

Cat's need to get a sense or humor.
This article is ridiculous and stupid.
“If you cause stress to an animal that's probably not a good thing,” says Jill Goldman, a certified animal behaviorist in southern California. “If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”  
  
&amp;nbsp;  
#FFS
This 'animal behaviourist' should be careful she doesn't get startled when she notices the chip on her shoulder.
Im feline a bit of tension in this article. I guess scaring cats is a faux paws but its not furry bad for them either. I will show my way out
Mr fluffkins is so Triggered right now!!
So I guess we should stop printing documents at home, or suddenly  talking loudly, slamming doors, bathing cats, or any of the innumerable daily activities that freak them out.
 

So startling anyone or anything ever is a heinous offence and not a harmless prank? Wow
I've never seen a public announcement denouncing all the millions of videos out there of people scaring other people.
&gt;The fact that the cucumbers are often placed near feeding stations in the videos confuses the cats because they often associate those areas with safety and security

Looks like cats need a safe space much like the SJWs at mizzou, yale etc
OH GIVE ME A FUCKING BREAK.  Cats get easily startled at almost anything.  One little cucumber prank isn't gonna make a huge fucking difference unless the cat killed itself in the process of leaping away.
This is pretty stupid. No, this is really stupid. Thanks for the laugh though. 
Its funny and harmless. No big deal. Next thing you know, overly sensitive cat owners will start talking about how cats need a safe space from cucumbers.
Jill Goldman, a certified animal behaviorist in southern California. “If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

Fine Jill "Cat Behaviorist" Goldman,  I question both your sense of humor and contribution to society.
This is why is very hard to take very cat or very dog people serisouly. 
Misleading title. Half of those "cucumbers" are actually zucchini. 
My cat LOVES scaring herself. She does it for kicks. She could probably use a good cucumber scare. 
Now this is the hard-line, no-nonsense journalism i'm after!
"If you attempt to hide behind a corner and jump out to scare your friend just for laughs, i question your humanity."
We are now worried about cat fee fees now?
These people are gonna be super pissed when they realize that the average human frequently scares the shit out of their own children as well.

It's good! It builds character.
"Don't try this at home". Shows video of what to do
Maybe the cucumber is actually a portal to the fourth dimension and the only ones who can see it are cats!
Is this really what national geographic has been reduced to? Sad.
you know, me and my animals are all close friends I feel like. What do I do to close friends? Well you prank them of course. I suggest you are biased towards animals if you treat them differently than people 
I tried this the other day. One sat on it, one starting eat it, and one just blankly stared. Sounds about right.
Did they mention whether the size of the cucumber matters to the pussy?  
&gt; “If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

Because scaring your friends for laughs is so entirely different than scaring your pets for laughs...
Some people just need to prove that they didn't waste $200K and 6+ years of their life on a bullshit degree/career path. 
I thought there was going to be science in here.   

Instead it's one man who thinks you're a jerk for scaring your cat.   
My cat had a heart attack and died in front of me, vet said it could've been congenital heart or stress induced.. I would not recommend doing this to your animals
In all seriousness though, it's really not a cool thing to do. Not only could your cat get hurt if they react like some of them do in the video - but a big point that this article makes is that cats associate their feeding area with safety. Scaring the shit out of them in their safe place IS indeed cruel, since they're just animals and don't understand anything.

I remember there was a .gif or a video (should be kind of popular) of someone pushing a cat on a swingset and the cat looked fucking horrified. It was downvoted into oblivion and everyone was like, "Why would you do that to your cat? That's awful."

This is literally no different other than you think it's funny that it's possible to be freaked out by a cucumber.

EDIT: http://static.socialitelife.com/uploads/2013/06/05/cat-swing-06052013-600x450.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/sVpGmqA.jpg
So without cherry-picking like every comment looks to be doing... the message seems to be that "One shouldn't torment their cat". However badly the article was written, plus cucumbers and cats are a silly juxtaposition, I don't understand those adamantly defending their "right" to fuck with their pet. There's a large difference between play and scare. 

And stress can incite bad behavior or sickness in cats, so literally "triggering" those things. 

Cats do stupid stuff all the time which undoubtedly causes mild stress, but I don't see why a person would deliberately add to that. 
Most pussies I've met seemed to like cucumbers.
My old neighbor's cat used to leave snakes and lizards on our front porch.  Turnabout is fair play, I say.
&gt;“If you cause stress to an animal that's probably not a good thing,” says Jill Goldman, a certified animal behaviorist in southern California. “If you do it for laughs it makes me question your humanity.”

Let me get this straight, the metric to whether or not someone has humanity isn't murders or rapists. It's people who put a gourd behind their cat. 

I see the new management at National Geographic is doing a bang up job. 
Oh for fuck sake, National Geographic has been taken over by SJW trying to extend safe spaces to cats. What a time to be alive. Fuck, I just realised that I was abused as a kid when my aunt startled me and my cousin while watching a horror movie. I now question her humanity...
Wow
Who in their right mind would pursue a degree in cat behavior? Also how is that even an available degree?
The whole article is stupid. How can they associate green cucumber with snake if they never seen snake in their whole life?
This is not the least bit oniony.
Good to know that the PC/safe space movement now covers cats. 
National Geo is really hitting hard under the new ownership! 
It's just practice in case they escape the house. 
So cats are basically college students now.
How is this even news?
There is just no way this is real.  Like this is an imposter national geographic website, right?  It just doesn't come off as real.
Cats, walking on kitchen counters, where people prepare food, after the cat has shit in a dirty litter box. Got it!
Nat geo is no longer a reliable news source. Thanks murdoch!
Holy fuck those are some pretentious researachers.

Question my humanity, really?
Forget the cucumber, who puts a cat dish next to their ironing station?
Article basically says if you do mean things for fun you are not human.

Breaking news: Alien life found on earth!
Scaring my cats is way too entertaining and I get too much enjoyment out of it...and so does my dog. I don't see me stopping any time soon.
Since when did NG start writing for 1st graders?
I tried that. Cat did not give a fuck. 
tl;dr cats are pussys
As a child, my high school math teacher would put his cats in paper bags on the carpet and spin them around for a while. This generated large amounts of static electricity. He then carried the bag over to the linoleum, dump the angry, confused cat onto the floor, and watch it run in circles, the static picking up dust and crumbs from the ground.

Then he sent it outside, hosed it down, waited for it to dry, and repeated the operation.
http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/girl-with-a-giant-cucumber-photoshop-battle-1.jpg
This was such an unbelievably bad article, you sure can tell Fox owns natgeo now.  Their reasoning why is absolutely idiotic at best. It's like they asked a couple of 7 year olds to tell them why.
&gt; Goldman explains that the cucumbers are triggering the cats’ natural startle responses, since they “would not normally see cucumbers on the floor.”
I like to hug people when I meet them.
Certified cucumber here.
This is the kind of BS you get when you [sell a respected scientific magazine](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/national-geographic-fox-enter-profit-venture) like the National Geographic to a climate change denier.
Yep. Don't play jokes on things. It might produce a reaction in them.

This is why peekaboo is child cruelty as you manipulate object permanence.
Oh please.  The cats are fine.  If I became emotionally scarred every time something startled me I wouldn't be able to function.  It is rare but I do mess with my cat like this sometimes though she also has the personality to take it and dish it back out later.  Because of this I just scared mine on purpose, she ran off, looked back around the corner to see it was just me and a gave me that "you're an ass" look.  She's probably going to attack my ankles or nibble my fingers while I sleep for revenge.
&gt;“You wouldn’t want to meet someone new by having them shoved right in your face,” she says. “You’d want to meet them from a safe distance, such as a few arm lengths.”

I don't know if that's a good analogy. I'm not terrified by being introduced to someone new.
Wow... That was a pretty stupid article. Did something happen to Nat Geo or did I have small stroke and read that URL wrong?

Edit: please lord let it be a small stroke.
"People shouldn't share these videos of cats being scared by cucumbers!"

*:article features video of cats being scared by cucumbers:*
What the fuck! This is Nation Geographic? Fucking ruined a great magazine.  
Disappointing NatGeo
But we do this with humans all the time! I love a good prank video, no matter the species. 
While it is kind of ridiculous that this has to be said, I do kinda have to agree that scaring your cat for shits and giggles is a dick thing to do.
These researchers: "I've never had a pet before, and am in no way a proponent of any kind of fun. Ever."
After reading here, I expected better comments on the actual article.
This video is hilarious
I bought a bearded dragon at one point and I let it run around on the carpet. It ended up scaring my friend's cat. So it stared at it in its enclosure for about a day then proceeded to urinate on my bed every day for a month until I moved out.
Man, you would think the national geographic would know a simple thing like how cucumbers are fruits and not vegetables. 
I had the same reaction as the cat when I found out this article was from NatGeo
1:13 Vegetable cock and balls.
My theory on this is that cats think the cucumber is a snake, therefore gtfo.
I see Nat Geo ia goong down hill REAL FAST after recent changes. You will be missed
Cucumber sales were low so they had to come up with a new marketing plan. 
You got a viral video! Please enjoy your paranoid trauma cat pissing on your bed and laundry for the next few years.
 Clearly the cats are surprised by what they think might be a predator.  Not cool.
Our 13-year-old beloved cat lead such a sedentary, provided-for life that is full of affection, I'm wondering if maybe a little cucumber stress might be a good thing.  Get the system running a bit.

My laughter would be polite, of course.

Alas, we are traveling, so we'll have to wait until Saturday to find out.
My cat doesnt give a fuck about cucumbers.
I read the article and get that this is bad, but I really want to put a cucumber near a cat now.
My cat jumps in the air when I turn a corner too quickly. I scare my wife sometimes and she scared me, because it's funny. Jeezus.
Lighten up, Francis. 
"No moah undaweah as usual. We need higher waistbands to protect the middle-section."
"I'VE GOT ONE PAIR OF UNDERWEAR THAT I DRY ON THE RADIATOR."
Guaranteed to hang to the left.
r/circlejerk is very proud right now.
This is apparently in response to the failure of their Hillary underwear line that was mostly full of shit. 
And here's the actual shop page. [For those who really want to *feel* the Bern.](http://www.berniesbriefs.org/) (Slightly NSFW, people in underwear)
Bernie Sanders Underwear- You get one half of a pair of servicable boxers that must be worn with somebody else providing the other half.

Hillary Clinton Underwear- They covertly take pictures of your junk, upload them to a private server, then email a copy to Sid Blumenthal.

Donald Trump Underwear- The fanciest, silkiest, golden underwear the world has ever seen, emblazoned with a giant "T" in front. Shoddy material dissolves in the first wash.

Ben Carson Underwear- You get a t-shirt, which scientists believe was used as underwear by the Egyptians.

Jeb Bush Underwear- You get a pair of your older brother's used boxer-briefs.
I'm republican. ......but I can honest to god say I don't want to #feelthebern in my crotch that sounds horrible haha
Most guys who say they feel the burn in their underpants should really see their doctor about some penicillin shots.
They're even worse than I thought. [Link](http://media.necn.com/images/621*349/Bernie%27s+Briefs.jpg).

It's a picture of Sanders' face with "Feel the Bern" written across the ~~crotch~~ ass.
Most of these other candidates have 3-4 pairs of clean underwear, I've only got one! 
Is this r/circlejerk?
Would anyone actually wear these? They have to be purely for novelty. I mean could you imagine, you're about to get laid, and the girl sees some old guy's face with "Feel The Bern" written above it...what would be going through her mind? I mean I love Bernie Sanders as much as the next redditor, but this is a bit too obsessive for me. Still funny as hell though.
Bernie's Unders.
If you feel the bern down there you should call a doctor. 
xposting to /r/LateStageCapitalism
The fabric used to produce them have been reported to cause rashes.  
The company purposefully chose this material, so that customers can **feel the bern**.
There is nothing I want to 'Feel the Bern' in my underwear region!
On the fence about the whole "No Fly Zone".
Underwear that are saggy and insure that your balls stick to your inner thigh.
Is it designed to make me as uncomfortable if not more so than the Biden line? Alternatively, thanks to Bernie's slogan, it could also be the Chlamydia line.
BA BOOP Boop boop
Will they keep the tagline "Feel the Bern"?
I used to work with the owner, Tim and he's a close personal friend. AWESOME guy and glad to see he and his business are being recognized again. 
His company does graphics for shirts and stickers and cars and stuff and he is just an all around awesome guy!! 
/r/notcirclejerk
I want to launch a hot sauce inspired by Bernie Sanders. Tag line is of course, 'Feel the Bern'
It's for people with STD's, FEEL THE BERN
Is it already Obligatory Sanders Circlejerk Day on Reddit? I could have sworn we're a few hours early
Depends has already been out there for quite some time.
This Bernie Sanders hype is getting out of control. He's just your average somewhat leftist (or possibly centre-left) politician. I'm not wearing any Diederik Samson undies either. Except I voted for D66, which is centre/centre-right progressive, and I'd have to be wearing Pechtold undies, which would be even weirder. 
[Coming this Winter](http://www.corbisimages.com/images/Corbis-42-33721078.jpg?size=67&amp;uid=0801c93d-4eb8-490e-ac3e-f476ab48821d) (Slightly **NSFW**)
They also come in adult diapers. 
I'm sure they are someone else's underwear 
Im sure most of Reddit wil buy a few dozen.
Well his entire campaign is a meme so this is somewhat appropriate.
Does it come with the high rise option that rides up to my belly button?  Can you imagine Bernie in Walter White style tighty whites?  Fuck that!
Turn them inside out and sit on Bernies face.
I was thinking they were selling old dirty underwear.  - recycling 
Oh the irony.

Depends for men??
It should say: "member of the top 1%" on the front. [You know what I mean](http://i.imgur.com/6ADLV4r.gif)
Trump has the best underwear guys in the WORLD on this.
I'm not really keen on american politics or who's in what party and who's voting for who,but this is a legit jack donaghy move...
The irony.
I'd like to have a Bernie Sanders full size love doll so we can do a Weekend At Bernie's sort of thing.
I'll take 20.
Feel the bern...of support and comfort.
Not so sure this would go well with the tagline "feel the bern" lol
Not as good as the Sarah Palin condoms I saw being sold on the street in '08.
"What's so bad about undaweah like the kind in denmahk?"
Wonder how the socialist feels about being commodified...

This'll be a new brief campaign strategy
Relevant OP name.
Terrible design. Quick cash grab.
Love me some Bernie, but the last thing i'd probably want to see on the crotch of anyone's underwear is "Feel The Bern"...
I force a rich person to buy it for me but I know it will be shipped full of shit.
Terrible design. Quick cash grab.
I hope they put his face on the butt.
&gt; The Vermont senator has said recently on late-night TV and talk shows that he prefers briefs over boxers.

Bernie Sanders in briefs... pretty much the last thing I ever wanted to imagine.
I'm feeling the Bern!
Id rather give that money to Bernie 
Are they free?
From the Late Show with Stephen Colbert,"Bernie Sanders is trying to regulate your private sectors".
Bernie, I don't care about your underwear - boxers. or briefs, or whatever. Just promise me that you won't go commando before other field options have been exhausted.
Makes sense if you think about it. Unlike most politicians, Bernie cares about the shit you deal with every day. 
I'm not sure it's good marketing to put him on something you are eager to lose.
If you feel the bern down there you should call a doctor. 
The one place I don't want to feel the Bern...
Is it made from wool... because i'm imagining wool underwear.
Not the bern I wanna feel. 
Gross used underwear
Kind of a bad position to place "feel the burn"
I've read everything in Bernie's voice, it was great
Feel the burn?
I just hope it doesn't place too many tight regulations on my corporations.
Tag line: For the cuck in you!
You mean that when you take your pants off it promises your girlfriend sex that you don't have enough dick to actually deliver on?
I'd buy some to support Bernie, but unfortunately I'm the only one who would see them 
The skidmarks are red
Once these go on sale, conservatives will be shitting their pants!
Is it so far to the left that it'll never get elected?
liberal jizz stains not included 
So are they giving them out for free?  Is the company owned equally by all employees?  Or are the evil capitalists profiting from your stupidity again? 
Fuckin capitalists trying to scam leftist hillbillies out of their money.
This is good news for us non-supporters, company is doing our job for us by making Bernie look not serious about his campaign to the lay man.
This is quickly getting out of hand.
Instead of "\#feelthebern", they should put on it "\#1" on all of them.
Are they laced with herpes ?.
gross
Vintage, full of shit and holes?
I would do the same thing.  Have you priced a visit to the ER lately?

Look at all the money he save compared to an ambulance. 
**Probably arrives faster than an ambulance**

Uber drivers has been helpful and flexible in my experience

* bought a mini fridge ships to local post office

* turns out not very mini

* Uber driver got it into car, and into house

EDIT: I stuffed him a $20 tip before letting him off to exit the building by himself
Needed UberRx.
Smart guy. Tap the button and get driven – no need to talk to a busy body human emergency line operator being condescending and skeptical about shit.
You've been shot. You need to go to the hospital.

Tis but a flesh wound. Carry on forth to my home.
ITT: People ranting about hospital costs and ER wait times.

The more likely case is that the guy did not want to involve the cops maybe since he was shot doing something sketchy
Don't blame the victim. Hospital costs are insane, especially if unisured. Rather take my chances as the American Healthcare system is a failure.
Sounds like a don't snitch situation to me more than refusing treatment. 
Driver: You okay? Customer: Naw man. I'm pretty fuckin' far from okay.
I live next to this bar a weird shit like this happens all time on this street like this. Point and case:

http://grandrapids.craigslist.org/mis/5266760594.html
Not suprised, I live nearby.  I was once meeting a friend for drinks at a bar a block away from Gardella's.  I stopped at a stop sign and around the corner came a guy being chased by another guy carrying a baseball bat.  Meanwhile, everyone outside of the bars just watched.  Downtown Grand Rapids, stay classy.
He needed to be treated and was being a stubborn motherfucker just to cover up for his psychotic friend.
Of course my hometown something like this happens....I'm strangely proud to be from GR 
Considering he was 20 and drinking, maybe he didn't want to get a MIP.  The article said they were waiting for him to sober up.
ITT: people who apparently know everything about trauma medicine and the American health care system. Not realizing the most likely scenario is this guy didn't want any police involvement, and knew that if he went to the hospital it guarantees it. 
Aww, I was hoping it was the Florida Man. 
I thought I might be having a heart attack about a month ago when I felt a sharp pain in my chest and my left arm went numb, and I ended up doing the same thing as this guy.

It turned out to not be a big deal, but the fact that people in potential danger can be in a position that they are reluctant to call 911 because of the financial repercussions is insane. Ambulance rides should be without cost.
I don't think this was a Healthcare issue. More like cops shouldn't  t be involved in my life. If I'm doing some sketchy ish, if I'm not dying hopefully I'm mentally strong enough to pull that shit out in my living room
Uber is actually looking into medical assistance. They've been toying with the idea of an uber ambulance for a little bit now, so it's not all that ridiculous. 
This guy is lucky his wounds were not fatal. I know Healthcare isn't cheap and the lines are long but if you get shot in chest get to the hospital. Leg, arm shots aren't as risky
Better add the cleaning fee for that bloody mess he made

"I'll take this pickup..."

http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-XqzK1L3FnTo/T5fuUgtihmI/AAAAAAAADOQ/_dCcnzh_IiU/s1600/miami.png
Average meaning that half is more than 30 minutes the last few times i went.
I put a hatchet through my shin while camping and I might think twice about that.
Was this man Tom Cruise from Collateral.
"Hmmm....nah, just get me home, I can fix this with whiskey and Youtube."
What an idiot.
The driver was an idiot too.I wouldn't want that jerk bleeding all over my car.
Wouldn't clean up fee from all the blood offset the cost by a bit though
It helps we live in a parking lot after going to the hospital.
Classic 
I don't think spending tens of thousands of dollars on medical costs is one of the hell that stands before you.
I'm reminded of Batman lyft and uber. http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2015/06/26/the-customer
My hometown :) Happened a couple streets over. Represent!
I broke my leg and took a uber to the hospital if that counts. 
Did they make the URL this misleading on purpose?
Had to read the comments for a bit to underhand the satirical humour and the point they were making.  I get it now, thank you.  I had a hard time because I'm from Canada.  Shits pretty good
Wait, you guys are getting the same rates until they got hit with some kind of ambulance.
oh sure when its a weirdo in florida its "florida man" but when there is a weirdo in michigan its just "man". 
I miss living in America a lot but this kinda stuff makes me feel lucky. Any doctor visit is $4, I get seen almost immediately, and I'm out with medicine in 20mins. My SO sometimes says "lets pass by the clinic" on the way to lunch and has no idea how absurd that would sound in America. The emergency room, maybe $200 tops. I never think about my wallet before my health.
ambulance ubers should be a thing 
TIL it's cheaper and faster to call an uber to go to the hospital, than it would be to call 911. I live in Nashville where at anytime there is a pretty good number of uber drivers around. 
I was hoping it was three blocks away.
The fact this is where I live makes me laugh so much.
What if the man said no because he couldn't afford it
Uber(and other apps) bringing democracy to transport monopolies. Unfortunately, it was banned in some cities of my country(Brazil).
So do uber drivers need some lessons in battlefield medic ways ? 

Start carrying super glue, duct tape, and some dressings for potential gunshot victims! 

If you're feeling extra badass get a big old syringe to drain their lungs incase you got someone gurgling for help. 
Get to the CHOPPAAA!!!
He needed to be treated and was being a stubborn motherfucker just to cover up for his psychotic friend.
I left this bar just after midnight...I wonder if my inebriated self just stumbled by him
Smart guy. Tap the button and get driven – no need to talk to a busy body human emergency line operator being condescending and skeptical about shit.
Smart guy. Tap the button and get driven – no need to talk to a busy body human emergency line operator being condescending and skeptical about shit.
Smart guy. Tap the button and get driven – no need to talk to a busy body human emergency line operator being condescending and skeptical about shit.
Will ambulances be self driving one day?
As a taxi driver one time I got a call to go to a motel. This girl comes out. Fuckin covered in blood. Im like wtf did I just show up to. Turns out they were bangin in the shower and she slipt and slashed open her leg on the faucet. I drove her to the hospital but I didnt really know what to do. For all I knoe she coulda nicked a artery or somethin and waiting for an ambulance could be the difference between life or death. But also taking her was risking some random chick bleeding out in my back seat. I live in Canada, our healthcare might be free but our ambulances sure as fuck aren't. Cost me nearly $700 to go three blocks. And some how the ambulance companies locally bitch about not making enough money so they are cutting the number of ambulances. The ambulance business seems to have little regulations, when it comes to paying for stuff.
The guy had a reason for not wanting to go to the hospital. The uber driver way overstepped his bounds by calling the police. 

If you don't want to be liable or whatever don't pick him up in the first place.
[deleted]
Even with  a $200 cleaning fee for bleeding on the car, he still got off cheaper than an ambulance.
Short story, I'd rather have an ambulance Uber drivers has been helpful and flexible in my state is modernized ticketing system and the ER as their primary care that it backs up the system causing these delays.
/uber-driver-shot-grand-rapids/ URL title is so misleading I think it was done on purpose.
I shot my friend when we were younger. No cops were called everything turned out alright.
Atleast Uber us reliable
I live in Canterbury, I bet if Kanye offered to do a gig in Canterbury if the name gets changed the massive student population could definitely force this into serious consideration.
What's next: The Snoop Dogg Animal Shelter? 
The pic looks like an even more nightmarish episode of Teletubbies. 
Tranye West Railways
"show me what you've got!"
how about "Britney Isles" while we are at it?
Banterbury
Why not? Did you know they already named the part of the White House where the president works after Kanye? Its called the West Wing. I hear they may name half the country after him. 
"Kanye rename the station?"

Can we fuck.
Still not the worst thing that Southeastern (could) have done.
I study there :') 
Serious question, in the assumption that the original petitioner is himself serious, why name a British transit stop after an American?
I signed the petition. It felt Heartless to not oblige such a simple request. They should establish a Jesus Walks hiking trail as well.
&gt;Kanye west (wealth be upon him)

LMAO
Ah Canterbury, tis a strange place. 
It's always exciting to see a news story about the city you're from.
Railway as fast as you can
"You are now entering Kanye West"
I just realized Teletubbies would have been a much better show with Kanye as the Sun Baby.
ITT: le Kayne gayfish xDDD
It only needs like 900 more signatures!
The train should randomly stop and on the loudspeaker it would say "Imma let u finish, but..."
It'd be far more entertaining if Canterbury East railway station was renamed "Kanye East" instead. 
I am studying in Canterbury for a year and this place could do with some humor. Also there is a Canterbury East station, so that could then just become Canterbury station making it a lot less confusing for visitors, and people traveling through. Even though this is a joke it would be hilarious if it did happen. 

Fuck southeastern, bring the bants, lads.
No, lewronggeneration, you're not going to be able to name your local airport after Kanye just because Canterbury is doing so with their train station.
Kanye? 

http://postimg.org/image/wz00gsdrf/
Pretty cool to see the station that is a 5-minute drive from mine on reddit!
Canterbury Kanye? 

But why?
Cromulon in the thumbnail.
So ... musician, producer, crypto coin, gay fish and now a train station. Kanye is the Bo Jackson of minutia.
Kanterbury West.
I hope this is upvoted to call attention to stop this from happening rather than promote it.
This is no doubt the brainchild of the Archbishop of Banterbury.
Just remain it asshole same thing.
inb4 Kanye names his next child Canterbury 
Nice to see my uni town get repped on reddit
Yeah, they can start by changing White House to Black House. 
When will British people learn that Kanye West is not pronounced like the can in Canterbury? Bugs the shit out of me hearing my Brit and Irish friends say Kanye. You're fully able to make the kah sound in Kanye. It's someone's name, it's not a regional difference in word pronunciation. 
A rapper needs to perform poor versions of Kanye's already brutal "songs" and go by Canterbury East.
I say we name Kayne after the station
A gentle reminder that the music we are creating now will someday be remembered as "music history"
Kanterburye West railway station

Why not!
Hey! I traveled into this station often during the year I lived in London while my girlfriend (now wife) went to UKC!  Lovely stop, and the Goodshed next door has some of the best produce/meats/fish/cheese/charcuterie in the area.  And now it also has a FANTASTIC beer counter.
Whoa, strange seeing my hometown on reddit. I use this station every day.

I'm all for this, because why the fuck not?
I'm imagining this entire thing going down like randy talking about sarcastaball. Oh SUUUURREEE he's obviously the greatest person of all time, INFACT why don't we just wear bra's while we talk about how GREAT HE IS!
How about just trying to get Kanye to call his next kid Canterbury?
*The West Way Is The Best Way*
Or maybe just name his next kid Canterbury once he hears about this.
Before they do this I would strongly suggest that everyone watch Kanye's "treatment" of "Bohemian Rhapsody" at Glastonbury this summer on YouTube.
FFS.
Studying in Canterbury currently.

God I hope this gets through
I think it's a great idea.

Deluded Twat would be brilliant name for a train station.
How do I help the cause? 
I don't give a shit about the topic, but I really don't understand the Kanye bashing. If anyone can explain even just one fact of why Kanye is such a massive cock il appreciate it. His music is successful, his clothes line is successful, his music lyrics never feature anything violent towards women or anything that glorifies crime or drug taking. He's married to a woman he loves and has a baby that he clearly dotes on...what's the problem? Arrogance is hardly the biggest condemning characteristic is it? 
"Cause my life is dope, and I do dope shit" *click*
I'm cool with this
Dip Shit West Station

Yea that kinda has a nice ring to it
Am I just really out of touch for not getting why Kanye is so popular?

[deleted]
Not saying I think it's a great idea.
Next thing you know they're going to want to name Northwestern after his daughter!
Some new buildings are going to be named after people alive today. Makes you think.
I want to rename the little Swedish town of Sveg to Swag.
I'm sorry, but Beyoncé had one of the best railway stations of all time!
This is some penguin of doom bullshit.
This proposal is just dumb and harmless enough to be acceptable. Lets all sign it.
Personally I think the renaming should go the other way around. 
As long as I can piss in a kim kardashian urinal, im good. 
I like it because it provides another fun activity. Hey, lets go piss on Kanye West! The piss and garbage from here on out will actually be dedicated to a halfway meh joke.
You know...I'm not a Kanye hater...I like a lot of his music, but the guy gets way more reverence than he deserves IMO.
Gayfish Lines
The idiocracy is coming! 
The face of narcissism.
Where every train is just a giant black asshole.

I could get on board.
Is Kanye West the dude married to the hobbit?
You will forgive me and most people over 35 who have never heard of "Kayne West", but shouldn't naming honors be for people who have name recognition with more than one small demographic?

Who is Kanye West? what scientific discovery did the do? maybe a prodigy in sports? a virtuoso? No wonder I don't know who he is.
When a man loves another man that much...

"Not that there's anything wrong with that"
train wreck station--Kanye is a waste
I don't want to live on this planet anymore
Yeah and Alotta Vagina won Wide Reciever of the Year.
Should have found an article that didn't put his first name in the title.

"Michigan's Butt wins B1G tight end of the year"
Coincidentally, Michigan's Jake End wins Big Ten tight butt of the year.
I saw this was nottheonion and I was confused I was like "yeah he was a good tight end, is this some kind of joke?" And then I realized it was some kind of joke hahaha. 
He spanked the competition.
He was born to be either a tight end or a wide receiver. Good choice. 
I like Jake Butts and I cannot lie. Them other tight ends aint fly
I just love the photo. BYU defender taking him down from the rear. 
Using his name as the butt of the joke...how clASSy. 
So they are telling me that he has an awesome ass, then don't actaually show me his ass... I see how it's gonna be
Sir Mix-A-Lot would like a word. 
Huh-huh. Butt.
Touchdown, Jake Butt!   The tight end split the D and was wide open in the end zone.  You're going to see a lot of scores when the QB is putting balls right in Butt's numbers.
Was there ever a lack of certainty?
If only his nickname were Killer.
Somebody loves his job.
[Relevant](https://youtu.be/xPjQd3TPYCA)
[The first picture in the article fits in nicely.](http://imgur.com/KC7fGmH)
I used to play in summer basketball camps. There was a native American guy with the last name "Longstroke".

He had the smallest penis I've ever seen on a man.
My last name is also Butt and I'm having Vietnam like flashbacks to elementary school from this thread 
I thought this was about a guy winning an award for his great arse. 
If he had Jerry Sandusky as a coach he'd be a wide receiver 
Tight End from Michigan wins Big 10 Butt of the year.  His name is Jake...
Butt Wins B1G Tight End Of The Year
any article with him is funny.
I hope when he has kids he has the common courtesy to name one Richard.
I couldn't figure out why a sports story was on my reddit front page. I'm slow on the uptake.
http://image.mlive.com/home/mlive-media/width960/img/ann-arbor_photos/photo/-3f2c01c331f56648.jpg
UP THE BUTT!
This is why I am a Redditor. I feel like I was the only one laughing at this in the entire universe. Thank God I am not. 
Imagine how much of a waste his name would be if he played WR or something?
This sounds sexy however you arrange it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nSKkwzwdW4
Butt will leave a big hole to fill when he graduates.
So much fun with so few words....
I can't wait for Jon Gruden to comment on Jake Butt when he gets to the NFL. 
All I can read is Butt and Tight.
That picture in the article...
His tight butt gives me big tent.
That first picture. Was the defender thinking about getting a puppy or something?
["Yes I'm a tight end. Yes my last name is butt. Hhahaha"](https://twitter.com/jbooty_88/status/381638950693392385?lang=en)
He should totally name his son Richard someday. 
Title would have been better as michigan's own Butt.
I went to high school with him and that was the biggest joke when he was a senior.
Here is my journey's end, here is my butt.
Did you guys hear about the gay rookie?
He went from tight end to wide receiver in one season! 
i really wish his name was richard
And of course, outside of the headline, there are absolutely no Butt jokes in the article itself.
I like butt stuff
How is this /r/nottheonion material? Just because the guy has Butt in his name? 
He did seem to struggle receiving deep balls this year though.
Michigan's Butt might be the Tight End of the year, but was the Wide Receiver of the Year last Saturday!  

PS: Go Bucks!!!!!
His sister Babby married a guy named Steve Tocks.

So now her legal name is Babby Butt Tocks.
The bigger joke here is that UM won any award at all. Was I watching the same season?!
I don't get...Oh! Cause Butt and the tight end and the funny cause it's his butt but that's his name and end cause the butt is big and that's why it's funny. 
Butt wins tight end of the year playing for the butthole of universities. It all makes sense now. 
Tight End Jake Butt was an [Impact Player](http://i.imgur.com/8qm0DUe.jpg) for the OSU Michigan game.

Butt wasn't good enough to win it though.

edit: I guess there's a Butthurt Michigan fan in this thread downvoting
Butt sex. 
What does he do with those birds?  Does he eat them?
"People create new meme from funny picture" -big news company.

The funniest thing I've seen about that today was on a French news TV channel where they interviewed his son.

They little descriptive under his name, like, where you would put his occupation, had "Fils de l'homme en slip" = "Pantless man's son". Best descriptive I've ever seen
"Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time!"
The sans-culottes are back at it again? Look out, bourgeoisie!
/r/pantlessfrenchman - the archnemesis of /r/floridaman
[This scene from Thor](https://youtu.be/a0praKJoni4) is all I could think about...
(Looking back and forth frantically) Pants.... shovel.... pants..... shovel.... 
That is the most Monty-Python title I've ever seen.
Bro definitely didn't skip leg day.  I'm super jelly of his form.
Never bring pants to a shovel fight, it just goes without saying. 
You had me at pantless French man
Dammit, just a couple weeks late for Halloween!
Was he arrested, or was his right to defend his property upheld?
The photoshop jobs have to be about the worst I've ever seen. They all seem to be done by one individual, they all lack creativity, sorry.
Get off my lawn
Someone get that man to Missouri
This is what previous generations would call a sci-fi world we live in. 
He accidentally worn the lvl 99 FEMALE version of Pants of Shovel Smiting.
Someone get that man to Missouri
The French have a long tradition of  getting things done by the "sans culottes." 
But he has got pants on. Otherwise I would see his dick.
This guy is on to something here. Hit them in the head then dig the grave when their dead.
Thought i was in /r/subredditsimulator for a second
What is an 'anti-bird poaching activist'? 

Are they anti-bird and pro-poaching? Or are they for poaching in general but just not of the bird kind? How exactly is one an 'activist' for poaching? 

No wonder this guy just gave up and went for the shovel. 
Just reading the headline, that sounds perfectly normal to me.
Knight de Shovèl
Florida Man's on vacation.
Suspect was pantless, repeat pantless
Pantless? It looks like he's missing both of them actually.
the headline is a lie. he does have pants on 
"About to go outside to kick some protestor ass! Some pants? No! There is no time... Just let me grab my shovel."
I've heard about a place in France where the women wear no pants since grade school, so this really changes things.
I hate reading titles that claim things like "Becomes internet sensation" or "goes viral". So clickbaity
oh, he's a new pant less rebel celebrity!!! 
Can we buy this guy a one-way ticket to New Haven, Connecticut?
/r/FloridaMan is now getting some competition for his distant European cousins. 
If he's a Internet sensation why have I never seen him on reddit before? 
They can take away our pants, but they can never take... our shovel! 
For shovelry!
Not even that dank a meme.
I want to upvote this a million times because this is so majestic
I don't understand how people get their packages to look so smooth. He's got the smooth bulge of a Ken Doll.
Great legs for an old dude.
Florida man has himself some competition
Jeremy Clarkson eating the birds in question (begins at 30:40 min) : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2nb82r_jeremy-clarkson-meets-the-neighbours-1_fun
This adorable old man! I want to adopt him.
Shovel Man should become the new symbol of France.  Retire the image of cheese-eating surrender monkeys and witness the rise of the Gallic Everyman who sees challenges left and right and insists on settling matters with the instrument of the masses -- a shovel.

Shovel Man's motto -- "Il faut un homme puissant pour pelleter la merde nous sommes confrontés aujourd'hui."
Found my Halloween costume for next year
[deleted]
**_Show me a shovel, and I'll show you a shovel!_**
Finally, a Frenchman who's invented a pair of self removing trousers.
This story could have been so much more gruesome if he had a gun instead of the shovel. I wonder how he feels about his newfound fame? Hope he gets a kick out of it.
&gt;Valet parking available at **a shopping center in** California **that has a** Taco Bell

Fixed that for ya, Clickbait McGee.

edit: addressing the original author, not OP who followed the rules of the sub.
I live down the street from here. The only reason they're doing this is because they're building a new Whole Foods and tore up nearly the whole parking lot that was used for other restaurants. It's been more of a disaster than anything. There's an Applebee's next door offering valet as well for all you classy folk. 
Now we just need the Schwarzenegger presidential library...
We're getting closer to demolition man now.
And that's how [taco bell won the franchise wars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFiDoOgRTpk).
"Here are the keys to the El Camino, peasant. If I find a rust stain damaged or one Franzia box out of place, I will have your head!"
ITT: All my fellow 925 redditors come out of the woodwork. 

Concord/Walnut Creek all up in this piece. 
And so begins the Franchise Wars.
As someone living in LA right now, this doesn't surprise me. Even the IHOP has valet parking.
What the fuck. I live and grew up in the area and that's not even a particularly nice shopping center and there's plenty of parking. There are multiple shopping centers in the same city that this would make more sense for lol. It's like an Applebee's, a Taco Bell,  a pizza place, a closed up Safeway, a gas station and a drug store lol. 
I'm a valet in Walnut Creek. AMA
I hate valet parking, especially when its mandatory.  Im sorry, I dont like handing over my keys to some low wage employee and trusting them with my car.  And if you ever read the contract/agreement, the company basically absolves themselves from any and all damage.  Then they expect you to not only pay them for this privledge but also give a tip. fuck that shit.
If it's the Taco Bell in Pacifica I wouldn't be surprised. Place looks like a 5 star restaurant.
What smoldering roach in the ash tray? Now to get me some tacos.
Also known as the best way to get your car stolen...
[When will Clueless not apply to everything?](http://maglomaniac.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/fed20360385c8dd9863dc1ca0b802ee0.jpg)
It's happening, be well.
Here come the [Demolition Man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yi-6qynSTTE) references.
I don't give a flying fuck about valet parking, but scroll down to the end of the article and it says they're testing *delivery.* I would be in heaven. TACO BELL MUST DO THIS.
LOL holy shit this is near where I live. I've been to that taco bell multiple times and my friends and I jokingly decided to use it. 10/10 would valet again.
Why do you even need Taco Bell in CA? Go to a Taqueria.
In San Angeles?
God Damn Reddit Hivemind, I wanted to be all witty and clever and comment about Demolition Man but like five other people beat me to the chase.
I hate valets. I never trust them. They love to rev the hell out of my cars even on a cold engine! 
Why not just use the drive thru?
i'm from walnut creek, this isn't suprising
Unfortunately, their bathroom attendants experience an extremely high turnover rate.
[What's the point? Everywhere you go has valet.](http://i.imgur.com/leoraYE.gifv)
I don't even like valet's getting in my car at 'nice' restaurants. 
Suprise! Its actually just some guy who stands outside of Taco Bells and procedes to steal your car.
Sure.. I'm just gonna hand my car keys to the guy standing outside the Taco Bell?

I'd be more impressed if they took reservations for the bathroom stalls. 

"Reservation for about an hour after I finish my meal, party of one please" 
I live in California and the Einstein's Bagels near my house also has valet parking.  
This story just reminds of the fact that In-N-Out needs to figure out their traffic problem. Every damn time I go, the drive-thru line is well into the street. Never stops me from going though lol.
I've lived down the street from here for 30 years. The Taco Bell is in a strip mall with many other stores. I remember how excited I was when they opened! The mall hasn't been renovated in ages and was seriously deteriorating. The whole mall is undergoing a major renovation now, and many of the small, local businesses are suffering. The community has been working hard to think of ideas to restore patronage to the local businesses. Very recently, they decided to offer valet parking during limited hours to encourage people to shop there despite the difficulty parking in the construction zone.

Sure, Walnut Creek is a snobby area. We have free valet parking all over the place here. But this has nothing to do with Taco Bell. This exists because of the community's support for small businesses. This article is clickbait bullshit. 

Fun seeing my childhood hangout on Reddit though!
Oh fuck me Im from there. 
Steph Curry just bought a house in Walnut Creek.
Holy shit.    My home town on the front page.    WC, creek side!     LLP
M'lardy
All my taco bell offers is diarrhoea....
Did anyone else think of Demolition Man?
Because that's what instantly came to mind for me.

Ok what is this demolition man?
Demolition Man predicted this ages ago!
http://youtu.be/4cF6D8zDa9U
The fast food war has begun...
California, where they have mastered the art of polishing shit.
Because *that's* what's ~~been~~ keeping from Taco Bell.  The parking.
They did win the fast food wars.
#1 method of tipping the valet: Weed..
As someone who goes to high school 10 minutes away from Encina, I can say this doesn't shock me at all. The whole area is under construction for a new Whole Foods for crying out loud. Encina is so small, not even that busy all the time, and that Taco Bell is the least busy of many of stores there. Dissapointing in my opinion, but keep in mind Walnut Creek is the snobiest (or one of the snobiest) cities in America from 2014 I believe.
Demolition Man is becoming strangely prophetic.
Do you get that buzzy thingy when you place an order
**This could be us boo**
I had a boss as rich as the Catholic church that loved Taco Bell. I had another boss who was a touring rockstar that also loved Taco Bell. This just makes sense.
There is one where I live that does this as well. The reason is because the shopping center is more busy than they actually have parking for, so they do valet so that they can park more cars than they have spots for. 
It's about God damned time there is some sensible legislature in this country. 
This is my hometown, so to clarify....pretty much every shopping or restaurant area of the town has valet parking offered, independent of the stores or businesses. What this is is a new valet stand being added right in front of the taco bell
I used to live in Walnut Creek and that's exactly the kind of thing I'd expect to see there. 
holy crap, my orthopaedics surgeon is in walnut creek haha. 
The West Hollywood Taco Bell needs one of these dearly. Whenever you pull up, the parking lot is full and there's usually multiple people who entered looking for parking, only to jam each other in because the parking lot is extremely narrow and no one wants to reverse back into the street.

I always end up parking a block or two away.
This is misleading... they're doing major construction in that shopping center so there's no parking available. The businesses are staying open through the construction.
Makes sense to me, born and raised in the UK I had always heard of taco bell in movies/tv but thought it was spelled taco belle and an upmarket French restaurant (what other restaurants had a dog?).
ok. Here we come San Angles.
Once I went to a burger king with a friend where there were waiters and a hostess o.O At the end we were like, should we leave a tip?
Forget valet, bring back .59, .69, .79 cent tacos
Something, something Taco Bell gives me diarrhea. Upvotes please! 
Dane Cook said I can't get into the T.B Lounge without coups.
There is valet parking at the IHOP near me on Wilshire in Los Angeles. Here is a screen shot from google maps: http://imgur.com/Tfjco8S

I work across the street from a luxury taco bell.  It has flatscreens, nicer furniture  and a you can get better food but also the same old taco bell. 
This is the first time I have seen my hometown mentioned on Reddit! I go to this shopping center often, Rocco's is really good Italian food and the owner is a great guy, very involved in the community.
I read velvet parking and I thought about velvet-covered parking spaces
Hey! I live in Walnut Creek! gonna have to go try this out. 
Hey! I live under 5 minutes from this place. This will be interesting. 
The one time I forget to read the comments section first... 
There's a Wal-Mart in Brentwood, TN that has valet parking...

https://www.flickr.com/photos/fourstarcashiernathan/4805989829

It's due to a crazy parking lot situation though that's due to preservation of a creek...

https://www.google.com/maps/search/walmart+near+Brentwood,+TN/@36.0419564,-86.7113671,596m/data=!3m1!1e3
Free valet? Sounds like a good deal until you realize that you still have to eat Taco Bell.
So lets take a peak here, Up until a couple years ago , nobody was certain the Taco bell served actually Meat. I for one still don't believe it , but, what ever. Then you see the story about the guy with the sticky fingers.... Now, back in the east end of Canada, there is only ONE taco bell, thats merged with KFC. Let me tell you something, NOBODY eats there. it's a crowded parking area, young teens high out of their mind (hell I would be too) , with a lazy eye and wreck of a kitchen..how this place stays in business is beyond words.
Welcome to Walnut Creek! That town is as smug as they come... It's something about the town, as it's not as bad in the gradually richer towns to the south (LaMoRinda). 
Walnut Creek is literally the demographic you would see at Sodosopa.
Came here for demolition man comments, did not disappoint
"Live the VIP life" Why the fuck are you going to Taco Bell?

[Do you remember when David Letterman went to Taco Bell drive through and ordered 1200 tacos?](https://youtu.be/hSvd4_lwq1s)
I live in the area, and I gotta say, it's pretty neat to pull up, get valet parking, get your "food", then walk down the street to the Maserati dealership to drool...while drooling over your food.
'Murica 
planet fitness has valet parking at my local gym from the months of jan - march LOL, it's soooo busy from 4-9pm that parking spot run out, forcing people park across the street because all the people on their new years revolution crap so the gym is forced to pay for valet.

I just find it funny because you are going to a GYM and people don't want to walk a extra 10ft 
https://faceplantreview.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/demolition_man-bullock.jpg
This triggered me
For dem fancy dates.
In LA LA there are valets everywhere all it takes is paying 2 dudes minimum wage to park cars. Big deal
but what are the three sea shells for?!
Mobility scooter included.
Sounds sketch.
Nice try car thieves....
Wow, I remember when the only thing Taco Bell provided me with was explosive diarrhea.  It was yesterday.

Wait, that guy in the red coat next to a shopping cart wasn't the valet at my local taco bell? Excuse me, I need to go get my car back now..
Valet parking is really not a luxury in LA. I've been to a few parties at people's homes where valet was provided. Also...I work at a hs where we offer valet to parents. 
They love to rev the hell out of my cars even on a 3 shell butt wiper invention and we'll be almost there!
Thanks for the whole parking lot is extremely narrow and no one wants to reverse back into the T.B Lounge without coups.
Can we get some downvotes for this clickbait
Just about every Taco Bell in Fresno has a crowd of friendly folks willing to "park" your car for you! A problem arises however when you attempt to collect said car...
Why does this have the "misleading title" tag?
This is in my hometown and can confirm it is actually needed
Skip's, pinky's, Amici's....all great places
Why don't they cut out the middleman and just turn their seats into toilets so I don't have to suffer on the drive home.
Why do you even need Taco Bell in CA? Go to a Taqueria.
First the three sea shells, now this.  Everything in that damned movies is coming true.
maybe the have delivery services as well. 
Nathan Fielder?
In LA LA there are valets everywhere all it takes is paying 2 dudes minimum wage to park cars. Big deal
ITT People who for no reason really hate, or really love, the movie "Demolition Man".


Armour hotdogs...
*California, we can make anything douchey.*
Welcome to Walnutcreek... I mean, I'm a bay area kid, but you want to talk about  fart sniffing Prius drivers.... No greater hive. 
Yeah... This is my local Taco Bell. However, I recall hearing that the valet is for all the businesses there, as a third of the normally full parking lot is being redone to accommodate a new Whole Foods.
I wonder if they have three seashells rather than toilet paper.
Your tone is quasi facetious, but you do not realize that Taco Bell was the only restaurant to survive the Franchise Wars. So now all restaurants are Taco Bell.
After Taco Bell wins the coming Franchise Wars, I expect all restaurants to become Taco Bells. The higher end ones will probably have valet parking too.

Source: Demolition Man
[The future is getting closer.](http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--B5K5wu6G--/694527431403269153.png)
Holy shit , Demolition Man is coming to fruition
Demolition Man was onto it
http://i.imgur.com/xdz1UO5.jpg

But a block down the street, you get bullet proof glass
This is so /r/HailCorporate
Demolition Man predicted the future perfectly if Taco Bell is now a high class establishment.
As someone who lives in LA, this is common everywhere. Parking is impossible to find for cheap/free, valet services capitalize on this quite a bit. Not to uncommon to see valet for a shopping center. 
Do they also feature Dan Cortese [performing commercial jingles](https://youtu.be/xFiDoOgRTpk?t=30s) on the piano?  
Californians are so bad at parking that it's come to this.  Now, only specially trained people are allowed to park.
ALL RESTAURANTS ARE TACO BELL!
Then on the piano?
only in California lol
Begun, the fast Food Wars have.   
Cue Imperial March- dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun.
Plot Twist: This valet service is not supplied by Taco Bell. It's just some dudes in orange vests that take your keys and "park" your care for you. The only catch is that you never get it back.
The BDSM Society must be pissed...
No one has mentioned that the article says Princeton has already made this change.
"Ah yes, I actually just graduated from Yale with my Wizard's degree in business administration"
What a pointless change. It only speaks to the students' own insecurities in themselves and their identity. And this is coming from a black man.
So what does this change exactly again? If some students feel uncomfortable referring to their college principals as masters because slave owners were referred to as master 150 years ago, I'm not really sure what to think of those students. I feel like these are the same people that complained about Starbucks' decision to implement plain-red coffee cups. This is beyond ridiculous.
Remember, these people go to *Yale*.
I really feel for these poor, oppressed Ivy League students.  It must be so difficult to attend the highest ranked school in the world and have your entire future earnings practically guaranteed.  How do they survive the crushing burden of using archaic titles for staff members?  This is important, guys.  It's almost 2016.  These are the real issues.
This has already been a big deal on github (if I recall correctly) with people banding together to remove master/slave terminology.  People were kicked out of projects for not wanting to remove it, etc etc.  Was a huge deal.  Pretty sure github sided with them, too, but it's been a while so I may be wrong.

Personally I think it's the stupidest thing I've ever heard and I'm too busy doing actual work to spend energy harpooning some social made up justice affair that attempts to create offense over common terminology.
Fuckin' babies.
When I see shit like this, all I can think is "What is even the point of this?"

It's so ridiculous to even be bothered by such a stupidly trivial word.
How does this work. Do we replace the word master with some other word or phrase?  

"Today makes the anniversary of the death of Grand-really-really-really-good chess player Bobby Fischer"
I've got a suggestion, too. How about we stop holding people's hands through life and they can grow a thicker skin? If they can manage to man/woman the fuck up maybe they'll realize there are more important things to worry about than a word used innocuously triggering them. 
I don't want to live in this world anymore. This is just absurd. The whole politcal correctness thing is just absurd. Daily I hear things that bug and "offend" me, but I just let it go. As a man of faith, it bothers me when I hear "God damnit" or anything related, but it is what it is and I move on. We are coddling a generation or two of fucking pussies.
My god. Yale and Princeton? The next batch of leaders in this country will be a bunch of cry baby pussies. 
Okay. This has gone too far. It's time for Yale to go back to only admitting privileged white kids from society families. I'm tired of hearing all of this whining from Yale. Enough!
So, they should be niggardly with their use of terms that may have racial baggage?
"The legacy is not that long ago and a lot of our grandparents remember stories from their parents or their grandparents of actually…having a master above you who has total control over your life," said Brea Baker, a senior at Yale.

A lot of your grandparents? Not a chance. A Yale student with a grandparent who remembered a story from his/her parent about being a slave is impossible. Even the grandparent+grandparent scenario would require:

1. Four consecutive generations having a child at average age 34. Not uncommon now, but rare in the past.

2. A great-great-grandparent slave who kept memories from childhood until old age.

3. The great-great-grandparent slave living until ~75 to pass on the story to a grandchild.

4. That grandchild still being alive at ~85 and remembering the story s/he heard as a child.


"The legacy is not that long ago and a lot of our grandparents remember stories from their parents or their grandparents of actually…having a master above you who has total control over your life," said Brea Baker, a senior at Yale.

Not that long ago?  Passing down stories for the last 5-6 generations? Wtf do kids these days even know about slavery.    
Edit: Still fighting the good fight 150 years later...
while we're at it let's abolish the word "Princeton" as it offends me to conjure up images of European royalty due to my ancestors being oppressed as peasants.
I'm a computer engineer. One of my coworkers recently had an intern who asked us to not use the terms master and slave. :|
I agree there is no way that Master should be used in any context.  Master is also a brand of locks people! Speaking of locks, you know who else makes locks.....Yale, headquartered in Tennessee, a slave state.  Yale must also never be used.  They can just call it school that must not be named. 
Her objection is literally "our grandparents have stories of being told stories about their grandparents having masters"...

I mean really? stories of stories? How fucking weak minded are you...
I can't wait until 15-20 years from now when the world will be wrapped in smiles and dreams. No one will be offended because language will be sanitized with all hurtful words effectively removed. We'll snap our fingers in celebration because clapping can cause people distress. There will be no negativity, micro-aggressions or unsafe spaces because the next generation is going to make everything better.

Racism, sexism, ageism, homophobia, transphobia, and all other non PC things will magically evaporate and nothing hurtful, intentional or otherwise will ever happen, again, period. No one will take offense to anything because we'll finally decide on a standard for how to express yourself through text and have no misconstrued or misunderstood emotions or implied writing. 

If I hear the word safe space one more time, I'm going to start asking where mine is because this is getting out of control.
"But for some black students on campus at Yale, the word conjures up much darker moments in American history, like the country’s legacy of slavery."

Would like to point out that none of these students, their parents or their grandparents would have been alive at the time of slavery, and have not been directly affected by it. Indirectly of course because of the rampant racism up until and in many cases beyond the civil rights movement. But to sponge sympathy for something they didnt go through is a little offensive in itself. Im from Scotland and I don't make complaints against england about what happened in the wars of independence, or the subsequent jacobite rebellions where my ancestors were slaughtered and then again in the highland clearances where a way of life was extinguished... because I wasn't alive.

 My point is, if equality is ever going to be viable, people need to stop with this politically correct madness, otherwise no one will speak their mind for fear of being villified and thus eliminating free speech. And isnt that in itself the problem that occured in the first place? I'd encourage anyone to speak freely, whether they are asian, black, white or any other racial denomomation, and if what they are saying is ridiculous let them be told that, if its valid then let it be taken into account.

Anyone who disagrees with the above id like to know why, as its your right to say so. Just don't downvote it into oblivion without saying anything.

EDIT: de-cluttered text and added last part.
This is some 1984 level shit
New change. You must address all faculty as (insert last name) Senpai
"The legacy is not that long ago and a lot of our grandparents remember stories from their parents or their grandparents..."

FFS. If your closest relationship to an event is hearing your grandparents tell stories of their grandparents, then yes, it is a long time ago.
Jesus, isis doesn't have to do anything. This country is in an uncontrolled descent.
And here I foolishly thought it was the best and brightest attending Ivy League schools...


More of the black community bringing racism up where non exists. 
Future leaders of America? Focusing on the past (out of context, I might add) instead of preparing for the future. I'm a little scared for our future if this is the representation of ivy-league level thinking.
I don't understand this kind of thing. Both are well respected universities, and you would think their students would know the difference between Master as a title given to someone who displays mastery of at something, and Master as in, "you own me". It's common sense really. And the implication that this is something born out of slave owning culture is absolutely RIDICULOUS.
Stupid as fuck...

Next they will boycott master lock until they change their name, also, they have to stop making shackles because their slave forefathers were shackled and there existence is offensive. 
just is use in reference to the masters of the colleges. still stupid but not as stupid as the fuckers commenting without understanding what they are commenting on
So what are they planning on calling their four year degree courses?

Edit: This is assuming that they follow the same naming scheme as the UK where a four year course normally awards a Masters degree. 
But wait. Isn't there a Master's Degree? Are they offended by that?
So what about the master key that opens the entire building, or the grand master that opens the entire campus?
This is fucking outrageous. 

Better not get a Master's degree either, that will make you racist.

Jedi master? Racist.
Mixmaster? Racist.
Pokemon master? Racist.

Better just rename the cardinal direction "South" while we're at it, it's a potential trigger.
I work in industrial controls where the term "master" and "slave" is used everywhere. Had a customer complain about it. I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  

Enough. Please just go away. 
The tumblr generation.
At some point Yale is bound to re-evaluate their admission policies.
The word has multiple meanings and it is clear what meaning a master's degree is referring to. It is not the ownership of another being but the mastery of a skill or an art. 

The fact that I have to spell this out makes me feel a little bit dumber with each press of the keyboard. Fuck.
Soon they'll be going to Walmarts all over the country and demanding that the Masterbuilt grills be removed. They'll be demanding that the Master's Degree be called the Martin Luther King Jr. Degree and the Master Bedroom be called simply the "Big One".   
"I mean, not on my master's degree. I still get to be called master.  But for the college people.  Don't call them that."
STOP LETTING THEM GET AWAY WITH SHIT LIKE THIS. ITS ENOUGH ALREADY. THIS PC BULLSHIT NEEDS TO END. 
Do these students want to write to Disney to abolish a Jedi Master?
Who started giving a shit about all of these fucking pussies getting butt-hurt over the way they want to view the world as victims.
No more master's degrees for anybody!

We can't go around offending lackeys with our success. 
Massuh?
Is masturbate still cool? Or is that causing some sort of micro-aggression I don't know about?
Think they're regretting all those admissions based solely off of quotas yet?
This is why no one takes social justice seriously. 

PC Principal certainly would agree with this.
Better take away their cotton sheets too.
By "Yale Students" you mean people that wouldn't get in if they weren't a certain colour?
How the fuck did those retards get into Yale?
[deleted]
Even the brightest young minds are now complete sheeple...
Having a slave mentality goes beyond skin color. These people have given themselves up to being reactionary to the world around them. They will be slaves as long as they deny that this world owes them nothing and the onus for their freedom rests squarely on their own shoulders.
TIL Ivy League schools are retarded
Let's also abolish the word "cotton" from use on things like tee shirts (ex: made from 100% cotton). It reminds them of the horror their ancestors went through while enslaved
TIL that I am more intelligent than some Ivy League students. That's how this story makes me feel, what a waste of effort to make "change" happen.
It all started with a flag and everyone was okay with it. At what point do you put your foot down and say this is ridiculous?

Yea, good luck getting a computer science or computer engineering degree if you don't know what a master/slave configuration is.
These kind of student requests are starting to become bullshit.
Yale is getting more and more extreme each year
Seriously? Yale students? Fucking seriously? Of all the stupid people in the world, Yale.
lawl

I thought Yale was a home for the smart and the bright? xD
Oh, my god. Seriously? What else are you going to call somebody who is in charge of something?
America, really, guys...this fixation on anything that might, possibly, if you take enough drugs, be  associated with race is just making your whole country look stupid. Stop it, for your own good. China's laughing, guys.
Fucking *Yale*? What the hell is going on here?

Growing up, I thought Yale was supposed to be one of the best schools in the world...?
What a bunch of flat jawed pussies 
College liberals just study, get your degrees, and shut the fuck up already. Most of us just want to learn, live in peace, and graduate without all this shit constantly shoved in our faces.
Welcome to 2015 America, where we all cater to the minority rather than the majority. 

And by the way, only 9% of the student body of Yale is black. Let that sink in for a moment. Not even a tenth of the student body is black, yet something like this becomes news.
I will not send my sons to schools that put up with this kind of shit.  I hope other parents are paying attention to the Yales and Mizzous and steer clear to the point where it hurts these schools.
But for some black students on campus at Yale, the word conjures up much darker moments in American history, like the country’s legacy of slavery.

The article writer is a sly one
Master! Master! Laughing at my cries!
The only thing that has changed is that whiners now have an even greater sense of entitlement.
**[I call wee wee on you!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCdkqP2GwWo)** 
Most people in this thread clearly didn't read the article. They are asking the University to abolish the *title* "Master" for what are essentially residence hall directors who are also professors. The title is an anachronism, only around because of tradition. The "Masters" themselves have already been discussing this change. Princeton has already done it. It isn't that big of a deal. If it was an Onion article, it would be a pretty stupid one. As usual, Reddit overwhelmingly overreacts to perceived overreaction.
[deleted]
But who will control the puppets?
Will this insanity meet it's end? Only time can tell. 
Beginning to think all college kids are fuckin autistic 
Whelp, looks like Nintendo will have to change the name of the Master Sword /s
Why has Yale one of the previously most respected schools become like this Hub of pus and gross shit and all and whiny asshole who just can't handle any truth
It's a bit of a worry that people at one of the US's top universities can't figure out that the same word can have two distinct, if related, meanings.
ffs this is getting ridiculous now...
OMG... Just like Scoutmasters. Those discriminating slobs.
I almost thought they were talking about the degrees: "master of science" and "master of arts". I wonder if they would have to be renamed too! 
Shouldn't they be studying for tests and not worrying about how a title makes them feel?

Master is also an old way to address males who are not yet men. Mister is for when they are men.
Now all graduate degrees will be called Heads Degree.
How about instead of wasting time on this bullshit, students do something that actually has meaning and positive effects?  Has ANYONE ever taken offense to the term "master" in this context?
BYE BYE Yale culture!
I'm glad there are no actual problems in the world. Frees up time to worry about nonsense
I call my dog that all the time.

BARK

"yes master, want out?"

BARK

"are you hungry master?"

BARK

"want picked up master?"
That'll show the patriarchy!
So I thought this was stupid at first because Master has so many other meanings and historical significance unrelated to slavery but at the same time if you read the article they say this:

"The big thing here is intent versus what actually happens, so whether you decided to name them Master for slave reasons or not doesn’t change that students of color feel uncomfortable having to go into the master’s house, and refer to someone as master so-and-so"

So yeah having a black person call someone their master and refer to them as master is... less than ideal. I mean it's not like life-endingly incredible traumatic but it's an unnecessary discomfort to some.
This was actually just done at Princeton. The masters of the residential colleges are now called the "heads" of the college. Doesn't have the same ring to it in my opinion.
That's so homophonic
LOLOLLLL IT JUST GETS WORSE AND WORSE
We should also stop celebrating Columbus day.
Yeeeaaa!! They have to accept this deal, and then rename the position from HeadMaster to HeadHoncho!

Begin the petition!
I find this a pretty stupid request by people from Yale. 
Why is it such a big deal to update an archaic term with a more modern one? Just do it, who cares?...NEXT!
Better yet, just close down Yale altogether and turn it into a daycare for full grown trustfund babies.
Sounds like fallout from the Halloween costume drama and one of the students becoming unglued on one of the masters. 
I bet none of them like Halo.
Let's stop calling postgrad degrees Master's Degrees!
Slightly understated title OP
&gt; "A Florida man who was convicted of biting a small dog on the face and choking it so hard its eye popped out..."

&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
"Florida man..." yup
/r/floridaman
Is Florida even real?
Man bites dog story.  

But the part that for me justifies a prison sentence is the 'choking the dog til its eye popped out'.  That's just unbridled rage, and I don't blame his mom for turning him in.  It's the type of thing domestic abusers do to their wife or girlfriend's pets, simply to  cause pain to the woman.  
poor dog...
Dog bites man: not news.

Man bites dog: news.

*Florida* man bites dog: not news.
A little off topic but this story reminded me of a story about my mom.

When my mom was growing up my grandpa would jokingly tell her "if a dog bites you, bite it back. It'll show your dominance.". So fast forward till my mom is in her late 20's/early 30's. Mom is walking up to a friends house while dad was waiting in the car, when a German Shepard runs around the house and bites mom aggressively. This pisses mom of and she goes after the dog and it starts running. Mom tackles the dog and bites it on the ear, then gets up. The dog runs to his hut and hides, while my dad uncontrollably laughs at the amazing scene he just witnessed. Mom said after that the dog wouldn't come anywhere near her.
&gt; her 6ft 8in, 375lbs son

Well to be fair, it is hard for him to find someone his own size to pick on
poor dog.  it's going to be a long year for him.... lets see if he leaves with vision in both eyes 
If it were a cat that he had bit it would have been a felinony
Just to add small snout dogs are notorious for losing their eyes to stupid shit, they could smack the back of their head on the bottom of a table and knock one out
That's some canine on canine action.
Paging /r/floridaman
Was the dog ok?
I used to have a squeaky toy news paper that had this headline on it. Minus the Florida part. 
Summoning Cox n' Crendor
He deserves to spend the rest of his life in prison, not one year.  I don't understand how anyone could do this.  I hope your recovery is well Cujo.
They really need to strengthen animal cruelty laws so that the consequences fit the crime. 1 year and that's it for a defenseless animal? Same thing as a helpless child. Fucking a.
How does Florida Man even keep getting out of prison?
Someone should abuse this piece of garbage and squeeze his neck until his eye pops out.  What a douchebag.  Most animals will bite if you tease them enough.  Enjoy your prison stay, asshat.
This guy should be locked up for way longer than a year. Sociopaths do this type of thing, not normal run of the mill people... this guy is a danger to everyone around him.
In ~~Soviet Russia~~ Florida, man bites dog!
Man bites dog. Now that's a headline.
Damn what the hell was he drinking. I can understand being mad but that's a little tiny ass dog. No need to go that hard core on it. Bet he wouldn't of done that to a pit bull.
There's an old saying in journalism that if a dog bites a man its not news, but if a man bites a dog, that is very much news. 
Poor Cuba Gooding Jr.  He was just trying to show the dog he wasn't afraid of it.
Fun Fact: Man Bites Dog is a lighthearted mockumentary about the day to day life of a serial killer.
&gt;Florida man

of course
There was a TIL a couple weeks ago that the reason why it's always "Florida man" is that only the state Florida releases police reports or something. Idk exactly...
Dammit I was scared of dogs because they bite but now I'm scared of humans as well
Good, fuck that guy.
Stay classy Florida
The world's worst super hero strikes again...
Fucking Florida...I'm never going there. 
Why is it always Florida? I read a crazy headline and think to myself, "probably Florida". And most of the time, it is. What is it with that state?
Canem vir mordet
&amp;gt; "A Florida man who was convicted of biting a small dog on the face and choking it so hard its eye popped out..."

&amp;amp;#3232;_&amp;amp;#3232;
Oh but the crazy guy across the street who uses K2 and rings a dog around it's neck in front of children killing it doesn't get a prison sentence. Did I mention he ate the dogs face too? He is still out there being crazy. 
Florida Man strikes again!! Dun dun DUUUUUN!
Adventures of florida man
Goddammit florida
So he got more time then people who rape their dogs interesting 
Goddammit Florida man, stop doing this stuff!
After reading this, one year doesn't seem like a long enough sentence. Imagine if he did this to another person. 
Can we stop posting this. I've seen it about 20 times in a week and every time I see it I get queasy..
Florida? again?
Man bijt hond never forget
Why is it always florida?
The dog's name was Cujo. I'd say man got off easy.
Goddamnit, Florida Man.
What's up with Florida? Why does most of the weird shite that happens in America happens in Florida?
THAT is the most misleading headline I've ever heard.  About as same as "Palestinian child shot by israeli police as boarding bus" --- leaving out he was randomly stabbing people in the face and neck.  You fucking media people are truly evil as cocksuckers that you are.
Kinda hoping this guy gets raped in prison.  While they rape him,  I hope they choke him so hard his eye pops out :)
If a dog bit a cop, the cop would kill it, even if it was trying to bite, the cop would shoot it. This dog bit a man, I would have stepped on its head.

Note to self, don't goto Florida, the judges there are retarded. Small dogs like this can cause major damage, I saw a picture of a Chiuahaha Bite on a man's lip, it had completely severed his lip.

I fucking hate how people take this stupid ass dog's side over their fellow human, such a pussy ass society we live in now.
When my shitzu pup of 13 months growls at me,I pin him down with my face a bite his kneck,lightly and with a sence of ,hey I'm the boss...he gets it,Wicket I love you.
I too live in florida,viva riverview
Florida man lol 
Florida man been everywhere in that damn state
Florida Man strikes again!! Dun dun DUUUUUN!
only in florida does man bite dog and not the other way around.
But if a dog does it, nobody cares. Great double standard.
Such an injustice. If the dog had bit the man he would have only got probation...
Thank you Cesar Milan and your "dominance" bullshit
If funny how you can murder deers, cows, chicken, but if you touch a motherfucking dog you go to prison.
sane people of florida!!!   why don't you move away???
 
sane people of florida!
 
oh

A truly first world country
I hope he gets butt raped everyday in prison 
Literally everyone from Florida is terrible.
I could think of plenty of ways to simultaneously spend a million dollars and screw someone over. Giant ice sculpture of myself giving them the finger or one for each one of them delivered to their door. Head to my local bar tell everyone the drinks are on me and to call all of their friends by the end of the night it would be a wake and the best one ever!
To shreds you say?
I wish that we had some info on what her heirs did to deserve this.
Hey granny, you could have spited your heirs by doing something like giving the money to charity instead.
Should have done some research, [Brewster's Millions](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088850/) would have let her get through it in style.

Is this the same old lady that was blocking the moving walkway in the airport picture posted a few days ago?
Just FYI - In Austria, you can actually get bank notes replaced, as long as you have more than 50% of said bank notes. So it's pretty likely the heirs will get most of the inheritance, even though she shredded it.
My late grandfather just burried it in his backyard but wouldn't tell anyone where it was. The only patch of dirt among the grass gave it away
These comments sadden me 

As someone who's spending his life saving money and making sure my heirs have enough to be comfortable, I realize now that I need to never let on that I have money.

The people who are all eyeballing their parents and grandparents life savings as a windfall for themselves are despicable.  
https://imgur.com/qcN3PBs
Perhaps she cut up so many a day for every day they left her alone. Too many people die alone and forgotten. 
how is it "not a criminal matter" if she destroyed that much currency? i get that she cant really be charged at this point but still.

and why give the dollar amount if this happened in austria?
I could give 1 million to charity... Oooorrrr... I could just cut it up into little pieces.

Troll of the year!
Funny thing is, they can still reclaim the damaged money and exchange for full bills.

She created a inconvenience, and not much more.
Most central banks assure damaged bills are redeemable. Money is not merely an object it also has certain guarantees attached.

The lady should of made a will clearly giving it to charity or something.

Then you know the faces around the executor's table will be doing each of these in turn :) :| :( :O

When he/she says 'To each of you... I give the sum of... NOTHING. It's all going to the soup kitchen. Get lost.'


This speaks volumes of the boomer mentality, Would rather tear the money to shreds than help their children out or even donate it to cancer research.
It seems that she has not only upset her heirs but all the people who thought she could have used this money to help others. I would ask each of those who she offended by not doing something with her money to go out today and give to a charity or help a homeless person or do your own part to make a difference. Don't be upset that one woman did not do what you wanted her to do but make a difference by all of you people doing something. Collectively you can help many more than she would have alone.
I can't get my stereotype out of my head, that this a spiteful hateful old woman and she's shredding money she didn't earn, that SHE was given through inheritance or marriage, and instead of passing this on and making people's lives better, ANYONE's life better, she decided on this tribute of hate.  

She is a person the world will truly be better off without.
I'm guessing burning it would have been a better idea.
get out the scotch tape!
With that kind of money she could have split some serious hairs!
It sounds like she succeeded in spiting the heirs. 
I think we have different definitions of the word "tries", also to everyone suggesting she should have donated it to charity, what would then stop the heirs from suing said charity to reclaim their inheritance?
I can tell they worked on this and didn't just reword something they found on the internet somewhere.
Glad she didn't think her husband's dick as an asset. Would have been like godfather then.
Seems like she must have spent some SERIOUS time doing this, as 100,000,0000 euro (I went with the 100 euro banknotes weight taking into account that they have/or are in the process of doing away with the 500 euro banknotes) and it would be a decent amount of weight! (for paper) and i really think you'd have to go at this for hours and hours. To put that into perspective, she supposedly cut them all up BY HAND. 

Also, here is a site that will tell you what different amounts of money weigh, ect. http://1000000-euro.de/how-much-does-a-million-dollars-weigh/
I'm terrified of being such a failure as a parent that my offspring, the kids that I spent the better part of my life raising from little babies, would be such horrible people that I would hate them so much.
Gran went full [KLF](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6q4n5TQnpA).
Good for her.
Fortune to me always implied enough money to be arguably infinite for the foreseeable future. 
Now THIS is a responsible person. Are the heirs normal, are they drug addicts, are they lazy, are they hardworking? It's like giving money to the homeless. If you know they're going to use it to improve their life, you will definitely give money. If you see they're an irresponsible, pathetic addict who has no life values, well, let them rot.
Good.
Why not just donate it to charity or something? 
I mean, it's her money. She can do whatever she wants.
I like her.  

No squabbling over a will.

No claims of unfairness.   

She was a genius.
that's about how much my Grandmother has. I hope this isn't about my family.
what a mean granny--or maybe she had mean relatives
Interesting to see the different reporting styles, check the original article that Fox links to at the bottom (or [here](https://www.enca.com/life/entertainment/granny-shreds-million-euros-spite-heirs)).

Fox implies the heirs are SOL in getting the cash back, when the original appears to say otherwise.
How far must I scroll to find a suggestion that she could have donated it all to charity?
She gave everyone in the Australian economy a tiny bit more buying power.  What a nice lady.
Yeah, why not shred it, its not like other people on earth not related to you need basic necessities. 

Obviously this person is just as small minded as her greedy offspring, her thinking is that she would rather wast the money teaching her offspring what she should have taught them from birth than to teach them by helping others, this action only indicates that she was the creator of the small mindedness that she hated. 

That just gives them something to fight over but not for long because, ...Austria’s central bank said it would replace all the cash only “if the heirs can only find shreds of money and if the origin of the money is assured,” 

So they can use the money they do have, and prove where the money came from and get it anyways. Good work, your last action tried to teach your offspring the error of their ways, when they will just use the money they already have to hire a lawyer to prove the origin of the money and get it anyways so your dying action was meaningless, rest in peace.  

I guess we know now where they got their greedy small minded mentality, it seems to be a family trait. 

TLDR; Rich woman mad because she created greedy money grubbing offspring. She would rather try to teach them a lesson in greed, by destroying the money, rather than teach a lesson in humanity or compassion by giving it to those in need. Lesson she taught them with her dying action was "You cannot get rich helping others, you can only get rich if you cheat others."

Hell she could have given it to the nursing home she was in and did something to better the lives of those she spent her final days with, but no greed is a better lesson to end her life with. 



This is why if i ever have money(Never)

I will leave $1 to the shitstains and bequath to them... a boot to the head
As someone who cant afford their cancer medications, this infuriates me! I could have put good use to $3000 of that! Grrrrr.....!
85-year-old woman, a nursing home resident, takes all the money she has in the world and destroys it by cutting it up and placing the shreds on the bed of her room where she is discovered dead.  Sounds good.  Sounds really good.  Sounds too good.

How did she get all those notes into the nursing home and how did she manage to rip them up without someone at the nursing home being aware of what was going on?  How did she know just when she was going to die to do this and deposit the notes on her bed to be found?

It sounds like AFP and Fox News have found themselves an Onion story to run with.
INteresting that she snubbed and kept her money from her relatives, but instead gave it scot free to the EU's Central bank. It doesn't cost that much to make Eu currency, so they made a hefty profit off of her.

We wonder what she was thinking, or perhaps that's the key point here. What WAS she thinking?
I fully plan on doing this to my kids.. my lawyer gets 500K to withdraw the rest of my fortune and burn it.
To be fair, I wouldn't really call $1.1 million a "fortune." 
I think the day is past when $1.1 million is a fortune.
That's a good way to get put in a home, grandma.
"Fortune". A million dollars isn't exactly a lot of money these days.
How is that a crime?
not sure why a prosecutor cares of she shreds her money.
A lot of murders for money would be prevented if the estate tax were 100%
That ~~escalated~~ gestated quickly.
My cousin found out she was pregnant after she had the baby. She wasn't fat, either. No one knows how she hid a full term, 8lb baby in her tiny body and NO ONE knew. She said she was getting a little bloated and made a doctors appointment to get it checked out, but she had the baby first. 
This is like...my worst nightmare ever. 

Nope, nope, nope. That mega sucks for her and everyone this ever happens to.
"The couple were so ill prepared they had to borrow a car seat and a bassinet just to leave the hospital."

Not ill prepared, they literally had no idea they had to prepare for a baby. 
Some women just don't get big bellies when they are pregnant
I think it says a lot that most of the men on here are like "bullshit" and women are sharing their own personal experiences that could lead to something like this and the guys are still screaming bullshit. 

Guys: a period is not just "ooh my regularly timed and equal flow of blood is happening. I might get cranky but nothing else is happening, better grab a tampon"

A friend of mine had a baby without knowing, she was a little bit bigger than the average girl, so she thought she was just putting on weight because she was still having her period at the time. Went to the hospital because she didn't feel well and had a son that night. 
I have a friend who went in to the Dr because she thought she had a uti. And ended up finding out she was pregnant she gave birth 3 days later. And this girl was barely in her 20s it was her 3rd kid and she was always very thin. I have no idea where she hid her.
The people in this thread saying she should have known probably don't realize that every woman goes through pregnancy differently, and also TLC made an entire series about this.
This happened to a friend of mine, and we found out from the hospital that it was surprisingly common. 

http://www.babble.com/pregnancy/surprise-pregnancies/

This link has it as 1 in 7000, theres 2000 ish babies born in the UK every day, so that's one every 4 days here, probably a lot more in the US.
This happened to my former roommate's sister. She had a tilted uterus and never really showed. She was on depo and only had a little bit of spotting every month and that didn't change when she got pregnant. She said she didn't feel any movement, didn't have morning sickness. No symptoms whatsoever until she went into labor.

The baby looks like she has fetal alcohol syndrome though. A crytpic pregnancy is my worst nightmare. 
I seem to remember reading this happens to women whose pelvis is tilted at a different angle than usual. So instead of the baby bump growing outward from the body it kind of grows "inside". This is a very disturbing way to word this, I'm sorry. 
edit: spelling
Shit like this always terrifies me. Like I haven't been with a guy in years but every time I'm like I just get this little panic of what if I'm been sleep-hooking and there's a baby?
I have a friend who had a surprise baby. She was on BC the whole time, but she wasn't compatible with it so it didn't work. She continued to get her period through the whole pregnancy. Near the end, she started suspecting that she might be pregnant, so she went to the doctor. The test came back negative so she figured it was nothing. 

She was already a bigger girl, so she didn't see a noticible change, but she did notice she was gaining some weight. The baby was born prematurely, but was going to end up a 10 pound kid, instead came out at 8 pounds. 

It was very strange. She is the type of person who puts her entire life on Facebook. Like updates constantly, pictures everywhere. Looking back on her feed there is absolutely nothing about being excited to have a kid, or going to get ultra sounds. Then bam, 5 pictures of her in the hospital bed, seemingly out of nowhere.

You hear about these stories but don't believe them until you see it.
Every woman's worst nightmare, I'm sure. Gonna go take a pregnancy test now. 
This is so bizarre and what is even crazier is it happened to one of my employees.  She was definitely a bigger girl around 6 foot tall but also very strong.  One month before she gave birth she reduced her hours because she believed she had hurt her back.    

So we put her on light duty and all is well and then one day she ends up in the hospital because of severe back pain.  I was not there of course but from my understanding a nurse happened to check her out down below during her visit in the ER and noticed a babies head was crowning.  

So yeah it happens, she had no idea and just thought her back was giving out the whole time.

  
Christ, my worst nightmare. Some women carry their pregnancies higher and farther back than others, or still bleed during, etc and just can never know. This shit is terrifying, hope she's happy with it at least
I'm one of those babies that was a 1-hour-later surprise. 
This is horrifying but apparently not really that uncommon, considering TLC has an entire regular TV show called "I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant".
Peggy Olson?
This happened to a girl I know. It was like her fourth kid and she didn't even know she was pregnant. Also she is not fat by any means. She thought she was dying and went to the hospital and found out she was in labor.
"The parents have named her Carolyn Rose after both of their mothers."

I had to read that about 5 times before I grasped that one of the mothers names was Rose and the other was Carolyn, not that the mother and father had mothers with identical names. 
I almost didn't bother reading the article because of the source; there are so many people in India that this is bound to not be *that* rare......clicked on the link though and it's in my own state! Yikes! 
I saw "timesofindia" and thought it must be some rural place in India. But no, it is in MA. 
The fact that this was a cryptic pregnancy is nothing compared to the fact that she was surprised at 47 years old! The odds of conceiving naturally and carrying to full-term at that age are pretty miniscule.
Its called "I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant".  It's a TV show that has several seasons of multiple people per episode.  Some women have been on there more than once.
That's just about enough  time for an emergency baby shower. 
God this is my absolute nightmare. I'm on the implant, and one of the happily introduced side effects is that my periods are non existent asides from a small amount of spotting every three to four months or so it's like my body going "hey you're not preggers, keep doing what'cha doing!".

Honestly though if I god pregnant, I'd probably not notice until my belly really began to swell up and possibly past the point of abortion. I couldn't have a baby at this age, what with going to uni and trying to get a good career so the prospect of it happening just frightens me so hard.
Isn't this a Fringe episode too?  Might have been closer to like 25 min though
Tom Segura nailed it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zh3NhDt3I_0
If this happened in the US, did any US publication cover this story or was timesofindia getting up to the minute coverage from an on the ground reporter?
This happened to someone I work with.  She went to the Dr. with stomach pains and came home with a baby.  Talk about a life changer.
There's an entire TV show about these scenarios

At least she had time to get used to the idea.
WTF is with all the shitty edgy comments in this thread?
If the kid can go to college one hour after being born, she's got it made.
"I swear honey, I thought you were just fat!"
It's not really news (and certainly not onion-worthy) as it's a pretty common occurence. 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuck. I gotta take a shit!
Can you imagine being the instant father?
Now THAT'S what I call a baby shower! I've taken longer showers than that...
They know what causes that these days. Wonderful advancement in medical knowledge!
[deleted]
I feel sorry for that kid,  as the mother was probably malnourished throughout the pregnancy.
Happened to a friend of mine in Maine. His girlfriend went to the hospital with abdominal pain (she was big,  certainly, but didnt look pregnant) and left with a newborn. The house was literally full of car parts and high powered weapons. Poor guy.
To be fair, there is that show "I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant" where women give birth and thats when they realise they were pregnant
This is much more common than you think.  Especially with fat people.
[deleted]
My mom's friend went into the doctor thinking she had appendicitis and found out she was in labor. It's pretty crazy how someone can go 9 months and not notice they haven't had a period for over 8 months, not feel the movement of a baby inside you, not have a noticeable bulge in your belly, and much more.
I have had a friend who didn't know she was pregnant until she went into labor.

Yes, she is obese.
This is very common in morbidly obese women. A few dozen pounds here or there is so unnoticed, and they often have very irregular periods anyway.

Hint, if your body is so fucked up that a 9 month PERSON GROWING INSIDE OF YOU timeframe doesn't alert you, get your shit together.
Too much Naan.
How fat and dumb you have to be to not find out if you're pregnant ?
I have had two babies and I don't understand how someone can be pregnant and not know it. Even if your belly doesn't get big there is all the hormonal changes and the baby moving. At about 36 weeks the baby is so big your whole belly moves when the baby moves. Just don't know how it's possible. 
I found out I was pregnant well into labor. And I'm supposed to be impressed by this lady with shit-tons of forewarning? Yawn.

edit: I'm getting down-voted for this comment. Oh well. I really did have one of those crazy situations where I found out where I was pregnant as I was giving birth. That was a very long time ago, so I thought it was amusing that this woman had an hour heads-up (but not in a mean way). I still don't know why this is getting down-voted though. 

I felt like crap at work, so I took a commuter train home from the city. On the way, I felt like I had the worst ever issue with my GI track. I went into the handicap bathroom (important to note because it's bigger and the door is two steps away from the toilet). It wasn't a stomach ache - it was the kid who currently is my teenager upstairs. The door was too far away for me to open and beg for help. I gave birth by myself. When I was stable enough to stand, I carried my little one with me and we left the bathroom (I still have the sweater that served as his first baby blanket). Someone called an ambulance to take us to the hospital.

My husband works in IT and worked for the hospital that they took us to. He had just worked on Maternity's printer and hated that department (he gets barked at by the Maternity Ward nurses). They told him to come back and he was pissed because he thought they were playing power games with him. He didn't know that he was going back to see his new baby. 

That was one hell of a day at work for us both. Fun note: doctors are funny as hell when they don't need to actually work - mine said I did such a good job on my own, he offered me a job. 
ITT: people defending tards who don't realize a living being is inside of them.

Edit: Hmmm the tears off ignorant people, I drink them up
Hey lets play *HOW MORBIDLY OBESE IS THE DISGUSTING AMERICAN WOMAN?*!!

step on up and don't miss your chance to win!
Sorry, but babies move inside. You can't have a baby not move for the whole 9 months. Something was felt, but the choice to ignore facts is strong with people these days. 
[deleted]
Some people shouldn't procreate.... Yet they always do.
/r/mildlyretarded
Also, she felt the baby she just chose to ignore it. How does she know when it's time to take a shit, that's right she feels it!
What about the kicking? The rolling? The head jammed down your cervix? How do these things go amiss for the last 3 months of pregnancy? Im flummoxed. 
she must have been super fat.... and thus ugly and not hot
I still find this very hard to believe, I think most people are in denial, or just not paying attention to their bodies. There are so many symptoms in pregnancy you might not get all of them but you will get some. Even if you still bleeding monthly you would think you would realize it's way lighter then normal, and babies move lots, a healthy baby moves on average 10 times in 2 hours.  Idk these people just blow my mind.

I did know one girl who didn't know she was pregnant (so she says).  She wasn't a big girl, but she started wearing baggier and baggier clothing so you couldn't really see her body shape.  She also drank everyday, so that kid had some serious problems.
I thought this whole thing was going to be a fat joke.

I am human trash.
I like how they give a silhouette of a mother that is in perfect health and a baby and we all know the mother was very obese.
India has the second largest population in the world, that leads to all kinds of stupid stories. And most of them are either one-up's/copy's of western stories or just plain stupid lies. 

How the fuck do you miss your period for multiple months and not notice?

How fat and dumb you have to be to not find out if you're pregnant ?
See, I would have gone with headline: "Jeb Bush would kill a baby."  
&gt;“The problem with going back in history and doing that as we know from the series –- what’s the series with Michael J. Fox called?  the ‘Back to the Future’ series -- is that it could have a dangerous effect on everything else,” the former Florida governor added. "But I’d do it. I mean – [it is] Hitler.”
...but would he *abort* Hitler?

That's how you blow Jeb's mind. That and the "got your nose" trick.
God, if I only had one question in the next debate....

&gt;Who would win in a fight? The entire US military force, or a trillion lions?
Okay we need to find where he draws the line, though. Baby Mussolini? Baby Franko? Baby Robert Mugabe? We need to find out the level of evil baby he's willing to tolerate. I only want to know so that Trump can one-up him on time travel baby assassination scenarios.
They should have asked the following:

1. Would you kill baby Hitler?

2. If your only chance to kill baby Hitler was in utero, would you perform the abortion?

he would be forced to answer yes so he could catch up with Trump and Carson in the 'shit that comes out their mouths' poll.
Why is it always kill?  Why not steal baby hitter and leave him on synagogue steps?
Doesn't he realize that will put a crimp on grandpa's checking account?
Maybe we go back in time and kill Alois Schicklgruber before he beats the hell out of adolescent Adolf so his life isn't so harsh and fucked up?

That *has* to help. [Look at this guy.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e8/Alois_Hitler_in_his_last_years.jpg)
In fact, I kill every baby I see in case they're the reincarnation of Hitler. 
Jeb just lost the Krieger vote. That's big. There's a lot of them.
[deleted]
Why does everyone want to kill baby Hitler?

Wouldn't it be easier to kill art student Hitler? Art students are the worst. 
This is a bold campaign move, coming out against Hitler.

Where no man has gone before.
If I can go back in time to kill Hitler as a baby then surely I can just take him alive back into the future and have him raised in a different environment.

Being so eager to say you would kill a baby just because of what he would do doesn't look good.
Better question: "Would you go back in time and stop your grandfather, Prescott Bush, from [financing]( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/sep/25/usa.secondworldwar) **adult** Hitler's rise to power?" 
Yeah. I don't think his grandfather Prescott would be very pleased about that:


http://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/sep/25/usa.secondworldwar
Plot twist. Jeb did go back in time and killed baby Hitler. 2nd plot twist. Wasn't Hitler, just someones baby. Jeb doesn't realise and celebrates on aircraft carrier with giant mission accomplished sign in the background. Classic Jeb.
&gt;“I don’t know if it was Reddit or not, but good God,” Bush quipped about the source of his latest batch of emails.

Classic.
Jeb Kush with some more gold
I think in any political campaign, "don't adopt any political platform that is pro-Hitler" is probably good advice.
Lately, JEB! is well past the point of just being a bad candidate.

He's now coming off as the damaged 6th grader who *desperately* wants to sit at the 7th grade loser table... 

I'm actually embarrassed for him now. 

"Yeah, I'd kill Hitler, but not until I'm done hunting wolverines, duh!"
If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Jeb Bush, I would shoot Jeb twice.
Didn't the bush family support the nazi campaign, and actually support Hitler's rise to power before America joined the war?
In the next GOP debate the first question for the "candidates" should be: Jeb Bush confirmed he would kill baby Hitler. Would you support Hitler's mother having an abortion? Do you support abortion or the systematic killing of 6 million Jews? 
But would he abort fetus Hitler?
But just after denying Hitler's mom the right to an abortion.

"Hey don't kill that baby, he has every right to live, but when he's born, OFF with his head."
Too bad he didn't kill his brother when he was a baby.
Dear Jeb, wouldn't that action cause Prescott Bush and the union bank to lose money?
I wouldn't try and kill baby Hitler. Because if time travel exists that means some one else has to have tried it and they failed. They all failed. Baby Hitler is a pro at killing time travelers now. I'm not taking that risk. 
The Red Alert series has shown this would just leave us with telsa coil sentries, really hot commando chicks, and a psychic megalomaniac.
I'm amazed by how on earth they keep falling for the ridiculously loaded questions but it's super funny, so I hope it never stops.

Reporter: "Jeb, when did you stop buying coke for your brother?"

Jeb!: "Never!?"

Jeb!: "........."

Jeb!: "Doh!"
I mean...i wouldn't save baby Hitler if it came down to it. 
In fairness, the Bush family has never had a problem with killing people.
Jeb with the Reddit shoutout.  Nice.
Next debate question. If you could kill baby Hitler, how would you do it?
Is this how Hitler ended up with that scar on his forehead?
Should have killed his older brother and spared us WWIII.
but how will he solve the time travel paradox in this scenario?


This guy really wants to please his jewish masters...
What about killing baby Prescott Bush?
But then how would grandpappy Prescott Bush make all that money supplying Nazi steel?
I give him credit. He's politician who actually answered a question. 
I'm just starting to feel bad for how bad Jeb is at life. He reminds me of the kid in high school who tries so hard to say the right thing, make everyone laugh, and be cool, but instead garners the WTF reaction? Half his campaign has been backtracking on stupid things he thinks out loud. Smh
Now I want to see a (photoshopped?) image of Jeb strangling an infant.
Not if Hitler kills baby Jeb first.
The idiot fruit doesn't fall far from the idiot tree.
So Republicans have a baby killer and a guy who stabs people and attacked his mother with a hammer as candidates for President?
Kind of fitting actually.
So..........fuck "pro-life" in certain cases? 
I know this is all rhetoric but, if you can go back in time, you really don't even have to kill baby Hitler. Just prevent his parents from meeting and marrying. 

As others have said, the problem with time travel and changing it is that you don't know how it affects other things. You might get rid of Hitler, and give rise to someone worse that wins the war.
Its such a strange hypothetical because I've heard hitleresque solutions to the problems in the middle east from westerners who aren't quite as charismatic as adolf was.  
what does pro-life mean?
this got me thinking...what if hitler was killed during WWI?

Does the Nazi party still come to dominate German politics without hitler?

What consequences does this have on WWII? Is there a WWII? Does the Soviet Union start expanding unchecked? 
I'd kidnap a baby Hitler and raise him right
ok, no Hitler, no WWII, no SOE, no OSS, no CIA, no HW Bush head of CIA, no HW Bush president, no Jeb Bush presidential candidate.
I thought religion is the cure for all evils. Apparently not.
IF YOU WANNA SEE ME KILL BABY HITLER, GIVE ME A HELL YEAH! (that's how I imagine this went down).
Goddamned babies crying all the time travel baby assassination scenarios. http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?id=3918 This relevant smbc has your answer to choose from...
Christ.  People will actually reconsider their votes based off that answer.
I would love to hear him describe how he would kill a baby Hitler.  When killing infants does he prefer drowning, strangulation .. what?

Also, being pro life, If he could travel back in time, would he recommend Mrs. Hitler get an abortion?

How about one level deeper; say he only had the chance to kill Hitler's mother when she was a toddler?  Would he kill a baby, baby Hitler's mother?
Is the general consensus that this is a bad idea? I get that alternate timelines could be dangerous, but the holocaust was pretty damn nasty too.
He should go back in time and kill baby George Bush. Save Iraq 10 years of war. 
I'd kill baby Jeb and every other baby Republican.  
And, where does he draw a distinction between hitler and his brother?  Missiles/drones or gas chamber?
Personally, I would do something kidnap and relocate him (forever changing his and the worlds destiny)... but killing works too I guess. 
This sounds like something I would say when speaking to friends about "if I were a time traveling presidential candidate" after 14 beers and a couple bong hits, not an actual presidential candidate. 
Isn't this one of those "I don't answer hypothetical questions" questions?
Kill baby hitler? I wouldn't. Take the place of the guy that rejected him from art school, and let him in? Totally choose that option.
Good to know that the Republican candidates' child killing capabilities are now a major factor.
He'd kill a baby but is against abortion? I'm only assuming he is against abortion. 
I wonder if he'd abort fetus Hitler?
So, if baby Hitler was in a womb would Jeb be okay or not okay with abortions?
But then Geobels and Rommel may have actually come to peace terms that left nazi Germany intact rather than go down in flames. What if they did not start a 2 front war and kept Stalin on friendly terms?
This sounds like a quote from Will Ferrel's stand up HBO special about Jeb Bush instead of George Dubyuh. If you haven't seen it I believe it's called "You're Welcome America" 
Jeb would do it to usurp Hitler's power.

BTW, is this the type of question your U.S. media is asking people vying for the job of President nowadays?
The problem with killing baby hitler is that he really hasn't become hitler yet, so you would just be a guy who killed a baby. 
I'd hire an art teacher for him as soon as possible...
Is this some stupid pro-abortion "gotcha"?
He is so bad at campaigning. 
Without Hitler the Bush family would probably not even be rich. And without being rich Sr wouldn't have been president and without that Jeb wouldn't be anything. 
Oh god, he's another idiot Bush boy.  Just answering that question shows how stupid he is.
I'd go back in time and teach him love, tolerance, history, science, and how not to be such a fucking terrible artist.  
Ya, I was in a different environment.
No Jeb that is not how it works. You find baby Hitler and mold him to create a new Hitler that wants to create a better world but without genocide and shit....
So I guess I'm the only one who's seen the Outer Limits episode "Cradle of Darkness"?
I would put baby Hitler up for adoption in a different country, then at least he would have respect for another race and not be such a cunt in general. He was definitely a product of his environment, I dont think baby Hitler was evil.. like come on.
This kept getting better as I scrolled down. This race is really making me fear what 2020 will look like if we don't get Bernie .
So, there is someone who would kill a baby. What are his ideas on abortion again?
I'm always less likely to trust someone who is so completely confident in simple solutions to what are supposed to be complex philosophical questions of morality.
Maybe he was thinking of his brother?
Seriously though, as a presidential candidate, what is the best way to answer this question?

If you say yes, people think you're ok with killing a baby. If you say no, people think you're ok with hitler.  Opponents could spin it either way.
Oh great so we could be living in a Europe dominated world? Fuck that.
I would not tamper with time, even to prevent something bad. You could seriously screw things up. I actually went back in time and saved Jeb Bush from a car accident in 84'. I really screwed up.
Merica
It'd be better if he said that he'd throw him "into those pyramidin' silos, headfirst. Crack his heed on the bottom."
Jeb is a T-800.
but would he allow Hitlers mother to abort him?
I wouldn't kill baby Hitler because for all we know the timeline changes and worse (like a nuclear war) occurs.
Kinda disturbing since baby Hitler is well.. a baby?

So I suggest everyone votes for Jeb because then you guys can say "We got a president who has no problems killing babies and insane people".
And he's back in the election, baby!!
“Jeb: 'Hell yeah’ I’d kill baby Hitler”
Personally I’d save Socrates. Since then he might be able to introduce a much needed new form of education into our schools. In which our young are taught to cogently question those processes occurring inside their minds. Rather than merely accepting them as rational, without any testing at whatsoever. Such a revolution in thinking, could then turn Hitler, Jeb, and hopefully the entire human world around. Merely by requiring its people to check out what they already know for certain is true. That their childlike understanding of reality, isn’t chock-full of inconsistencies, contradictions, and rampant incongruence.  

Baby Hitler would smack the piss out of Jeb.
He is a Bush alright.
What about baby Stalin, baby Mohammed,  baby Genghis Kahn etc...?
Warm up the time machine...
Baby Hitler would smack the piss out of Jeb.
you wouldnt really need to kill him. you could switch him to another family, maybe say he died after birth. this could have the same effect. 
US Marines vs. a stick.  Who wins?  Next question for debate.
Yeah, forget rehabilitation and changing the future ... just kill the fuckers.  In fact, if you're a criminal, let's kill you too before you can do anything.  The Bushs don't want the competition.  The fucks.  That they are even allowed to remain in your country shows how fucked up America is.
Florida makes people stupid.  
A better headline would be, jen  bush is pro choice. 
Say what you want about Hitler, but the bottom line is: that dude killed Hitler. 
Read it as Hillary at first
This shit is funny, laugh at this shit, but also read about politicians and their voting record. Like a relationship, pay attention to what they do, not what they say- even if it's retarded. Okay, pay a *little* attention to what they sa- 

Does anyone have a website that breaks down every politician and their positions, voting record, bills, etc?
The war on Baby Hitler is so pointless and unwinnable that it's like George W. Bush started it.
People say they'd kill baby Hitler, but not educate him or make sure he doesn't grow up hating non-Aryans and the disabled?
So, in other words, he's pro-abortion? Every human is capable of incredibly cruel acts. If babies yould have power to kill, most of us would be dead. Empathy develops with life experience, and since babies have none, they're definitely psychopaths. So I guess killing the potential murderers in the woumb would be a good thing, no?
Haha, this is actually indistinguishable from an actual Onion article. 
He must not have read [IATT Bulletin 1147](http://www.abyssapexzine.com/wikihistory/).
lol campaign trial
Jeb... and the media... are just trying to keep him relevant. 
Sure destabilizing Iraq could have horrible consequences in the first place, why bother thinking it through?
“I don’t know if it was Reddit or not, but good God,” Bush quipped about the source of his latest batch of emails.

haha
Damn, I like to think he didn't hesitate when he said this. Only making him look better in my view.
Maybe he should challenge him to a 'beard-off', because he can't grow a full beard, when he does, it comes in patchey. 
What?! A Bush that enjoys killing? No way. 
Wouldn't that piss off his grandfather?
Kill Hitler, maybe stop WWII, and also maybe stop one of the largest periods of economic growth in history. WWII made the United States what it is. So, killing baby Hitler is a very narrow minded approach. He at least eluded to knowing this, but still insisted he would throw caution to the air and kill baby Hitler. 

On a related note. Why in the fuck is this even a question we ask one of our candidates? Are all of the other issues solved already? 
Anti-abortion, but would kill a baby if knew what they would do in life. Makes sense. 
He'd kill the baby instead of raise it differently.  Hilarious.  What a dope, he isn't even capable of that kind of insight.  This is actually a BOON to your voting decisions.
The fact that he can't remember 'Back to the Future' is the bigger issue here. 
Jeb would literally kill Hitler. 
The catch is that this assassination attempt inevitably fails and is what leads the baby to become Hitler. Way to go, Jeb.
Interesting question, but given that no one really knows how that would turn out, or what ramifications killing Hitler would have for anyone, that's a completely stupid response.
I thought right wing republicans ate babies all the time, how is this any different? 
Instead of laughing we should thank fucking god this Bush has weak social skills/no charm. There's no way he can win which is a great thing for all humanity.
Jeb Bush speaks heart: murder foreign heads of state; baby killing acceptable too.
But he wouldn't abort him
He talks about the things that matters to everyone. Jeb 2087 !!
This is how red alert starts
Basically, Jeb Bush would be the asshole standing in a stranger's house, holding a dead baby.

Dude, time travel isn't real. 
People unfortunately frame Jeb Bush as a classic example of a bought and paid for type of politician. Small, fun quotes like this prove at least to me that he has real personality which is something that we should actually consider in our president. (Super political, sorry) (actually not sorry) (please God just don't vote for the T-word)
Has no one mentioned the Evil Baby Orphanage?
WTF?  He's a BABY!

Take him to the present to be raised by a nice gay Jewish family.

What is it with some people?
Hitler was a symptom of a crumbling society. Someone else would have created war, extinguish the Jews? I dunno, but there was a LOT of antisemitism then. 

Killing Hitler would do nothing. Perhaps the better solution would have been to stop the Allies from creating the Treaty of Versailles, which left Germany with no options but war. 
Doesn't matter.  Hitler was the demented product of an antisemitic society that was breeding fools like him.  He had bureaucrats and the Nazi party backing him.  They probably would have propped some other fool up to take his place.

Think about all the stupid things we hear on a daily basis.   Now this is what the "hate" leads to.  We need to collectively realize that fanaticism is a serious sociological problem.
[deleted]
I wouldn't kill him but I would probably go back and rape him.

Like when he was younger at a vulnerable age.  Just fuck his mind up.
That's a bold statement Cotton, lets see how it pans out for him.

I hate him but to be fair i would kill a baby hitler in a baby-hitler-heartbeat
Edit: just thought of something , what a fucking giveaway answer , who would say no to killing hitler, baby or otherwise???? Its a question made to be criticized either youre a dick for killing a baby or a nazi for not killing hitler, idgaf who it was asked to , its a dumb ass question  
The Republican is a baby killing supporter? 
said the guy that helped his brother steal votes, and run fema into the ground. 
It speaks a lot to how people like Jeb see the world that they would look at any baby and say "hell yeah Id kill that baby" and not for example "I will raise this child to be a good person, rather than a hitler".
I do not like this man.
So would it be illegal to pose the questions - would you kill baby W.? Or baby Cheney?
Well, good on him for not driving while drunk.
&gt;A 274-page report on the deputy’s behavior...

Sounds like this guy really knew how to party...
&gt; drank alcohol instead of attending DUI training

Isn't drinking alcohol the first part of DUI training?
In his defense it does not say that he drove anywhere. MADD should be proud.
MADD isn't out to make anyone safer.  It's a lobby organization that politicizes tragic accidents to force politicians to do their bidding.  They're basically a modern day temperance movement.  
I love this part of another article on the incident:  

Deputy Szeliga was reportedly drinking all day at the hotel pool with two other deputies. And what was the punishment for disrespecting the MADD conference attendees and embarrassing his department to the max? A one day suspension. Oh, the Pinellas Sheriffs Department also moved forward with a planned promotion for Szeliga—he’s now a detective:
Szeliga now works as a detective in the sheriff’s crimes against children unit. 
how could no one mention jim lahey?
That's some Super Troopers shit right there. Farva!!
What is playing cornhole?
From the article: "Szeliga drank and played corn hole "

TIL: Florida has different euphemisms than you.
Well at least he didn't drive drunk!
&gt;Szeliga drank and played cornhole until he saw his fellow deputies leaving training.

Should've known cornhole would be involved after he drank.
Everytime I hear the word "cornhole": https://youtu.be/FJadYIFmcwQ
MADD is a bunch of morons. They care more about extorting states to not lower the drinking age than actual drunk driving.
It's probably the most common way, but he could have been to describe it.
If so you are obviously in the world was in that report?
M.A.D.C.* was also furious upon hearing this.

^*^Mothers ^^Against ^^Drunken ^^Cornholing

I got into a conversation with a contractor working in my parents house over drums and how he used to play all kinds of gigs. He told me the strangest one was the mothers against drunk driving event where they had an open bar. All the mothers were apparently smashed early into the night. A little bit ironic I think.
I bet that made them MADD
Uuuuuhhhhhh in any job if you represent your position intoxicated you should be fired. If you worked at McDonald's and showed up hammered to an employee meeting, fired. If your job includes carrying a gun should be stricter, not a free pass. Getting trashed as you put it is not a right when representing a gov agency. You sound like a major alcoholic just making excuses for the booze
Spoken like a true alcoholic. "Its my god given right to get trashed man!"
Seems like somebody has a guilty conscience about all those arrests
Completely TIFU-worthy.
&gt; Szeliga drank **and played cornhole** until he saw his fellow deputies leaving training.

WTF?
That man is now my hero. 
Instructions unclear, pirated his movie.
Currently, there's a movement in the Czech Republic to stop watching this video as soon as it hits 200,000 views, just to spite the BSA (Czech anti-piracy organisation, backed by Hollywood), because it is known to use extortionist techniques and ask for massive sentences for file-sharers. Do help out by not giving the video any views after it hits the 200k.

(Close it immediately if you see it open with more than 200k views, and your view won't count.)
It's over 200k! Stop looking at it! 
At 194,000, he's so close! By the end of the day I'm sure he'll have it.
Scumbag BBC: "This guy needs 200,000 views to avoid going to jail!"


DOESN'T PROVIDE A LINK TO THE VIDEO IN THE ARTICLE.
Looks like he needs another 65K. 

Here we go! 

https://youtu.be/CKjPutIlBCA

He has reached his goal, heres a mirror as to not increase the view count on his main video. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKjPutIlBCA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Seems like a marketing gimmick, very few end up in jail.
Facebook will be stealing the majority of those views, no doubt.
This is the "shit just got real" version if all that Facebook clickbait asking you to "like this post so jimmy can beat typhoid" nonsense.
Reddit hug of life.
I'm not a pirate nor do I support piracy, but I am against the ridiculous fees and jail time associated with it so have a view. 
Currently, 267,000+ views and counting.  Looks like he won't be spending any time in court.
Let's promote this video and let's reshare it so everyone can see the dangers of anti-piracy legislation.

The sharing of digital media for non-commercial purposes is a good thing.

Any law that inhibits or even prohibits the sharing of digital media for non-commercial purposes should be considered a direct attack on our most fundamental freedoms. It is a form of censorship and must be opposed in all its forms.
&gt; HBO Europe

Game of Thrones? Their fault for making it so fucking difficult to watch legally.
The only reason I pirate is to see if a game is fun, if it is, I buy, if it's not, then I simply dont play or buy it. 
Fuck intellectual property and fuck the corporations. Open source the world!
Seems like a power-play by the corporate elite to show how they can  make a message like this go viral.

This is all very symbolic. 
15 million dollars?
Christ, when will they get it - it's NOT a loss if they weren't getting the money anyway. Yea, they should be paid, blah blah, but they are not losing what they would not be paid.

Ruining a life for copying some software is disgusting - these people are punished worse than pedophiles and murderers over a COPY. Once production costs are made up, it's pure profit, particularly with a digital distribution vector.

I get it, it's not right to take the work of others, but punishment, if one wants to argue against other conceptualizations of copyright, should be proportional. If you went around giving people the software with instructions - yes, there's a lot of culpability in that.

If I contribute via a torrent, it was their choice to acquire it and those are just inert files if they don't do the act themselves. If I could find it, they could too.

Anyhow, moral of the story is piracy is overpunished on trumped up charges for a crime that is relatively victimless.

Personally, the studios are the biggest patrons of it. My buddy bought a blu-ray drive for his PC the other day - and because of all the retarded DRM on blu-ray, he couldn't find software to play it that wasn't additionally $100 extra - and he BUYS his movies.

Tell me how it's a contest between buying a $30 disc you watch maybe once, that only sometimes works, to have a cheaper extended edition release half a month down, potentially on a new format..... 

or

Go online, download a file. Watch forever, whenever, $0.

This is why it's a losing proposition! DRM truly only punishes the customers, because the pirates only get the content through breaking it - and it's always going to get broken.

People should be compensated, but let's not pretend this is what they make it out to be. It's a bunch of greedy fucks drastically over-valuing what they put on the market - and additionally making it problematic to use.

That said, I end with this: support DRM free. Buy it, don't just PWYW and put $0. Humble bundles are great, buying DRM-free is good, and worst case scenario, stick it to those bastards and go FOSS. 

I am wetting myself watching all the internet hard men boasting about piracy in a thread that youtube will hand over as the main source for the sudden surge in views.

You stick to them, you big hard fuckers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMhfbLRoGEw
Sooo is there anywhere I can see the video in english. Or at least with English subtitles?
Is there nothing else that can be done here? This extortion is a little upsetting
I watched it, even in a different language...
I think I'm going to pirate something instead out of spite. Which companies were those again...
400k views as this post is made
Thanks guys! I'll make sure to let him know that the reddit civil army helped him out when I see him.
And here we witness the first time in internet history in which people cant actually save someones life by clicking "share".
400,000 + views

Was it to be within a set amount of time?
WE DID IT, REDDIT!
What hes trying to seem like is "intimacy in relationships is replacing with porn" so hes trying to lessen his contribution to the porn overload, but really he just wants his magazine to no longer be associated with the majority of porn now a days, being hidden and secretive.

He really just wants to be able to sell his magazines in grocery stores and chain book stores
TIL the CEO of Playboy is named Flanders.
Well, all those people who said they buy playboys for the articles can now prove they were telling the truth all along. 
"Flanders says there is too much interest in porn.
Stupid Flanders"
&gt; This is a second opportunity for a first impression for our brand, and to make the brand more relevant to **millennial males which was always his target audience**

&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;

Always, Hef? So you were targeting them before they were born? That's forward-thinking and a little creepy.
I would be much more interested in the article if it showed boobs. 
This is actually a good move. Right now, Playboy is in a no-mans-land of being too "hard" or "unsafe" to garner widespread acceptance/views/subscriptions, yet too "soft" to reach the porn audiences. 
I wouldn't say porn takes away from intimacy in relationships unless you've never had a relationship or you are way too into porn. I watch it occasionally but my boyfriend is really engrossed in it sometimes and always has been; it's nice because he's smart enough to separate reality from pornography, in that people in porn don't look or behave the same way as most real women. I'm really really not a feminist, so I hope the next thing I say doesn't run in that direction, but I do think porn shapes a huge part of the way people physically view those they are attracted to, especially in men, the same way that romance movies often shape what women see men as. It's making modern, healthy relationships difficult to come by. 
Wouldn't it just be a pr/money move?
I understand it's a business.
Porn, is pretty much free. People moved from books/magazines since computers/phone are mainstream now. 
When I was 20, my dad moved out of his apartment and onto his boat, and he bestowed unto me a 2-foot high stack of Playboys. I think it was supposed to be a joke, because some of them were the same ones he'd catch me sneaking peeks at, or stealing from his room to hide in mine.

However, those Playboys lived with me for a few years, and read everything that interested me out of them. Sure, the pictorials were fun while  I was without internet access, but the stuff I remember is the articles. The summer I got those, I remember thinking "Holy shit, no wonder everyone always gets so defensive when they say they read it for the articles. The articles are fucking fantastic!" It's since always been a dream to get my writing published in Playboy, because I feel like in a lot of ways, it's an artifact from a different era in publishing. 

Playboy has never been about big titles that grab your attention. Maybe big titties that grab your attention, but the articles have always been well-written, balanced, and fun to read. They really have a visible focus on the quality of their articles, and it's a shame it gets overshadowed by the tits. I'm kinda glad they're going mainstream, but to be honest, they're such an artifact, I think the time to pivot was 10 years ago. If their circulation is down a fifth, that means they're probably on the way out just like most other good magazines still printed on dead trees.

This is just spitballing, but I wouldn't be surprised to see Conde Nast buy them in the next decade or so, especially once Hef kicks the bucket.
Sour grapes.
The true reality is that there is plenty of porn on the web but very little of it represents sex or incites admiration like playboy does.  

But can they pull it off? I mean, they have decades of their own marketing to fight against!
Now you can say "I only buy Playboy for the articles" and keep a straight face.
..........what have you been doing with your life Mr. CEO?
There's a big difference between erotica (which is basically what Playboy deals in) and porn.

A big, hot, hard, throbbing, juicy difference.
Poorly worded. "Porn is too interesting" is better.
[Exactly what I thought when reading the article.](http://i.imgur.com/5noHKsb.jpg)
Playboy wants to make money from being a clickbait site. So they have to distance themselves publicly so they can attract legit advertisers to their website.
The irony.......it is palpable.
Of course its Flanders that takes naked women out of Playboy.
Porn and sexy are related, but quite different. 
I feel like Playboy was always sort of classy when it came to porn compared to the stuff you see on the internet.  I am sad to see it change, but honestly I haven't purchased a Playboy since the 90's, I have no one to blame buy myself.
Makes sense, I've met so many people who ONLY READ IT FOR THE ARTICLES !
So this all makes perfect sense.
It's about TIME somebody said this.     
Hopefully Martha Stewart will write some articles for Playboy. Martha Stewart is HOT!!!
*clicks on link because of thumbnail image*
I love the "stuff" in print. What are good alternatives?
Their first link to related news is about Modigliani's Reclining Nude. I don't see how that relates at all.
A guy named Flanders is the CEO of Playboy?

Okely dokely.
who wants to see a car in a parking lot not doing anything. you want to see that baby on the road, in action, taking those tight turns , sucking those black cocks 
However, those Playboys lived with me for me, not for my smokin bod.
They're done.  No one here is planning on subscribing.
I thought I'd never see the day
While Playboy does have nudity in it, many would not consider it porn.  I think they always tried to do a lot of shots in a tasteful manner.
Wow the level of bitching women decrying porn is hilarious. How about men boycott sex toys as damaging to our manhood?
So, they're just going to be FHM, but with better articles?
Nice PR stunt. You don't have a prayer. Your industry is dead and there is no salvaging it.
 I'm fairly sure if they took porn off the internet, there'd only be one website left, and it'd be called Bring back the porn!” - Dr.Cox
I hope playboy goes out of business
[deleted]
someone is shadowbanned


"Person in western country confused why they have to learn western history"
I can't decide who I hate more. The whiny girl, the writer of this article or the commenters on the article. Everyone involved in this link is awful. 
Then next time she gets sick she should abstain from any treatments that are products of western medicine.
&gt;It's as if the Visigoths are sacking Rome all over again. Intellectually raping and pillaging across campus,

*sigh* You can't frame yourself as the voice of moderation and then use histrionic language like this to describe someone complaining about a choice of reading material.
"We are looking at history through the lens of these powerful, white men. I have no power or agency as a black woman, so where do I fit in?"

She's never going to grow up and be a "black woman with power and agency" if all she wants to do is sit in the corner of her "safe space" and cry about how unfair the world is.
Okay, seriously?

If they don't want to be there so badly, why don't they just drop out?
This article is  clearly written in a neutral voice. As such, we should all believe it to be true and correct./s

Holy shit. You know what I did when I was confronted with ideas I wasn't a fan of in first year? I sucked it up and regurgitated them when it was time to write my paper. A few were so repulsive that I felt like I had to present a well-reasoned counter-argument (i.e. females don't fit classic sex offender typologies, ha someone with a Ph-fuckin'-D in the subject says that they not only do, they fit a number of them better than their male counterparts).
I read that article and think, "man she should try turning down the sensitivity on her oppression radar."

Then I read the comments and I'm like "holy shit man, there are still ultra racist people out there and that's probably why she's so sensitive."

Like to add that "safe spaces" are retarded. There's no safe space in the jungle of contemporary life. The equalizers out there with super sensitive radars are destined to be butthurt forever.
The comments section on that article is positively terrifying. People can be so repulsive. 
I'm sure most people in this sub disagree with me, but it really is exhausting to keep reading books from the exact same perspective. Like, I get it, Socrates was Plato's MPDG. Oh, this authors whole life revolves around wanting to fuck a woman that doesn't want to fuck him, or society says he should be married to her first, and marriage is terrible! Right. Hemingway is sexist.

That being said, I feel a similar way about books chosen in the interest of diversity. Black people only existed in the South in the 50s and 60s. Japanese people only existed in internment camps. The only places to exist are England and America. Vietnam only exists during the war. Toni Morrison is the only black woman author. Ever. 

By the time you reach the second semester, most liberal arts majors can write papers without ever having read the material. I even know some people who can do it without attending classes or lectures on the material. 

Honestly, one would hope that such a prestigious institution could make things a little less predictable. 
Apparently this young lady is a raving racist to the core. 
She doesn't belong in college.  She should never have gotten into an Ivy-- or anywhere else, for that matter.
I believe that we should uphold our traditional british values. 
 
Like a ceremony of fire and explosions every November commemorating someone coming -this- close to blowing parliament apart.
I can imagine how that meeting went.. "What about being a Democracy?" ...  "Fuck that noise, let's revert to fascism so we can get away with all the shit we do."..... smfh
We used to just call them college students.
1984 comes 30 years too late?
does ISIS say the same thing to their followers?
Vietnam protestors were all Islamic extremists? Edward Snowden must be the head of ISIS then.
&gt;Other apparent hints listed include young people changing friendship groups or styles of dress, secretive behaviour, switching computer screens when adults approach, or glorifying violence.

* Young people changing friendship groups.

Like you would when you go through puberty? Tastes change.

* Secretive behaviour

Like when a teenager begins experimenting?

* Switching computer screens when adults approach.

Seriously? **Seriously?**

* Glorifying violence

Which is what Grand Theft Auto has been accused of for years. This is fucking retarded.
I'm cynical and don't trust the government as far I can throw them but I'm as sure as hell not some extremist 
That bullet point list, almost all of it covers all teenagers.
&gt; Appearing angry about government policies...

So, literally everyone?
Hail ^^^^Hydra
This reminded me of [this bulletin](http://i.imgur.com/3IuOjjB.jpg) in Mirror's Edge.
Extremists are people who follow but without questioning anything. 
coming from a government whos high ranking officials were in a pedophile ring 
"*Extremely naive*",

in that they held up a sign

[which results in this.](http://i.imgur.com/5iz3yAP.jpg)
Hmmm... That sounds like.....



[PROPOGANDA](http://imgur.com/FRyHes5)
How... Mirrors edge
Hahaha! This is great, the EXACT reason why "young people" don't trust the fucking government. I have three screens so its kind of hard for me to turn my screen when an adult approaches, but that list describes me, and the entire teen population of the world. Thanks for the encouraging words, government. 
Independent thought is a mental illness. Now let us all worship the almighty leaders who are our infallible Gods on Earth, and the media which is always 100% honest, accurate and Bullshit-propaganda free.
How convenient.
Man, I had no idea I was so radicalized as a teen!
Good thing I'm old.
Ironically that article made me want to bomb parliament so they'll stop passing shit like this.
God fucking dammit England. Whyd you have to go and become your stereotype from 200 years ago again?
&gt;Other apparent hints listed include young people changing friendship groups or styles of dress, secretive behaviour, switching computer screens when adults approach, or glorifying violence.

&amp;nbsp;

Pretty much every teenage boy everywhere.
If your children are against war and violence, there's a good chance they are a radical terrorist who are going to commit violence and murder.
This sounds like propaganda to me.
Are the officials old people? Who cares what they think? The "young people" will be changing their diapers in 1 to 30 years so they should be careful what they tell parents. I am a parent and I am getting old myself (almost 36) and I have seen the youth go crazy and kind of started believing them recently. They may be extremists but so were Americans when they threw tea overboard in Boston. The world happens and you cannot stop it. The young have the most important opinion because they control our future as much as we control theirs.(Unless you have an accident before going senile or handicapped)
1984 ...
There is no war in ~~Ba Sing Se~~ Britain. We are safe within the walls, guarded by the Dai Li. All those who question this are invited to Lake Laogai.
I'm an extremist I guess, but that's just because the status quo is embarrassing and depressing.   
Coming soon to a USA near you. Also included, free speech zones and "safe spaces". Brought to you by the liberal use of government and bleeding heart "victims" everywhere. 
"Parents and carers have also been advised by the safeguarding children board in the London Borough of Camden that “showing a mistrust of mainstream media reports and a belief in conspiracy theories” could be a sign that children are being groomed by extremists."
Maybe they're just fans of Marco Rubio.
Well...
And then OP and everyone who commented on this thread were marked by the NSA 
So does this mean that you're not being radicalized if you believe everything the government tells you? Or are you just being a sheep?
You mean democrats calling us extremists.
Also, pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
extremists? more like smart and educated anymore
What about us old farts (I'm 58) who also question the government and media? Are we extremists, too?
So much for **terrorism not changing our way of life**. 
The again most terrorists are anti government.
Misleading title. 

The leaflet says "he following could describe general teenage behaviour but together with other signs may mean the young person is being radicalised: Out of character changes in dress, behaviour and changes in their friendship group; Losing interest in previous activities and friendships; Secretive behaviour and switching screens when you come near"

That is much different from saying questioning Government = Extremist.

Not to mention the fact that it says they believe in Conspiracy Theories and such. This is just a dumb misleading article.
Soon they will change the definition of terrorist to anyone who considers voting for the opposition.
While the report in question is nonsense, OP's headline is misleading.
Well I mean.... they aren't wrong. They might be.
Miss Supreme Court sounds like a beauty pageant for lawyers.
You think that's bad? Read the article itself. The dissenters were trying to overturn a Supreme Court decision in a lower court. I'm just gonna blame meth.
I forget who said it, "I would watch the shit outta gay divorce court"
I don't understand this. I thought when gay marriage was approved that included gay divorce. 
Wouldn't it be "Ms. Supreme Court" anyway?
Now *this* is equality.
&gt;"One example of this view, for instance, is that if the Supreme Court concluded that gun violence impedes the flow of interstate commerce, leading it to interpret the Commerce Clause as granting the Congress the power to confiscate all privately owned guns, who would feel bound to follow it? This absurd hypothetical, some believe, debunks any notion that it is impossible for the Supreme Court to exceed its authority...", [Justices Jess] Dickinson wrote.

I don't understand. In what way is it unconstitutional for the Supreme Court to rule on whether a law passed by Congress is constitutional? It seems this "absurd hypothetical" is far more clear-cut than the *Obergefell v. Hodges* "gay marriage" ruling [in which they ruled on *who* the law applies to, not if the law was valid]. Whether it's "absurd" that Congress would pass such a law is exactly why we have elected representation. The Supreme Court does not determine if laws are stupid, only if the are constitutional and internally consistent.

&gt;"I would be writing the same statement and expressing the same concerns if faced with a United States Supreme Court decision that held the Constitution of the United States required every household in America to own a giraffe," [Justice] Coleman wrote.

It seems Justice Coleman also has a rather disturbing lack of understanding of basic government structures, in that he describes a court creating a *criminal* law. That  would completely different than a ruling regarding *government* impositions on the citizenry (rather than criminal laws that, in a sense, are the other way-around). If the Supreme Court did do such a thing, then 1) The Legislative Branch could pass a law stating otherwise and until it reached the Supreme Court again, it would override the precedent, and 2) The Executive Branch could simply not enforce such a mandate.

How could Supreme Court justices of Mississippi not only be so ignorant about constitutional law, but be willing to openly admit it in writing??!
"substantial support from legal scholars" for the view that the Supreme Court doesn't have the jurisdiction to issue Obergefell - well, the support may be substantial from a dozen on the far, far, far, right.  Sort of like the support in the scientific community for the view that climate change is not happening.
sick planet
What did Mr. Supreme Court decide?
Right-wing America is so desperate to continue cramming its ideals down people's throats that they're essentially putting Marbury v. Madison back on the ballot. It's getting pathetic.
If you think this is funny you should check out our local politics.  
"A dissent is the opinion of the side that lost." -Matt Steffey
This actually was an issue in Texas. They didn't recognize divorces because to do so would be to acknowledge a same-sex marriage. So if you ended up in Texas, you couldn't get divorced.
How can you untaste the rainbow?
Why does the justice system even have to waste time on bullshit like this.....
Well that was quick. 
Was it really too much trouble to spell out Mississippi or were you unsure how to spell Mississippi?
was this really an issue?
She looks like Bruce Jenner
Thes people aren't idiots.  The point of the dissenters of this decision is that the Supreme Court overstepped it's authority in unilaterally declaring same-sex marriage legal across all states.  Whether it's right or not isn't the issue - it's whether it has any power or jurisdiction over deciding that.

To make divorce legal based on that ruling would be to go based on a supreme court ruling that they find to be questionable in its validity.

Put another way, how can you divorce a same-sex couple if they aren't legitimately married?  And does divorcing them give some sort of recognition or precedent that asserts the validity of a ruling they find invalid?

This is a perfectly legitimate legal question.  The topic is irrelavent.  You could substitute in any controvertial decision and have the same quandry.
How is this like the onion.
This is the meat of the matter concerning the same sex marriage movement.

Lawyers.

For decades lawyers have had no part when same sex couples break up, however, if those unions are legal then lawyers become a part of the process.

And yet another bit of job security provided to lawyers by the lawyers in legislature.

The whole government, except for the people doing the work, is a racket.
This does not come as a surprise. Basically anything with a NIC is hackable, some of them laughably so. 
TL;DR Hackers can gain access to the microphone installed In the Barbie. There is no camera on the Barbie. But still this is Bad news for anyone who's kids first word was their social security number. 
So, you're saying someone is going to keep an eye on them for free?
I'd be surprised if your children could spy on hackers using Wi-Fi Hello Barbie. 
&gt;Wi-Fi Hello Barbie

Is this some unholy union of hello kitty and Barbie?
Ha!  Joke's on them.  She doesn't even *have* a bank account.
Spy on kids?  boring.   I have three kids and all they'll hear is an unending stream of "Peppa Pig" and "Finger Family" youtube clips.  There, thats all this doll would ever hear in my house.  Saved them time.
This is why I keep a Post-it over the lens on my laptop unless it's in use.
If you're a hacker and THIS is what you spend your time on...you might want to reconsider 
Remember when the Furby was banned from all government buildings pepperidge farm remembers.
Yes probably so... but will they? Nope probably not, the only hackers that spy on everyday citizens are governments.
Why in the blue fuck would anyone think a hacker has any interest in spying on their daughter.


Id be more worried about them hacking your car than them perving on your kids.
When I have kids i won't let them have any toys that can access the Internet
Jared is kicking himself right now 
Can we send them to ISIS? Maybe make a little burka for it.
That's why I keep my wifi Barbie NATed behind my firewall on a WPA2-PSK network.  If you ever have to put a your wifi Barbie on the edge of your network with a public IP make sure you tuck it into a DMZ and only allow traffic on 80/443.
and your fridge and your washing machine and your locks/power/heat/water...and anything else equiped with wifi and networked.
Who would want to spend their time listening to kids?
But why would a hacker even be remotely interested in your children? 
Now introducing Barbies new favorite game, where you read mommy'a credit card number! 
There has been one incident of a baby monitor being hacked so the hacker can scream at the baby.
"The information stored by the doll could allow hackers to take over a home Wi-Fi network and from there gain access to other internet connected devices, steal personal information and cause other problems for the owners, potentially without their knowledge."

Is it just me or is everyone ignoring this line? It's not what the kid themselves might say, but the access this doll could give to personal networks.  Also just because it wasn't user friendly or easy to find, doesn't mean others couldn't/wouldn't use this vulnerability, possibly in more nefarious ways that this researcher didn't think of.
Have fun with that, hackers. Kids are boring and have no money, what would be the point?
I can't find any ads for this Barbie. Anyone have a link to an ad for Hello Barbie? I'm curious to see how it was marketed. 

Also not the onion: Water is wet, ice is cold, and OP is kind of a dummy. &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
&gt;kindergarten teacher at Blakely Elementary, is tackling the issue of gender equity by not allowing the boys in her class to play with Legos. 

If you think playing with Legos improves one's spatial thinking and you deny playing with Legos to some category of children then you're willingly stalling their development to pursue your agenda.

Might as well chop off some pieces you regret their bodies have.
The statement for gender equality is to enforce sexism?  This is crap.
Your agenda has no place in a kindergarten. This is our one chance in life to be relatively carefree and not worried about the world around us. This just seems unusually cruel and totally out of line for this teacher to be behaving this way. 
At some point people have to realize that gender empowerment doesn't have to come at the expense or dis-empowerment of the other gender. Like sooner or later right? RIGHT!?
Playing with Legos is a solid way to improve certain cognitive skills. 

Second, banning a certain gender from playing with a certain thing doesn't help shit. It just sends a message that because you're a certain gender you can't play with certain things. It sends the same fuckin message that toy companies sent to begin with. Girls play with----- and boys play with------. 

Hope this moron gets fired. 
Yeah, because that certainly won't teach young boys that old maids aren't to be trusted because they'll treat you differently because you're not a little girl.

Way to sow the seeds for the next generation of misogynists you fucking idiot.
it seems gender equality involves discrimination towards the other sex...sounds about right
*"why do we have to tear down boys to elevate girls? "*

Unfortunately, it happens a lot, as kids and as adults. Studies have shown teachers [consistently grade girls' work better than boys](http://www.bbc.com/news/education-31751667), a bias which is removed when teachers grade work without knowing the students name. 

Recently, a local university has [denied support](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/toronto/ryerson-mens-issues-group-says-student-union-shutting-out-male-voices/article27180128/) to a mens students support group, while funding womens support groups. 
Remember to lie about, smear and ban any groups of people that stand up to SJW's.

Because *obviously* it's an online-only drama, and has no effect on real life.
There was a well-known lesson where a teacher tells every kid in the class that blue-eyed kids are better. Then she tells them that this wasn't true- that *brown*-eyed kids are better. Then, she tells them the real lesson: that anyone who tells you that sort of thing is lying, and remember how it felt when you were on the 'down' side. 

Key point: *She told the kids what was going on*. 

By this account, this teacher's "project" is like telling the kids that blue eyes are better, and then forgetting to teach the actual lesson. (By 'not wanting them to feel bad' when the *point was to teach how sexism feels bad*.) If the article's to be trusted, this is foolish *and lazy*. 
Ah, good ol liberal Seattle.  Teaching girls that what they have interests in are stupid and only boys interests are actually important.  You smell that "equality"?  Ya, it smells like shit.
What's new, girls have been leaving boys in the dust in the education system for a while now.

Teacher bias, boys being graded lower than girls with the exact same scores etc.

This is why women taking over the teaching field is horrible and why we need more men in the system.

Rampant discrimination.

A friend of mine has a cousin that couldn't take a programming class at his school because it was for "girls only" with nothing like it existing for the boys.
&gt;"Maybe they feel bad because you tell them they are going to have a turn when you don't intend to give them a turn," Dori said. 

Kiddies lesson for today: Authority figures will treat you like shit, and lie to you.

&gt;From Mr. Reese Ande, Blakely principal: Ms. Keller is a passionate teacher who cares deeply for each and every one of her students.

After doing an internal inquiry, the school found itself and its staff innocent of any wrongdoing.

She and the school posted a response on the original article
&gt; Responses from Blakely Elementary School to the Lego article
From Ms. Karen Keller, Blakely kindergarten teacher:
I sincerely regret any problems created as a result of the Bainbridge Review article.
As put forth in the science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education grant request, I was attempting to set up an environment to encourage girls to actively and freely play with Legos during our 30-minute free-choice block. I proposed allowing girls to have an unencumbered opportunity to become more comfortable working with Legos in an attempt to support girls and STEM. My boy students typically dominated this free-choice activity and, given all the research touting the benefits of such open-ended “trial and error” play, I wanted to get the girls connected to building materials. A variety of other building materials were available during these 30-minute blocks. To reiterate, my goal behind this grant was to support girls in STEM.
I was not explicitly clear regarding the time frame of Lego play for all students. Free-choice time has afforded few opportunities for the girls to have equitable access to Legos. When I received the Legos last spring, not this fall as the article stated, the boys also had many chances to play with them during free choice. I started off with the girls-only play to get them interested during the first month of school, and then boys had access to Legos during free choice.
Unfortunately, my remark about "hell freezing over" was a casual, off-record aside meant to convey my frustration with the marketing to girls in our society. Of course, this flippancy was not appropriate for the setting and was easily taken out of context.
Anyone who has worked with me is aware of how I treat all of my students with equal respect and kindness. As a long-time educator and member of this community, I will continue to review best practices and adjust my teaching methods to provide optimum growing experiences for my students. I really do want what is best for each of my students.
It is easy for me to relay that I make every effort to foster a thriving environment for all my students and invite anyone into my classroom to observe and confirm this. I take my job quite seriously and regret helping to foster the offhand tone evident in this newspaper article, as this certainly was not my intent. Every student in my class has access to all curricular materials, including Legos.
From Mr. Reese Ande, Blakely principal:
&gt; Blakely Elementary prides itself in meeting the needs of all students in a manner that is supportive, inclusive and appropriate. It is not our practice to promote access or opportunity through any forms of exclusion. Ms. Keller is a passionate teacher who cares deeply for each and every one of her students.

So It sounds like there isn't a total ban on boy's using lego, but there is a girls only lego time, which is still nonsensical. 
Seems pretty unequal. Certain children are not allowed to play with certain toys *specifically* because of their gender.
I used to work on bainbridge island. It's full of rich people who've lost touch with reality.
On a completely unrelated note, as someone from Bainbridge, I can tell you this is one of the most exciting things to happen there (being on the front page of Reddit). Also another teacher (high school) is looking at zero jail time for having sex with a student (other exciting thing to happen)
&gt;She noticed that boys in her class often gravitated toward the Legos. Girls, on the other hand, may not have felt as comfortable getting into them, and usually played with crayons or dolls..

Gee..Teach, it's almost as if your students are only making choices, like children.  Being nice is a choice as well.  You have chosen to not only try to teach a complex lesson to toddlers by using discrimination(a compound fuck up), but you also choose to be evil and purposefully *lie to children* telling them they'll get a turn.  
That's a lawsuit waiting to happen.
Our elementary school teachers were the same way.  It kinda sucks when you're a boy and every single one of your teachers are female and a lot of them treat their female students like little princesses while the boys are viewed as scum of the earth.  (Also a good way to teach young boys to resent women, but I'm mostly over that.)
"her boy students flocked to the building blocks while her girl students played with dolls and crayons and staples, toys that offered them little challenge or opportunity to fail and develop perseverance."

So buy more legos, then remove the dolls and staples.
Well, she seems perfectly qualified to teach logic at the kindergarten level.

Really illustrates the point that most gender equality is pursued by people who intend to tear down those who have 'privilege' rather than empower those who lack privilege.      
How about you ban the dolls and buy more legos, then?

I mean really you shouldn't do anything, but if what you're really aiming for is girls playing with lego, then that makes more sense.
Fuck that article and its wilful and continued use of "Legos". Seriously, more angry about that than what some alleged teacher might be doing to some alleged students in some alleged school.
Equality through discrimination.  Gotta love these progressive ideas.
"I'll teach children who have no concept of gender equity an important lesson about gender equity"

*pats self on back until arm breaks*
I always cringe when someone pulls bullshit like this under the guise of equality. 
Sets out to fix gender equality, by making one gender not allowed to do something the other can.  Seems legit.
Something tell me this will not end well.
So basically there's not enough Legos. Just get more legos 
This is what happens when older unmarried women start listening to overweight-undatable younger girls.
[From the article this article refers to](http://www.bainbridgereview.com/news/343127562.html).

&gt;her boy students flocked to the building blocks while her girl students played with dolls and crayons and staples, toys that offered them little challenge or opportunity to fail and develop perseverance.

So has she made a doll only time for the boys? You know toys that help develop nurturing and empathy?

&gt; Lego play, Keller found, has been widely attributed to accelerating development and helping children fine-tune spatial and math skills, two of the largest areas of cognitive disparity between men and women.

&gt;Further, female STEM role models are few and far between, and part of the reason for their underrepresentation, Keller believes, are the gender stereotypes women are socialized into from an early age.

Okay I can get where you are coming from but even if you believe this, **don't lie to the boys!** Sure have your scheduled time for girls to have access to the Lego, but have a time for the boys as well. Or sometimes have small mixed groups where they work together, supervise occasionally to make sure boys aren't monopolizing the play in those groups. 
Which is why I exercise my right as a parent and deny my daughters access to legos, sports equipment, violent cartoons, or anything else "boy-ish"... to bring balance to the force.
Promoting gender equality by ensuring one gender doesn't have equal access to a toy solely based on their gender? That is the exact opposite of equality.
This teacher should read *Harrison Bergeron* and then find a job where she has no human interaction whatsoever. 
This person is a bigot. Bigots should not be educating children. 
Hey maybe she can teach racial equality by making colored bathrooms and drinking fountains? 

And maybe the Jewish kids should get their toys stomped &amp; they have to wear armbands. 

This is outstandingly ass-backwards unless there's a point where she reverts back to "just kidding but now you see...". 
What goes around comes around. They'll take it out on women when they're older and stronger. 
I encourage everyone to read the original article this link is commenting on. 

http://www.bainbridgereview.com/news/343127562.html

&gt;In Karen Keller’s kindergarten classroom, boys can’t play with Legos.
&gt;
They can have their pick of Tinkertoys and marble tracks, but the colorful bricks are “girls only.”
&gt;
“I always tell the boys, ‘You’re going to have a turn’ — and I’m like, ‘Yeah, when hell freezes over’ in my head,” she said. “I tell them, ‘You’ll have a turn’ because I don’t want them to feel bad.”
&gt;
Although her approach might anger some parents, Keller is sticking to her guns: It’s all part of a plan to get girls building during “free choice,” the 40 minutes of unstructured play time embedded at the end of every school day.
&gt;
**Injustice or ingeniousness?**
&gt;
For years, Keller, who has taught at Captain Johnston Blakely Elementary since 2008, watched with discouragement as self-segregation defined her classroom — her boy students flocked to the building blocks while her girl students played with dolls and crayons and staples, toys that offered them little challenge or opportunity to fail and develop perseverance.
&gt;
She did her research and concluded that something had to give; her girl students were indeed missing out.
&gt;
**Play linked to spatial skills**
&gt;
Lego play, Keller found, has been widely attributed to accelerating development and helping children fine-tune spatial and math skills, two of the largest areas of cognitive disparity between men and women.
&gt;
Further, female STEM role models are few and far between, and part of the reason for their underrepresentation, Keller believes, are the gender stereotypes women are socialized into from an early age.
&gt;
She faults toymakers for reinforcing those roles — “the stuff LEGO is marketing for girls is just so limiting;” ‘girl’ sets replete with themes such as baking, cooking, care-giving, homemaking, decorating and hair styling — but she also faults teachers for not taking action.
&gt;
“I just feel like we are still so far behind in promoting gender equity,” Keller explained.
&gt;
Which is what led Keller to her classroom experiment.
&gt;
If girls were given the opportunity, would they develop different play preferences? She thought so, and she could cite a study or two to back the claim up.
&gt;
**Guiding “free choice”**
&gt;
At first, Keller tried enticing her girl students with pink and purple Legos.
&gt;
“But it wasn’t enough,” she said. The girls weren’t interested and the boys just expanded their palettes.
&gt;
So this past fall, when Bainbridge Schools Foundation announced its Classroom Enrichment Grants, Keller saw her chance to affect change.
&gt;
She asked for funding to purchase LEGO Education Community Starter Kits for three Blakely classrooms, writing that “while it’s not necessary to board up the playhouse and adopt the babies out, concrete steps can be taken to ameliorate the gender gap in the kindergarten and present engaging ways to develop girls’ spatial skills.”
&gt;
What she didn’t tell BSF, however, was that the boys wouldn’t get to play with the new 1,907-piece sets.
&gt;
“I had to do the ‘girls only Lego club’ to boost it more,” she explained. “Boys get ongoing practice and girls are shut out of those activities, which just kills me. Until girls get it into their system that building is cool, building is ‘what I want to do’ — I want to protect that.”
&gt;
**It’s a fair practice**
&gt;
In Keller’s mind, it’s a fair practice “because fair is getting what you need to succeed or to get better.” Fair doesn’t have to be the same, and she says her kindergarteners get that.
&gt;
At least for now.
&gt;
While Keller sees more girls in the building area than before, it’s still not the norm, she said.
&gt;
So the boys will just have to wait their turn.

This teacher needs fired.
Whoa I went to this school. Am I famous now?

Why not just get some pink Lego? I know that in itself is kind of sexist, but I have never met a 5 year old boy who would want to go anywhere near anything pink. That way everyone gets Lego. 
I suppose it could be seen that the girls are just getting what the boys don't want to play with, the dregs, but it's not as bad a straight up denying kids access to Lego.
The School Principal's email is listed on their website, I encourage you guys to send over an email.  I did.

[quote]
First, I must admit, my son does not attend your school and I know nothing about it's daily workings, with that in mind, please consider the following.



Dear Mr. Ande, I am concerned about one of the teachers
on staff at Captain Johnston Blakely Elementary, Karen Keller.

I'm sure that's not the first time you have either heard or read
something similar to the above statement but I feel it should be
said and loudly, don't misunderstand though, I think it's great 
that she is encouraging girls to play with legos as I was raised
on them.  

There is a news story which may or may not be accurate that states
the boys in her class are not allowed to play with the new Legos, 
I don't know if there are new and old Legos but if they are the 
only lego's available then they need to be open for both boys AND 
girls even if just separately. Part of the coverage mentions that
the boys are actively being told that "they will get a turn" which
in all likelyhood is true, some point in the future both boys and
girls will get to play with them but it is definitely not nice to
take something that can mean so much to little kids.

On your webpage under the "about our school" section there is a nice
description about the facility and it's staff but I cannot help 
imagining an asterisk behind the below sentence.

"Caring adults nurture each student, working to inspire and motivate them to become responsible learners and confident children."*

*Unless your in Ms. Kellers class.

*And you are a Boy.

*Who likes to play with Legos.

Please, put some sense in that teacher, take her coffee or tea away 
because I'm sure there is at least one opposite gender teacher there 
who does not drink as much of it as she does and they need to be 
encouraged to like it as much as she does.



PS. Sorry about the terrible formatting, this was originally written in notepad++ with about 70 columns in mind. &gt;.&lt;
[/quote]
Ideal solution: buy more fucking legos. 
... sigh ...
This broad isn't just a nut, she is a nasty one.
There was a well-known lesson where a teacher tells every kid in the class that blue-eyed kids are better. Then she tells them that this wasn't true- that *brown*-eyed kids are better. Then, she tells them the real lesson: that anyone who tells you that sort of thing is lying, and remember how it felt when you were on the 'down' side. 

Key point: *She told the kids what was going on*. 

By this account, this teacher's "project" is like telling the kids that blue eyes are better, and then forgetting to teach the actual lesson. (By 'not wanting them to feel bad' when the *point was to teach how sexism feels bad*.) If the article's to be trusted, this is foolish *and lazy*. 
What kind of toys does that teacher play with?
Some SJWs just need to be worked over with baseball bats. Can you imagine the damage this sodomite has done to perfectly innocent children because they were born with penises?  
So did she go out and buy GI Joe's for the boys to play with ? 
Hi! I'm cross-posting this on a few post. I'm from Bainbridge and my mom knows the teacher from work. She's super sarcastic and apparently most of the comments were sarcasm. She does have a 'girls only' lego time but it's not like it's all, or even most of the time. It's just cause boys tend to dominate legos and she wanted to give the girls a chance associate building with fun as well. Apparently, it's literally to create the opportunity for girls to generate an interest in engineering and building fields, which isn't so common right now.

The entire 'when hell freezes over' comment was 100% joke, or sarcasm. My mom even told me before the teacher did the interview that they knew she was gonna say something wrong, because she loves to joke around and doesn't really get when and where it's appropriate. When a journalist will jump on your every word it might not be a time to joke around. She doesn't hate men. This was a huge issue on Bainbridge cause we have a LOT of crazy uptight parents with a lot of money there, and they love to blow shit up and, due to their wallets, they have the ability to do so.

She should have been summarily fired. More mediocrity brought to you by unions. 
I understand that they want more girls to pursue scientific careers, so the teacher is trying to encourage the girls to play with Lego as a gateway.  

There have been other initiatives it encourage girls into science like trying to take the maths component out of physics because they did studies showing girls don't like girls don't like maths.  

Maybe the real issue is that most girls really aren't interested.  Maybe their interests lie elsewhere.

Girls and boys do think differently.  Yes some girls like boys toys, some boys like dolls.  There was a post a while ago that showed a note the was left in boxes of Lego that said something like "some girls like space ships because they are more exciting than dolls and some boys like dolls because they are more human than spaceships."  

The teacher complained that the boys wanted to play with Lego as opposed to other construction toys, the reason might be that Lego is a good high quality toy.  Its popular for a reason.

I have noticed that some areas are dominated by females such as HR, welfare, nursing, teaching and child care.  Most of these are underrated in their importance and value to society.  Very few people try to actively encourage guys to pursue these carers.

I saw a sarcastic comment that they cant have men looking after kids.  The reality is there is a huge demand for male teachers and nanny's at least in relation to availability even if the female is better.  This is due to the number of single mothers and corresponding lake of contact with adult males.
Bainbridge island is like... Everyone smells like B.O. level of hippie... As far as towns go. In case anyone reading was wondering
If this were food, the article would look like this:
&gt;Karen notices girls don't like hot dogs but like muffins. Boys love hot dogs but not muffins. You can stack hot dogs but you can't stack muffins. Karen tried getting hot dogs and dyeing the bread pink and using mayo as icing, but the girls still liked muffins and the boys just ate the extra mayo hot dogs. She decided that at buffet hour at school girls would have to eat hot dogs as stacking them was good practice for coordination and boys were allowed to choose between the rest of the buffet but not hot dogs. The girls were ok with eating hot dogs but only because the teacher told them. The teacher smoked a blunt and said 'muh ekwalitee'
Lego and Duplo. Not Legos and Duplos. Maths not Math. Has the World gone mad?
What an asshat! This was the exact opposite of my first grade teacher, way back when, thankfully. There should be more Mr. Zacks (that was his name.)
This thread is going to get locked soon I bet 
The real problem here is that the teacher in question is referencing the plural of Lego as Legos!! For god sakes, think of the children!
what a dumb bitch. sjw are destroying everything
Greetings, KingsBlade. Unfortunately, your submission has been removed from /r/nottheonion because our rules do not allow:

* Websites that re-host content from the original source (rule #4).  The source of your article may be found at . 



For a full list of our submission rules, please visit our [wiki page](http://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/expanded).  If you're new to /r/nottheonion, you can check out [NTO101: An Introduction to /r/NotTheOnion](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101) for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions.  If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnottheonion).
Well the title is absolutely misleading; all the teacher did is letting boys and girls taking turns in playing with Lego. I assume this is just so that girls who might have been intimidated by the boy get a chance to play "their" style with Lego. I don't see a problem here.
He should become a referee.
If you had a clumsy assistant who wasn't even a barber working at your barber shop would you fire him?
Well the barbershop owner clearly just HATES BLIND PEOPLE.

Seriously, what the hell is the rationale here?
a man that carries around scissors near customers and trips over shit seems like one hell of a liability
Since I know nobody will read the article, some bulletpoints:

- He can see
- His vision impairment mostly affects peripheral and night vision
- He'd been working there a year
- He's now giving haircuts independently
- The disease gets worse with time, and likely ends with full blindness
- His employer was unaware of his condition
- On the day he was fired, he tripped over a customer's legs, then later over a chair (my addition: both of those are at worst failures of *peripheral* vision, which is not necessary to give a haircut)
I bet he didn't see it coming.
This reminds me of the second time my lung collapsed. I had an attending physician with a broken arm in a sling. He looked at the x-rays and said, "I might have to do surgery". I must have looked pretty alarmed, because he added, " Well, not me personally ". Surgeon with a broken arm, blind barber...no thanks.
I'm married to a legally blind man. It's amazing how people can compensate. As long as he wasn't messing up customers' haircuts, who cares.
Don't fire them dwindle down their hours until they are forced to get another job
Does "Legally blind" basically mean "Not quiet blind"?
[deleted]
I read the title as "Legally Blonde barber" 
shouldn't this be rightful termination? 
ITT...People who don't understand that "legally blind" is simply a broad legal term that covers a vast array of low-vision conditions in addition to complete blindness. 

Legally blind is typically used to describe someone with low-vision as a way to identify that they are considered blind in the eyes of the law (for the ADA, driving, etc), even though they may still retain some vision and may be able to function surprisingly well in many tasks, but not in others. 
I think they made a mistake.  The guy tripped over a customer and then tripped again.  Seems like he should have been terminated for being a risk to customers and unable to perform duties.
Is there also a type of 'illegally blindness' ?
[deleted]
Lol, "poverbs"
The fact that that house contains an inscription of a bible quote about humility is absolutely hilarious. 
Klingon Jesus and Billy Ocean. FIFY. 
Someone at Yahoo needs to learn how to hyperlink.
sheeeit - and we all thought Trump was narcissistic - but he probably doesn't have a portrait of him and Jesus on his wall...  
David Mills: I've been trying to figure something in my head, and maybe you can help me out, yeah? When a person is insane, as you clearly are, do you know that you're insane? Maybe you're just sitting around, reading "Guns and Ammo", masturbating in your own feces, do you just stop and go, "Wow! It is amazing how fucking crazy I really am!"? Yeah. Do you guys do that? 
Goddamn, that "poverbs" thing is REALLY eating at me. There has to be more to that, right? He didn't just have that done and then no one notices until this photo-essay. What is going on? Is he a savant? Did the person who made that for him have some special meaning to him, so he forgives the misspelling (and terrible kerning)? It's baffling me.
After hearing about how he used to chuck bricks at people and almost murdered someone with a knife in his childhood, nothing surprises me.  He seems like he is purely driven by his own idea of god and by his suppressed messiah complex.  The guy did well in college and as a doctor because he literally thinks that God is watching and judging his every move.  I bet he is able to ignore criticism because of his belief as well.  I'm saying his because I used to be like this (not the violent childhood part) when I was younger and religious. This guy literally gives me the creeps, like the only thing keeping him from snapping is his crazy belief that a god is watching him.
I know surgeons are known to have big ego's and god complexes (hey it comes with the territory, you are literally holding a persons life in your hand) but holy shit...
This could easily be a scary Halloween maze for next year.  
I can't decide if Carson is a delusional psychopath who is convinced his made up life story is real or a megalomaniac who thinks the rest of us are so stupid we will believe anything he says.   Either way, he shouldn't hold any public office. 
I'm sure the writer of the article wrote this because he has nothing really noteworthy to share in his house. It is eccentric but, that's his house? I have my medals and trophies from my running career hung up in my room, it's a natural thing to do I'd imagine. Except maybe for the portrait of him and Jesus, and the misspelled word...you're a brain scientist dude how was that even hung up. 
Definitely my favorite post today.
I honestly thought this article was satire when I saw it on FB, this is real?! Wow.
This guy is a dead-set fucking nut.
Is his home build on grains too?
His wife must really like him.

After seeing these pics, I have a sneaking suspicion there are *crates* of Courvoisier in his 'wine cellar.'
Simply astonishing the absurdity. 
Come on, surely you're all wasting money on all those torches and pitchforks you're buying.

So he has a room at his home with his personal accolades and what I would imagine are gifts from patients (the weird Jesus pic), and this makes him a ridiculous person?  

This room is ridiculous, but your man cave with accolades of complete strangers strewn about the place is any less weird? Something with which you contribute nothing to, such as a certain team's success, is more okay than being proud of what you've done in your life? 
We death hugged yahoo? I knew it was shrinking but holy shit. 
[deleted]
Looks like Kanye West really did run for president.
This is the type of person that also thinks "I should be in charge of everyone."   Not surprised to find he's strange.  
Guess they're still fishing for anti-Carson material after that 1992 memoir "scandal" about West Point was disproven.
This plus his compulsive lying is a good indicator that he is some kind of narcissist or sociopath. I remember reading somewhere that sociopathy is rather common among surgeons.
Next radical president here. Im definitely moving if he becomes president. Hes probably gonna order schools to teach the bible. And we all know how that fucks with intelligence and human kind. What a disappointment. 
The ol Klingon switcheroo. 
That article is a disaster with all the screwed-up links. Super distracting from the actual message of the article. 
That painting looks like (Klingon) Jesus is showing the viewer that Ben Carson got a great deal at Don Johnson's garage sale.
Ben Carson thinks he looks like Lionel Richie apparently.
Back to save America and not just Miami. http://imgur.com/ag5AjuO.png

Ben Carson loves Ben Carson. 
Well obviously cuts have been made but I was assured that this would only affect poor people? 
So what your saying is if I cut funding to public services, some of the services *I want to use* might get cut too?

Truly, I am shocked.
This just in, David Cameron shocked to learn actions can have consequences. 

Film at 11.
Malcolm Tucker must be having a hell of a day.
I think the main issue here is that we don't really have any good choices anymore. We're ruled by morons, regardless of who gets in.

It seems to me that great politicians make terrible leaders.
What the fuck do they teach at Eton?
Cameron should team up with the Australian ex pm Abbott.  Both right wing, really stupid, and supporters of policies to increase climate change.  Someone should talk him to taking a fact finding trip to ISIS held territory.
This could easily be on /r/NotTheOnion
Why is this guy still in office? I don't think I've ever seen one positive thing about him. 
This guy is really going to beat Tony Blair for The Most Clueless PM of all time.

If you look close enough at Cameron you can just about see that he's dense enough that light bends around him. Guys a twatbag
Title should be: David Cameron proves he is an absolute mong
What an absolutely loathesome individual.
[deleted]
Is this legal or....
Took too long to realize a "terror drill" isnt a piece of mining equipment that uses bullets to bore holes into stuff.
Rule of thumb, if it's live fire, it's not a drill :D
...Couldn't they just use blanks?
&gt; Good Lord, what was that?!?
&gt; 
&gt; Sir, that is the AK-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of our enemy!
&gt; 
&gt; It makes a distinctive sound when fired at us, sir!
&gt; 
&gt; Yes, I guess it does!
One 33 year old staff woman died from this.

Other students were jumping out of 3rd story windows to get away from the terrorist. (not in quotes)

This is fucked up beyond belief. 

They should get their tuition for free and whoever approved this needs to get sacked if not charges filed. 
The term "live bullets" is confusing. Im thinking they meant to say "blanks" because the ammunition in the photo was a blank round or casing as such. Live bullets would refer to the ammo actually containing a projectile and I dont think that is true here.  If this is the case I would assume the injuries were related to the escape but from what I read it did not clarify.
Gotta scare them somehow. If the terrorists aren't doing it, send in the cops I guess?
Misread title as Kenyon. However, the fact that it was in Kenya and not in Ohio doesn't make the story any less surprising. 
You know, by definition, an act of terrorism doesn't explicitly require that those using violence or threat of it for political or societal purposes actually kill the civilians...
That tweeted pic of the "spent cartridge" looks like it still has a live round in it.
I read this as Stratholme University.  Which made me wonder what XPac that was added in.
This is not a drill.
However, the fact that it was in Kenya terrorist attacks become live drills.
The cartridge in one of the casing looks pretty curious.
What if one of the pictures definitely looks like this.
However, the fact that it was in Kenya terrorist attacks become live drills.
If this is the case I would assume the injuries were related to the ammo actually containing a projectile and I dont think that is true here.
"Others pointed out that the authorities had warned a “mock terror drill will be carried out” in posts on Facebook on Sunday night".

It seems odd to be surprised by something you were warned of. 

 
Those responsible for that?
What if one of the drill participants?
Live bullets would refer to the escape but from what I read this as Stratholme University.
The cartridge in one of the drill participants?
Really Africa??? This is why you cannot have nice things.
The cartridge in one of the students had a gun and shot one of the students had a gun and shot one of the casing looks pretty curious.
africa gonna africa
if that picture of a cartridge is indeed an expended one then they are using some kind of blanks. therefore the headline is misleading.
Well these comments are a complete shitfest.
Kenya has a university?
Makes sense to me. It's supposed to be a broom, not a piece of sand paper.
People shit on this sport like they're not getting up at odd hours to watch it live every four years
I really don't understand why this is here. The sport banned a piece of equipment, it's not crazy. You can't use certain types of bats in baseball either. 
This doesn't belong in this sub.  The article sucks too because it doesn't mention the broom by name. I was curious if this was the broom that was featured on Dragon's Den.
This will be a fairly big news story on CBC today, I guarantee it. Canada fuckin' loves curling. During the olympics a few years ago, so many people in our offices across the country were watching curling that it was dramatically slowing down our network.. IT had to send a company wide email to ask everyone to limit the stream to one computer per office. So, we set up a 27" iMac in the corner so we could all watch it.
Nimbus 2001?
I hope they nerf directional fabric that shit is so OP.
Bring back the straw brooms.  Curling sounded so much cooler with the whap whap of brooms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVHdA9fbqpk 

1954 Briar
The picture on the article looks like the brooms are all staring back at me. I wouldn't mess with those guys. ಠ_ಠ
This may be the first time the words "controversial" and "broom" are in the same headline 
The most controversial thing to happen in curling over the past few years is a piece of cloth. 
They are just doing this to try to distract us from the doping and corruption rife in the sport.
Is it just me or this sounds like something from Daily Prophet(Harry Potter)?
As a curler I'm going to try clear some things up here.  It was not the broom featured on 'Dragons Den'.  It was a different company trying to use a similar but more effective fabric.  This fabric was considered 'directional'. Smooth one way and rough the other, allowing to slow down or curl more depending on how you were sweeping.  Meaning less skill and fitness level were needed to have the same or better effect as other brooms.  It was also very rough on the playing surface.

I believe that is what occurred.
Source: www.tsn.ca/inside-curling-s-broom-controversy-1.381050

Sorry about formatting issues etc. I'm on mobile.
Lets take a look at what Curling used to be: http://i.imgur.com/ffeUVuI.jpg

After seeing this. I totally agree. Stop making sports less about skill and more about equipment.
Reminds me of those sharkskin suits in swimming a couple Olympics ago. Something that is just supposed to be there for modesty becomes performance enhancing equipment. Totally destroyed the historical relevance of world records. Every wr set now should have an asterisk next to it. Don't let it happen to *snicker* curling.
Any videos showing the new broom vs old broom in action?
So, one of the curlers interviewed demands a level playing field but insists that a broom which would enable amateurs to play like pros be banned.... 
"Welcome to NBC's coverage of the 2016 WCF World Championships sponsored by Swiffer."
Holy shit, what a poor font choice on that site.
Does the new broom come with a Mini-Hakkero?
The best thing about the sport was the slapping of the old corn broom on the ice.After they got rid of that the best you could hope for was someone splitting their slacks.
&gt;call from athletes to regulate new broom technology that some say is jeopardizing the integrity of the sport.

r/nocontext
Can someone please explain to me why this sport has both male and female versions?
"curlers claim these broom heads could sweep some of the skills currently needed to be a top-level athlete in the sport — including strength, endurance, and the ability to accurately aim the stone — right out of the sport."
There's a World Curling Federation? :P
I would prefer and maybe actually watch curling if they completely removed the brooms, i quit watching after seeing Plenty of otherwise too weak of a toss, magically get sped up and reach the target because the broomer started scrubbing really hard.

It was also really off putting to hear and see people yelling HARD! 2-6 times per throw... i...  just can't enjoy a sport where the "ball" is manipulated by a specific designated person to alter the outcome of it's trajectory whilest the thrower screams at him HAAARD!

Zamboni the ice after each set and leave it at that and i'd consider watching it over billards or poker, the brooms (IMO) completely ruin the game and all spectating joy


The dust pans are still safe.
Not a sport /endthread oh and while I'm at NASCAR isn't racing :)
Mother of God...
I think that is genuinely one of the most hilarious things I've ever read.
Lmao I played this on the Wii
[deleted]
&gt; He would call from a phone with a limited number of pre-purchased minutes, which struck Funck as a sign that Sehrt would have greatly benefited from claiming what was his.

No, that's just a burner.
What a terrible title.
/r/titlegore 
It was a slow news day, so the original headline "man pursuing larger settlement dies, case dismissed" was given a little zazz.
&gt;"He really was sure our government was going to kill us all," the accountant, Aimee Funck, said. "He was telling me, 'Do you notice on the freeway that they have those little gates that go down? That's to prevent us from leaving when they're going to kill us.'"
Disappeared at age 35 for three years and then shows up expecting everyone to have looked after his property, then spends decades moaning about it.

Died at age 77 going on 10.
Insane man is insane...more at 11.
We are all going to look like assholes when they shut the highway gates for the final time. 
I have seen people with weak cases turn down 150k.

I have seen defendants facing an almost certain defeat in court refuse to put together a respectable offer.

A lot of time the legal process is as much about interpersonal acrimony as it is about damages.

Also when you have no money, money feels important,  when you have lots of money it means nothing.  
I can't be the only one who is thinking dementia.
The accountants name interviewed in this article is "Aimee Funck"  yikes
Sounds like /r/conspiracy got lose again
Heh. Funck. 
He looks like an older Owen Wilson mixed with late Robin Williams.
ITT: OP, your title is bad and you should feel bad
Let's just automatically assume what the authorities say as absolute truth and believe that the guy is really just that stupid. - Reddit.
Let's file this one under: Crazy white people. 
State took money that should have been his? Can say happened near me like 20 yr ago, state took very large chunk of land from some guy for no good reason, gave him 1/4 of its worth
[What will we do with a drunken sailor?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGyPuey-1Jw)
Anyone else surprised that he was EIGHT times over the legal limit?
Well, at least the sailor was drinking rum. It'd be wrong if he had been shit-faced from anything else. 
[Sometimes accidents are going to happen whether you are drunk or not doesn't matter.](https://youtu.be/2oNEwVldAs0?list=RD2oNEwVldAs0)
What do you do with a drunken sailor?

What do you do with a drunken sailor?

What do you do with a drunken sailor early in the morning?

Charge him with hazarding a vessel.



"Ten minutes after the steering was changed from autopilot to manual at a speed of 13.3 knots when the master arrived and asked the chief officer if he "had been asleep or drinking"."

Why not both?
I was surprised that when the South Korean ferry sank with 400+ students drowning, no one commented that the captain was probably drunk at the time.  

He allowed the boat to be misloaded, he's not on the bridge during a critical maneuver, he turned the watch over to an unqualified pilot, he tells passengers to remain below decks while the ship is rapidly sinking, he doesn't even have his pants on, and not one news article or even internet commenter asked the obvious question, "Was he drinking?"

https://youtu.be/LNJsuPpg9-c
A drunk Russian parks his gigantic mode of transportation in the most unappropiate place possible.

How is that news?
What do we do with the drunken sailor!?
What'd they do with him??!!
Aw, and then they scrapped the poor ship. It wasn't her fault!
It'a a good thing i just received my copy of "How to avoid Huge Ships"...
[Available here.](http://www.amazon.com/Avoid-Huge-Ships-John-Trimmer/dp/0870334336/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1448204895&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=how+to+avoid+huge+ships)
He's alive!?!?
Somehow I'm not as surprised about this as I should be.
LAAAAANNND HOO!
I thought it was going to happen whether you are drunk or not doesn't matter.
Do we have automated systems that sound alarms when a ship is on a collision course with something.  Seems it would be easier to have self guided ships than cars, any work being done here?
&gt; The $5 price tag will boost profits for the Girl Scouts to $0.90 per box, up from a $0.62 when the boxes were $4, according to Patricia Parcellin, President of the Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts  

So, the price is going up $1, there's no mention of increase costs, but their profit is only going up $0.28. That means ~70% of the price increase is going "to someone else"... am I getting the math wrong or is there some corporate/administrative greed suggested here?
Maybe they can make the sleeves fit even less cookies as they raise the price again. 
[$3 thin mints](http://images1.dallasobserver.com/imager/u/original/7035321/grasshoppers.jpg)
there are like 4 cookies per box now,  it's crazy.   they used to be boxes of cookies, now most of them are boxes of air.
 
just give them 5 bucks and you helped them about the same as  buying 6 boxes of cookies.
Do girl scouts really learn about the entrepreneurial ladder of business or are they taught to ask strangers for money?
"Two boxes of Shkreli-doodles please."
I'm not surprised the prices are increasing. I'm just surprised they're becoming double what they were before in such little time. When I was a scout (I'm 18 now), they were $3.50 each, and I'm pretty sure they should still be that much in most troops.
Wait. Am I the only person who paid $5 a box last year? The San Diego Girl Scouts either robbed my whole office or they're ahead of the game. 
NEVER BUY GIRL SCOUT COOKIES!

it's cookie season, and you're about to go into the market which is guarded by girl scouts, and a couple of their moms are sitting at the table watching you, and because it's a small town, they know who you are, and you want to keep everyone happy.

just drop a couple dollah bills on the table.  no cookies.  this way the local troop gets 100% of your contribution, they don't have to share it with faraway bureaucrats.  moms happy now.  when girl scout asks you why no cookies, you say "my doctor told me to cut down on that", not "your cookies taste like shit."
That is outrageous, where's my checkbook.
Still better than that $10 a bag bullshit popcorn the boyscouts try to sell.

They aren't worth the cost they charge now for those tiny ass boxes
Family Dollar sells cookies like thin mints, the peanut butter chocolate ones and the coconut ones for 2.75.
Gross ass palm oil cookies, im not buying them again after trying multiple flavors of oil.
They'd make more money if the girls baked cookies themselves. Screw public health and safety rules.
Have my tastes changed or have the cookies changed? I don't think they are as good as they used to be, they taste like chemicals now.
These are crack prices. 

And much like crack, I need my fix and will pay whatever the hell they charge for these delicious bullshits. 
Honestly though, the Meijer brand knock-off thin mint cookies are just as good. A lot of those store-brand products aren't half bad. Don't get the knock-off Ritz crackers though. "Applause" my butt.
The cookies were $1/box when I was a Girl Scout. [According to this inflation calculator](http://www.bls.gov/data/inflation_calculator.htm), that would be about $4.18/box now.
I say good for them. Market forces will determine what the proper price is for a box of cookies. It's not like we're talking about electricity or gasoline here. If you want the cookies bad enough you will pay the higher price. That being said, I guess my kids will have to go without some things this year so I can buy my Samoas.
As someone who regularly works with the Girl Scouts, I just wanted to share. 

Not only do cookie sales help girls learn financial and entrepreneurial skills, the sale itself is referred to as a "financial literacy program."

I'm sorry if some parents seem over-the-top and pushy outside of stores and other places. The important thing to remember is that cookie profits go to funding girls' experiences throughout the year. That means that if you buy a box of cookies, a girl who can't afford to go to camp has a better chance of doing just that. 
My daughter is in GS and my wife is pretty involved in the local troop.  I have it from her that a super-majority share of the $$ from sales goes directly to corporate and the local troop does not see it; there are rules on the books so that if you just want to give some $$ to the local troop, that $$ has to go to corporate too".  The whole thing has the feeling of a scam.  The local troops are doing good work, but the corporate level is just benefiting themselves from what I can see.  
&gt;The $5 price tag will boost profits for the Girl Scouts to $0.90 per box, up from a $0.62 when the boxes were $4

So we pay $1 more and they only see 28% of that?
Am I in the extreme minority that has never seen a girl scout cookie in their life?

I think I know why

http://www.girlscoutsfl.org/

[This is their headquarters](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Girl+Scout+Council,+11347+SW+160th+St,+Miami,+FL+33157/@25.6201467,-80.3760035,3a,75y,262.87h,82.57t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1ssRb2pJmjct4aOseBPVkADA!2e0!6s%2F%2Fgeo0.ggpht.com%2Fcbk%3Fpanoid%3DsRb2pJmjct4aOseBPVkADA%26output%3Dthumbnail%26cb_client%3Dsearch.TACTILE.gps%26thumb%3D2%26w%3D86%26h%3D86%26yaw%3D245.39418%26pitch%3D0!7i3328!8i1664!4m2!3m1!1s0x88d9c3fb262bfe37:0x6bdd527e9624ca2d!6m1!1e1) - it looks like a place I'd get murdered in.

That's also WAY out in the goonies. - and in [a bad area](https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=zeQcC1DK17Xw.kEjx1LjR8hr0&amp;hl=en_US)


I few people are saying to just tip them, as they will get more money directly. The problem with that is it defeats the point of cookie selling. It's to teach them about money and business. A fact of business is that you don't get 100% profit. Part of the money has to go to advertising, administration, production, ect. 

So to really help, buy one box and give them a few dollars tip. They can learn about business and still make their goals. My formula is to tip equal to the amount of cookies I bought. So one $5 box = $5 tip. It makes them happy and I won't miss  $10. 
God damnit what kind of world is this? I need my Thin Mints, little girl!
Those Thin Mints are so damn good I'd pay that
I don't know if my taste changed, but last year was the last time I bought GS cookies. I loved the coconut ones, but last year they seemed smaller and tasted bad, and had the consistency of chewed up cardboard. 
This is a fucking outrage
Uh, they've been $5 a box in my hood for quite sometime. Unless this was a story on time travel?? 
Doesn't matter, still need thin mints.
Don't forget Keebler makes their own Samoas. I'd rather buy from elves than those little apron wearing con artists.

Those Thin Mints are so damn good I'd pay that
I'm all for little girls being part of healthy organizations and being productive.  But Fuck them cookies and co-workers who sell them 
Remember the the cookies used to be a good deal?  
I can live without 5 dollar cookies
&gt; Parcellin doesn’t expect to see a drop in demand because of the price hike. “I believe that people who buy girl scouts cookies are supporting girls because they believe in girls learning these essential skills,” she said.

Getting your parents to guilt their co-workers into buying cookies is an essential skill?
I don't even buy the cookies.  Screw the corporation.  I just give the little girls a bit of cash for their trouble.  They're the ones doing all the damned work.
Wait, they've always been $5! I've been getting screwed!
Good thing Aldi sells a generic version of Samoas that taste identical. It's the only one I like anyways.
YSK that ALDI sells really good knock offs of Samoas, Tagalongs, and thin mints.  I just buy those and give my niece $20 to donate to the girlscouts... or put in her pocket, I don't really care where it goes :-)
Fuck it, I'm willing to let my wallet take the hit for my thin mints.
You do know that Aldis has some damn good cookies that taste just some of these right? No reason to get out of hand Girl Scouts. Cant knock their hustle though. Thats nuts. 
&gt;Parcellin doesn’t expect to see a drop in demand because of the price hike. “I believe that people who buy girl scouts cookies are supporting girls because they believe in girls learning these essential skills,” she said.

Wrong. If I want to invest in my daughter's girlscout troop, I just donate a few hundred dollars and put it against my taxes. I buy tag alongs because I like them. 5.00 a box worth of like? No. 
Like...the Girl Scouts and the Boy Scouts of America are shadow organizations that brainwash kids , while simultaneously having no time for the Establishment Clause. So this price hike kind of makes sense.

...but at the end of the day, I just want those cookies, so they can do whatever. :D 15 bucks for a couple boxes of Thin Mints? I don't care if im buying them from the current equivalent of the Hitler Youth.  Just send em!
Shut up and take my money
Do they still have palm oil as an ingredient? 
I'm done with Girl Scout cookies. Over prices with less cookies and now the price is going up again?? You little girls will have to fundraise another way with a product/system that is not shady as fuck. 
I accidentally left the box of samoas on the floor next to me while browsing reddit last year.

I picked them up and tossed one in my mouth and ate it.  I thought the texture was off but took no notice to it. 

ANTS WERE EVERYWHERE

I can never eat samoas again.
I'm an Eagle Scout so I kinda hate to cock block the girl scouts like this, but Walmart has a line of Great Value cookies that are straight-up knock-offs of the girl scout cookies, and some of them are actually better. The "peanut butter and fudge" ones are better than Tagalongs. They're $1.30 per box, and there's 18 in a box. Boom.
[deleted]
Last time I checked, GS had internal struggles on how to actually help the girls learn and grow. So they decided on profiting from industrially produced cookies that are meh [fucking god tier thin mints tho] aaand have done next to nothing to grow the program for the kids. I hope someone gets karma'd to the face. 
Whoa, for a second i thought it was the 11 year old that was having the baby...
If she was in labor for two hours, why didn't the ambulance ever show up? And why didn't she call her partner to come back if he had only left ten minutes before? Did everyone just think, "nah, the 11 year can probably handle it. No need to get a qualified adult in there." I need more information! :)
What is it about little girls having the ability to just flip a switch and take charge like badasses when shit hits the fan and then just shrug it off like "fuck it, dude. Someone had to do it. Big deal"? 

When I was 11, I honestly have no idea how I would've reacted in that situation, but it likely would not have been helpful in the least. Also, I sure as *fuck* would have used it as an excuse to get out of school for the day.
It took me far too long to figure out this kid didn't have a baby.
"Miss, I delivered me mum's baby right after me morning tea, I did, I did."
11 year old, oldest of 5. Give it a break lady.

squelch-plop-snip-smack-wah-bye-slam. Edit: forgot to cut the cord.
that girl has accomplished more in life than i have in 24 years :(
'I've never seen anything like it' -11 year old girl
Now that is an excuse for why you're late to school!
The eldest of five .... So the mother gave birth to six children ... so far.
"Mum-of-five Tara spent just over two hours in labour before giving birth to Elsa-Monet at 7.17am."  

Elsa. What a time to be alive.
Seing my mother vagina at 11 would have probably traumatized me.  (That goes in the category things I really don't want to see)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbybWIMJHwU
Before clicking on the article this title confused and worried me.
What a little brass. At that age I don't know that I would've handled the stress nearly as well.
Babies having babies
Great story and what an awesome memory to hold dear.  I hope she considers being an obstetrician instead of a midwife.  I just like to see girls dream big and it sounds like she would be a good one.
Non-snitches still get stitches 
Good on him and later when he is a murder suspect that statement will help prove his intent.
Sheeeeeeyit
Sounds like Jersey city alright 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIGUu0bvpMQ
Famous last words.
At first glance I thought this was from [r/writingprompts](http://reddit.com/r/writingprompts)
Most Jersey headline ever.
Lock yo doors shit's going down in Jersey tonight!
overlymanlyman.jpg
Maybe he just didn't want to also be a shooting victim?
sound like the start of an action movie
My kinda guy

The way it should be, you should have a choice to keep the cops out of your fucking business.
Well, when my house got robbed, the cops told ME to do the detective work of checking Craigslist and the local pawn shops for my stolen goods, so it stands to reason that I should handle all other crime myself too.
Yeah, from the cops out of him for resisting their authority.
The whole "snitch" thing is fucking retarded.  Yeah m8, go ahead stab me, I won't snitch on your stupid ass.
Gotta avoid that medical bill.
I live in Jersey City, hope I don't get stabbed man
I kno thats right Shit u gots to handle yo biznes real talk
[deleted]
The University of Ottawa is a nightmare for SJWisms - they're all about that shit. The best part is their Centre for Students with Disabilities doesn't have one disabled person on staff. My friend tried to put on an event with sumo suits and got stopped dead in his tracks - cultural appropriation!
FFS just called it Bendy Breathey and we can all join the fun
"It's a great idea that benefits everyone, including people with disabilites, but on this campus, we only allow white cultural activities. Influences from other cultures of the world are strictly forbidden."

Racism level over 9000.
These people are the fucking devil I swear. Don't want people wearing Native American headdresses at a music festival? I get that. But taking Yoga, which encourages appreciation and learning of another cultures practices is literally the opposite of "cultural appropriation". It brings people together. I can promise you the students taking Yoga would have a greater appreciation and understanding for certain parts of eastern culture than those who are withheld from it. It almost like these pompous pouty-mouths want perpetual fucking conflict. The worst part is, they don't just disagree with you, these authoritarian shitheads have to shut it down. What if other oppressed minorities wanted to take the class? Nope, these fascist racists just banned it for you too! 
Then they should call it a Pilates class and still do yoga.  Judas Crispies anyway.  
Cultural appropriation is such a silly concept.
Good, now get Japan to stop appropriating baseball. 

Also, only the Chinese can play soccer. Anyone else is a culture thief.

And don't get me started on martial arts schools.



I swear the only bad thing about this university is our students union. 

If they could just stop that would be great
Not that this needs to be said, but "cultural appropriation" is the whole point of culture!
If you google "yoga evil" or search information about yoga from christian websites, you can find a lot of stuff about how it's devil's tool to seduce people away from Jesus. Apparently stretching is satanic.
This is beyond stupid.  
Its fucking yoga. How can that possibly offend a culture???
Is this real?

I mean a real person had an actual real thought that yoga should be canceled for this reason?

And then it actually got canceled for that reason?

I can't even articulate the reason. It doesn't have a basis in words that make any kind of sense to me.

There's really people this screwed up and someone takes them seriously?
There's a neat documentary (available on Netflix) called Awake, which is about Paramahansa Yogananda, a Hindu swami who brought yoga to the West. He overcame a lot of resistance in devoting much of his life to that goal. Great job fighting back, University of Ottawa!
Are we really at this point in the discussion ?
&gt;"The centre official argues since many of those cultures "have experienced oppression, cultural genocide and diasporas due to colonialism and western supremacy ... we need to be mindful of this and how we express ourselves while practising yoga."

A useful demonstration of how you can express yourself clearly, at reasonable length, using correct vocabulary and grammar, and say something which is totally without valuable meaning.
Wow. Now even yoga is offensive.
I made a curry last night, is that cultural appropriation? 
Does that mean I should also stop eating sushi and tacos? --ConcernedOttavian
offensive to pretzel makers
As a brown person,I hereby give up my claim to indignation over Caucasian yogis. Go forth and be bendy my friends.On a serious note, it's a bummer that it got canned. Cultural appropriation?pffft, hardly.
I don't think fellow-Indians would ever complain of "cultural appropriation" !

We want others to try our food, learn our language, do our yoga, our kamasutra, sing our songs !

Hell, we will gift them our clothes, our idols etc etc !!!

This is just a case of SJWs inventing a problem, which frankly, does not exist.

If I had any intention of having kids, I'd be worried shitless that they'd have to live in a world run by these little asshats.

So....did someone actually complain or was PC Principal appointed as the dean? 
Free Ottawa from WHAT?  AND how is Yoga going to help!!?
I love these idiots. There are "issues." What issues? It's "cultural appropriation." To what? Exercise?
Another sign that the SJW movement is starting to crumble from the inside.  Almost anything can be misconstrued as offensive and oppressive.
Soon they will bring in a professional yoga teacher and start charging for the sessions because it's ok for the rest of the world to do that, not the students they are preparing for the professional world
It seems to me that most of the countries of the world have culturally appropriated their forms of government. Go back to how ever you ran your country before you saw how the west did it.
"cultural appropriation" is when like a team calls themselves "the redskins" and their fans wear fake indian gear.


Doing yoga isn't the same. You're learning an exercise and not in a negative-light on a culture way. 
Link removed because it's not the "original source", but the original source isn't allowed because of a supposed "paywall"...hmmm
does not compute. ELI5 please?
...just subscribed to this sub today. Fascinating all around.  
Cancelling a yoga class because of misappropriation of culture truly puts the ass in asinine. What's next?! -- no jazz unless you are... American? Black? From New Orleans? Know Charlie Mingus' first occupation?  Heheh -- i am deeply offended by so much offense being taken.

Get fucked, the whole lot o' ya.  
Sweet Jesus, this makes one wish for a Rapture.
I have one question to these "cultural appropriation"-criers: 

When cross-dressing men wear skirts, is that cultural appropriation too?
I cant even......yes I know I'm not contributing to the discussion but wow.this is so stupid
/r/rage ugh!!!!! 
Society is doomed.
I guess someone ought to let all those Chinese Buddhists know that they can't practice their religion anymore.
probably retaliation due to westerners having tried to copyright yoga moves and terminology for themselves. 

misleading article. 
Americans you better stop speaking English right now. EVERYONE in this thread is guilty of cultural appropriation and you should all be put in prison!


This is obviously fake.
Yep distance yourselfe form everything a certain culter has to offer an dont afiliate with them at all costs.

Much progressive, in other news horseshoes now need to be full circle.
Do they all say namaste to each other and talk about ckakras? I could see how that's inappropriate (not to mention fucking annoying). Otherwise, not so much.
Hold up...if I'm Muslim, does this mean I can't decorate with some sweet Christmas balls because it's cultural appropriation of Christian culture? This whole thing is so wrong and devalues legitimate cases of cultural appropriation. Culture is fluid...embracing that fluidity is what helps us engage with each other, understand each other, respect each other, and ultimately bring us together. Unless if the action in question hinders integration of a certain people/culture (eg. Promoting a stereotype, caricaturing), it shouldn't be considered cultural appropriation in my opinion. 
Note that 'Ottawa' is culturally appropriated from the Algonquin tribe of First Nations, meaning 'to trade'. So we should really be calling this the "University of Trade".

This assumed we're allowed to appropriate from Latin. If not we may just have to communicate via some grunts and growls. Of course that would be appropriating from our ape ancestors in Africa. That statement may be offensive to modern Africans though, so we need to ban the teaching of anthropology and biological origins. Instead, we can teach that grunting and growling in ape ancestors in Africa was due to English and American colonialism working backward through time.

"So, I work at the CSD, and this is a gross misrepresentation of the cancelled yoga lessons. No one was attending the classes, which made them a waste of SFUO resources. They're not "free" insofar as students SFUO fees fund them, but when there is no demand, or no evident demand, then it doesn't make sense to continue to spend money on the programming. The CSD is now looking at alternative exercise options, that will be more diverse to cater to our wide variety of service users (dance classes, and yes, even yoga, just not with this particular instructor and not every week). Maybe if the Sun bothered to care more about their journalism, they'd contact the centre directly, rather than take a couple emails sent by a single staff out of their context and allow the no longer hired yoga instructor complete arbitration of a story."

- guy who works there
Societies need to be politically correct is pissing me off. It's yoga, if someone doesn't like it they don't have to participate.
USA/Canada Universities and Colleges are starting to closely resemble mental institutions
Liberals, meet liberals. This is what you've created. 
I guess that means we should stop doing most sports, cancel all classes about cultural media, and not allow any foreign students in because these are existing or possible inlets for cultural appropriation.

Fuck, even the concept of universities is foreign to the Americas. We should just close the university.
The idea of cultural appropriation is a very bizarre concept for all sorts of reasons. I feel a lot of the absurdity comes down to the false idea that a dynamic sharing of ideas and understandings about the world can be equated to theft... it reminded me of this [wonderful stand-up](https://youtu.be/3HMhWB95ldQ?t=4m23s) by English comedian Stewart Lee, which is on the topic of immigration, but highlights the cultural melting pot that we are all a part of.

If nothing else, ask yourself one question: from whom did the people we appropriated our culture from appropriate their's?
SJWs are fucking insane.  Canada is really going to shit these days.
Liberalism is making the kids retarded
This is why I left Canada for Europe.  I couldn't relate to Canadians any more, they have become too close minded as a result of their political correctness and 'trying not to offend anyone' attitude.  No one has any fun any more.  Hopefully Justin will not only legalize weed, but make it mandatory for Canadians to consume it every day.  Then maybe they won't take themselves so seriously.
[deleted]
This actually makes me happy. HAHA, TAKE THAT, JENNIFER, YOU PHONY.
I bet you they're cool with color runs though. Something that actually has a case for cultural appropriation
Yoga is a terrible mental disease 
...  
Ottawa making a case for eugenics
Does he know the CEO of Starbucks is Jewish?
Since when are snowflakes a Christmas design anyway? Pretty sure it snows in places where they don't celebrate Christmas.
People will complain about fucking anything.  Sheesh.
In college we used red cups for beer. 

Remarkable to be older and see them being used for white whine. 
I read the original article.

http://www.breitbart.com/london/2015/11/05/war-on-christmas-starbucks-new-red-cups-are-emblematic-of-the-christian-culture-cleansing-of-the-west/

This dude really is grasping at coffee straws. God forbid having **red coffee cups** means that you hate Christmas! He's just looking to feed his persecution complex.
Obviously has more to do with everybody's move towards a more minimalist design, and absolutely nothing to do with a "war on Christmas".
Are we really out of problems??
The ridiculous part is the cups are NOT only red. Are these people blind? The logo is green. 

Red and green... hmm. Where do I recognize that combination from? /s
Do people actually go to Starbucks because of the red cups?  I mean, I usually go there a couple of times during December, but that's because peppermint mochas are actually worth their calorie content, not because of the color of the cup I'm going to throw away once I'm done drinking my delicious peppermint mocha.
Who is so insecure in their beliefs that the lack of religious orthodoxy on their disposable coffee cup represents a serious threat to them?  When I buy coffee at Starbucks I want coffee. It is not necessary that the cup bleed stigmata and be adorned with judeo Christian holiday symbols.
People are just trying to find stuff to be mad about at this point.
They're mad because they don't have ornaments and snowflakes. Those aren't Christmas symbols to begin with. They should be mad they don't have crosses on them.
No snowflakes?!  How do I maintain my 'special snowflake' status for the rest of the year?
What about the holiday printed gift cards? The GIANT ornament advent calendars? The holiday designed mugs? Or the holiday shaped cookies? For crying out loud, Starbucks is not against Christmas or other holidays, they are just style snobs and went with a minimalist theme for their cups. 
i wasn't aware that snowflakes were a symbol of christianity i must have missed that class in sunday school
God forbid a private company decide how to design its own products.
Oh here we fucking go again. Another year of this kind of shit.
If this is really a thing - and I don't think it is - they could always have two cups.  We're already cool with having to order a Venti non-fat non-dairy half-caf salted caramel mocha with extra caramel and no whip.  We could probably manage to specify with or without the Jesus.
&gt; “Overreaction by both the Left and the Right is what’s killing this country. Changing a paper cup isn’t a ‘War on Christmas’, you idiot.”

[My man!](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o85xsYzklbmsXPXTG/giphy.gif)
I personally like the plain red better.  They are not waging a "War on Christmas..."
This makes me feel like starting a war on Christmas!
New rule: You can't call it a "War on Christmas" until we have boots on the ground in the North Pole.
first world problems. 
i love how conservatives constantly talk about political correctness and how liberals get offended by everything. Yet here they are crying about a cup you throw away after 10 minutes 
Is there anyone left that doesn't know most of the symbolism of Chrismas is based on Roman and Pagan and other historical stuff.
If Jesus were here he wouldn't recognize any of this silliness
It must be really nice to have such a perfect quiet stress free little life that a stupid paper cup freaks you out. 

Look the cup is red and green good enough. 
"Some body else said: 'Changing a paper cup isn’t a ‘War on Christmas’, you idiot.'"
This guy gets it 
With complaints like this, you would think we ran out of real problems in this world. 


I like how the American super conservative Christians keep complaining about "Keeping Christ in Christmas" and that holidays are becoming anti-Christian because of an open embrace of other cultures when:

-Jesus wasn't even born in December, let alone exactly 2015 years ago. We took over a Pagan holiday pretty much like "Oh, you celebrate your holiday this day? Well, that's because Jesus was born that day. Right Johnson?" "Yes, absolutely Erickson!" "There you have it, now convert or die!" (I'm pretty sure it was the Spanish Crusades but names are irrelevant)

-Christmas in America feels more about sinning. Make a huge feast for your family of 10 that would feed 20 and throw out the leftover food instead of giving it to someone in need. Watch endless television instead of spending time with family. Kids learning to covet their friends' gifts because they only got the something something OMG-2000 model when the TV says the OMGX-2500 came out just for the holiday. I'm sure people can come up with other examples too.

-Rich people preaching to the poor people to rally around their voice and give them more money because they are the poor people's salvation, when the bible itself says the anti-Christ will come looking like Jesus and offering salvation but will come dressed in riches instead of humility. (This one always gets me because I heard it on a conservative radio station from one of those rich guys calling Obama and Hillary the anti-Christ while sucking real hard on Ted Cruz's dick).

-General acceptance of other religions and an overall removal of Christian privilege from the culturally-neutral Declaration of Independence and Constitution of the USA is seen as an attack on Christianity because they are supposed to be humble and giving, but they cannot seem to be humble and giving if they are not getting free money and dominating everything.

That being said, I'm not attacking Christians. I have met wonderful, loving, and extremely generous Christians, but the ones that sound the loudest are the ones who need to be shut down.
There are Christmas cup sleeves as well. they have snowflakes on them. People be cray. 
This is just a fucking ad for Starbucks... literally: 

&gt; Festive red cups are back at Starbucks along with holiday favorites like Peppermint Mocha, Chestnut Praline Latte, and Eggnog Latte.

Stop listening to this "war on Christmas" nonsense.

/r/HailCorporate 
Christians have already ruined winter solstice for the rest of us, and Jesus wasn't born in December. All this is standard knowledge at this point. Let the rest of the world see the red cups as nothing more than a blank slate for whatever they want to think it means.

If the christians want to pretend it's the blood of Jesus, let them. Whatever floats your boat, *NEXT!!!*
http://www.snopes.com/starbucks-red-christmas-cups/
Look up #merrychristmasstarbucks 

My favorite part of this is that people are still buying Starbucks coffee and using the red cups.
Fucking Breitbart. Figures. '_'
since when is a snowflake the symbol of christmas?
&gt;One critic said: “I definitely think it could have been a little more happy and swirls or something on there.”

Everybody's a fucking expert. 
Here's my response to this article:

"HAPPY THANKSGIVING!"
But...but...the old Starbucks cups didn't have Santa or Jesus on them either...
The same people upset about this probably bitch about the over-commercialization of Christmas and how people forget the "real reason for the season."
So the detractors are pissed off that a holiday that was originally misappropriated away from Pagans is not being celebrated in a Christian way? 
Jesus, is anyone else as sick of this "War on Christmas" shit as I am? You're one of the dominant religions on the planet....what the fuck do you have to worry about? Christmas isn't going away anytime soon, no matter how badly people wish it would. I love Christmas...but I wish certain followers would act a little more Christ-like instead of merely Christ-ian. 

This is an ad.
"If someone is always trying to get you angry and shaking your fist, it may be because while your hand is up and shaking his hand is on your wallet"

-- me

A lot of people (Cough cough Fox News) have an agenda of making you angry so you dont pay attention to other more important issues that affect your pocketbook 
Why can't we just skip to the end when the only war left is the War on Wars and then everybody just chills the eff out. It would be like the last black hole that causes the big bang and then BOOM, utopia.

Edit: Well, I was definitely higher than I thought I was(7).
I'm just mad they're not keeping the FSM in ChrisFSMas.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiffJfYdZWg

American Dad "Holiday Rapist!"
Those look really cool
Who gives a shit, anyone that complains about the design on their coffee cup should go home and put a gun in their mouth.
When I saw the title I thought they were gonna have a festive design and be pissing off muslims...
All I got to say is, "What the fuck."
There's snow on my Starbucks cups right now... makes it look like it's dirty. I always forget it's suppose to be snow. 
Low key this is the greatest thing ever. Hear me out now, people are going crazy about this whole red cup thing at Starbucks. Someone by the name Joshua Feuerstein, known as the guy who "disproved" evolution, revolted against Starbucks...by going into a Starbucks, ordering a drink and when they asked for his name replied with "merry Christmas". Starbucks co. is intelligent af by getting all these religious fanatics to buy their product as a way to revolt against said product. 
I swear if anyone tries to correct my grammar I will unleash a poop storm on everyone.  
They probably wanted to avoid controversy about them promoting a certain religious holiday over another, or having any preference.  They just want to sell coffee!
Alright, time to start a petition.

Starbucks, in order to avoid giving customers the impression that your red snowflake cup was intended to be a Christian symbol, please make next year's holiday cups blue.
WAIT TILL BLACK FRIDAY
Til: snowflakes are a Christian symbol.. And here I thought they just fell from the sky
Aaaaaand Starbucks is genius
Does anyone suspect Starbuck's marketing department was the  source of the complaints?  They're getting a ton of free publicity and the cups are "Christmasy" in color.
Even funnier is the Washington Post article: 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/11/09/starbucks-removed-christmas-from-their-cups-because-they-hate-jesus-christian-says-in-viral-facebook-video/

I'm done. This is it. This is the article that I will link whenever anyone asks me to give an example of Poe's Law. There is literally, no way, that I can distinguish whether this article is supposed to be satire or earnest. 

We have gems like: 
"Some say Jesus Christ healed the sick and died to redeem humankind. Little is said about his views on the Pumpkin Spice Latte."

AND

"“I went in,” he said in the video. “I asked for my coffee. They asked for my name. And I told them my name is ‘Merry Christmas.’ ”

The result?

“Guess what, Starbucks?” Feuerstein said. “I tricked you into putting ‘Merry Christmas’ on your cup.”"

AND

"...Joshua Feuerstein said in a widely viewed anti-Starbucks rant on Facebook titled “Starbucks REMOVED CHRISTMAS from their cups because they hate Jesus.” “Do you realize that Starbucks wanted to take Christ and Christmas off of their brand new cups? That’s why they’re just plain red.”"

AND

"In the video, Feuerstein added that he wore a Jesus Christ T-shirt into the store “just to offend” — and also brought his gun with him, since Starbucks “hates” the Second Amendment. (Starbucks has expressed disapproval of guns in its locations in the past, but not banned them)"

AND

"Indeed, save for the shade, the cups looked pretty much like regular Starbucks cups. Well, if you got technical, as the company did, the cups were “a bright poppy color on top that shades into a darker cranberry below.”"

AND

"“You can see what’s going on here,” Raheem Kassam wrote, offering a detailed rundown of the history of Starbucks Christmas cups. “More open? You mean, you’re trying not to ‘offend’ anyone. Frankly, the only thing that can redeem them from this whitewashing of Christmas is to print Bible verses on their cups next year.”"

AND

The rabbithole goes even deeper when you look up the guy who made the video, Joshua Feuerstein. His About Me section on his website literally has a "As featured on WorldStar Hip Hop" logo on it. (http://www.joshuafeuerstein.com/about-josh/4585043155). Is this Josh guy a comedian that's so immersed in his character that he lives it day-in, day-out like the magicians in The Prestige? Dear God. 

I really really can't decide if this is just really funny satire, or even more funny that it MIGHT be serious. 


Isn't the guy 17 years old? Why is anyone paying any head to this?!
Meh.
I'm technically still on the board of my county's GOP, and until recently, attended one of the largest Christian churches in the county.

I haven't actually seen one person complaining that red cups mean Starbucks hates Christmas. What I have seen is a bunch of my friends, many of whom work at Starbucks, sharing the BuzzFeed article claiming there are a ton of us mad about the red cups, arguing that they don't know anyone offended by the red cups, it doesn't mean Starbucks is anti-Christmas, and that no one should be offended by the red cups.

Breitbart has habit of hyperbolizing everything; this "controversy" is no exception.
I remember as a kid I saw a Sesame Street episode about one of the muppets (Elmo, probably) wishing every day would be Christmas and it turned out just like you'd expect- the world went into a global depression because money was being spent on gifts, it was perpetually winter and nothing could grow, people were miserable, no one worked because it was always a holiday therefore nothing was being made, and it ended up making life absolutely horrible.


So why are we trying to do that *in real life*?
So, not being Christmasy 'enough' is now considered an attack on Christmas? Does this mean that I can call assault on people for not getting down on their knees and sucking my dick when I pass them on the street?
People get offended about everything now. Fuck this countries weird bullshit.
Actually the red cups are Starbucks way of showing support for the socialist Bernie Sanders and are obviously in no way related to the Christmas holidays otherwise they would have snowflakes on them.
Stupid non issue created by nut job Bill O"Reilly on Faux News  
 The fact that people get enraged over the 'war on christmas' instead of the Iraq War, which even Tony Blair has denounced, makes me mad
Duh, it's obviously a taco...
John Hodgman has already ruled that a hot dog is not a sandwich: [http://www.johnhodgman.com/post/92161625121/dan-pashman-of-wnycs-the-sporkful-has-been-trying](http://www.johnhodgman.com/post/92161625121/dan-pashman-of-wnycs-the-sporkful-has-been-trying)
Anyone who is actually debating this in their mind will love the podcast "The Sporkful". The host, Dan Pashman has been debating this topic with John Hodgman for awhile, and he goes into a lot of other unnecessary, but entertaining, food debates and analyses. 
FTFA:

&gt; FACT CHECK: If a wiener slapped between bread is on the same level as politics and religion, we might as well hand the deed to Earth over to the Martians right now.

Somebody is clearly resentful that they were assigned this article.
Bread, meat, bread. 
Fits the formula? 
Sandwich.

I am now taking responses as to why your favorite sandwich is not a sandwich.

Edit: OK so I will go so far as to say, carbs, filling, carbs. Sushi? Japanese sandwich. Dumplings? Chinese mini spoon sandwiches.
This will literally never get solved. They should ask this is philosophy class
Clearly a sandwich. Why?


Frankurter without the bun is still called a hot dog, but no one over the age of 3 eats hot dogs without the bun. 

When you delve into the origin of the word "sandwich", the popular folklore is that an English earl with a gambling problem told his servants to get him a piece of meat with a couple of slices of bread so the greasy beef wouldn't taint his fingers and, in turn, sully the playing cards.


That English earl, who rather coincidentally was Lord of the Council of Sandwich, birthed a food related name that will forever refer to a slab of meat held by bread for whatever reason.  


Gamblers throughout England and Europe took to the new "sandwich" craze as it allowed them to eat the greasiest saddles of mutton without slathering the playing cards with carnivore juices. 


Pit bosses worldwide began bringing in the finest sandwich chefs to provide easy sustenance to players who always marvelled at the ever imaginative creations ("What do you call this?" "A Dagwood, sir").


Pedophiles found a patron saint in the man who would eat sandwiches to lose the weight that formerly scared children away.


Italian and Sicilian adherents would remove the "d" and replace it with a "g" when speaking aloud the creation of the Gods.


It would spawn imitators and pretenders, with the most loathsome being a pocket of plain PB&amp;J in a pouch of uncrusted white bread of the most unremarkable character. 


But lo, the sandwich would reign and forever fold the wayward frankfurter within its bosom as the hot dog that it is. 



Come here laddie, let me put a collar on ya.
Reads like it was written by Dwight Shrute.
honestly never thought of a hot dog as a sandwich

Dick sandwich.
A hot dog is still a hot dog if it's not on bread.

If you put the hot dog on a bun, though? That's a hot dog sandwich.
I'm pretty sure this has to do with a [tax bulletin from NYC](https://www.reddit.com/r/nyc/comments/28ymx2/what_is_considered_a_sandwich/). This industry group wants to get hot dog vendors out of paying sales tax so they could sell more hot dogs or get more money.
If anyone listens to Judge John Hodgman on r/maximumfun then clearly they would know that this issue has already been resolved by the most notable and I must say fair and just internet judge that I have ever listened to a podcast of!
It is when I make them, butterflied on a toasty burger bun with cheese &amp; condiments! 
Well, it's not. And to be honest, I'm aware it's a cultural thing, but I refuse to call "sandwich" anything involving a baguette.
Is this like when congress declared pizza a vegetable?
I look at it like this: take the bun away it's still a hotdog, take the bread away it's no longer a sandwich 
Duhhhhh!

No shit! it is not a sandwich until you put the hot-dog between 2 pieces of bread.

Until then it is just a really shitty sausage.
Not a sandwich its a hot dog there is a difference 
Well, I feel more rounded knowing that. 
George Costanza says it's a sandwich. David Letterman agrees. 
I heard some comedian talking about how everything is a sandwich, at least every big meal, just in different stages of the sandwiches life. Tacos and burritos are kinda obvious, spaghetti with meatballs (the pasta is the bread), steak dinner with a roll or a potato, etc. (I say etc. because I am unable to cone up with more examples)
isn't this a ~~corn~~ bread dog?
Aren't these the same food fascists that declared that ketchup has no place on hotdogs?
Did I just read the word euphoric out side of r/justneckbeardthings
What a dick move.
Came here looking for video... Anyone? Anyone? Bueller?
what the fuck
SOURCE VIDEO?!?!?
Football? More like Handpenis.
swaffelen has spread around the globe
Penalty!: He attempted to swaffel 

Swaffelen (or zwaffelen) is a Dutch term meaning to hit one's penis—often repeatedly—against an object or another person's body. Swaffelen was named as the word of the year in the Netherlands in 2008.[source]( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swaffelen )
Did he throw himself onto the pitch and pretend his cock was broken when she refused to let him?
That will teach him that he can't get away with this sort of nonsense no matter how often it happens back in Spain.
Penis down here, face up there...how did he attempt to...did he jump with his dick in his hand?
A little more information on the righteous swordsman: [orginal source](http://www.marca.com/2015/11/17/futbol/mas_futbol/1447764091.html) [(translated)](https://translate.google.es/translate?sl=es&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=es&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marca.com%2F2015%2F11%2F17%2Ffutbol%2Fmas_futbol%2F1447764091.html&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url)

In the end it was a male referee. And there is no video.
He ran out on the field and hit her with his dick in his hand?
Should he not have done that?
Pics or it didn't happen!
http://sportsmockery.com/2015/07/peyton-manning-put-bare-ass-on-trainers-face/
I'm honestly wondering what went through his head that made him go "yep, that's the best way of going about this, just dickslap her."
in scotland we call that the mcdonnell arrangement
Gifs or it didn't happen. 
Don't forget Peyton Manning beat him to the punch.
Oh, come on, Peyton Manning is not spanish.
But did you see what she was wearing? She was totally asking for it..
She should have fallen over in "excruciating pain" to draw the red card. 
if a man cant even slap a female ref with his penis in soccer then i want no part of that game!
This is something Bobby Lee would do. 
No video? Downvote this shit.
He tried to give her the pink card.
No other source about this? Name of the player, team? No info at all! Fuck this shit.
[deleted]
White Americans long for the 1950's because of Fallout.
I'm sympathetic as a mixed guy. My mom is white and my dad is black. My brother and sisters have complexions similar to John Legend. My skin color is close to Wentworth Miller (Main guy in Prison Break, who is also mixed).


I've applied as a minority applicant to jobs/scholarships. I *always* make it to the interview, but several times I've gotten the "you're supposed to be black" look. That look inevitably means I won't be considered.


I once told my brother I wish I could be him when I apply for a job, scholarships, or even college. He told me he wished he could be me when he's driving, at a restaurant, or walking down the street at night.


We both grew up in housing projects in Mississippi, so our experience was the same. Yet, we're looked at totally differently. People look at him when he's applying for things and sees a black man that "made it". They look at me and see a white boy that used his "white privilege". 

But no one ever thinks I'm about to commit a crime.


I guess it's okay because we all feel racism in our own special way.
White American checking in.  I do not long for the 1950's.
Most of the poll respondents have no real frame of reference to answer a question like that.  The median age in the US is just under 38 years old right now.  That means that half of the population was born after 1977 without a clue beyond what somebody in their life told them were the realities of life in the US of the 1950s.

Of course white American males might feel that the 1950s were a magical era because white American males did have it good back then.  White American females might want to think it over before they pronounce a preference for the 50s.  Because, back then their places were in the home, churning out children and raising them until they went on their way past high school.  There was very real gender discrimination back then and forget it if you were gay trying to make your way through life.

So many things have changed in the US that make it impossible to just return to the 1950s.  Back then, racial discrimination was real and it was in your face.  Minorities and females faced real barriers to education, employment and living conditions.  For every instance of someone complaining about reverse discrimination, there are dozens of cases where the reality means it still is much better being white in the US than being of color. 
This really isn't as surprising or as crazy as the article made it sound. While minority groups unquestionably face de facto discrimination, it is also true that there is actually de jure discrimination in against whites and in favor of minorities. For example, in college admissions, it is common for schools to give preference to minority races over whites.

Many people, predominantly on the political right, see this and think that Whites are being treated unfairly. Why does a white student get denied a seat in favor of a minority with lower test scores? How is that fair? The answer is that while two wrongs don't make a right, two roughly opposite forces (de facto discrimination against minorities and de juro discrimination in their favor) can lead to a much more balanced and fair result than either of the forces acting unopposed. 

That said, it is entirely reasonable to see de juro discrimination and feel attacked, just as it is reasonable to see de facto discrimination and feel attacked. This is especially the case if you live in a news bubble that only emphasizes one side of the issue (as most people on either side of the divide do).


Overall, it isn't just a matter of Old White People pining after days of segregated restrooms and the like. It is a matter of people seeing  a real injustice being done and not seeing the large injustice prevented by these actions, and responding accordingly. I don't agree, but I sympathize. 
Kinda worth noting that the test conductors, the PRRI, "[focus] on influential groups in society, like white evangelical Protestants, the Tea Party movement, and Millennials." [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_Religion_Research_Institute). Seems evident this kind of group would draw these results, regardless of partisanship or not.
fuck that, bring back the days when only white, land-owning men could vote
Positive discrimination = discrimination nonetheless, so I understand where white male americans are coming from
I'm white and fine with it not being the 1950s.  But then again, I am a woman.  I enjoy owning property and using my own credit card and not having to bring my marriage license to my doctor in order to get birth control.
A lot of the media focus on minorities, gays, feminism, etc. The problem with some of that is how rare these stories are sometimes. Let's suppose that only 2-5% of America identifies as homosexual, but every TV show has two gay characters. If only 13% of America is African-American, and 17% is Latino-American, but we over-emphasize them in the media, then perhaps this is why some people get tired of the same old rhetoric? 


Take for example the Google Veteran's Day Logo: Every year they create a logo with women in the front, along with an African-American, a Latino-American, an Asian-American... and they put some white guy in the background. That's not to say I don't appreciate the sentiment (that our country is built from the sacrifice of many different people from multiple racial backgrounds!) but it's a political statement that just kinda gets boring after a while. If 92% of the armed forces are white american men, they look at that logo and just laugh at how ridiculous it looks, and how it doesn't reflect reality.


Remember the Burger King Kids? http://www.nostalgiamonster.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/hunchbackburgerking5.jpg  One of everything! That's a great multi-culti message, but how many handicapped kids did you hang out with regularly? There's just not enough of them to go around! I mean, I'm personally missing a black friend, a handicapped friend, a lesbian friend right now. I'm a bigot, yea? Or am I? I dunno...


So perhaps it's not that whites feel discriminated against, but maybe they just feel left out of the story. "But society is run by whites! White men are the default selection!" Sure... I don't disagree with some of that statement, but if I'm considered the default, then I guess my story isn't as interesting as everyone else's. I feel like no one cares about where my ancestors came from (1923, Ellis Island) or about my life. And I'm just talking about middle class here. Everyone wants to hear about super-ultra-wealthy white people... no one wants a story about the blue collar guy, working a manufacturing job, worried about sending his kids to college someday.


I will say, I personally was confronted with an interesting bit of discrimination just last month. My company told me they would only hire the women and minorities first, and then select from the pool of white men after they had fulfilled their quotas. Yes, it was out in the open, no hiding around the idea... they just told us that. I was kinda shocked, I mean... shouldn't there be some tact about the whole operation? I just nodded and explained how I understood that the kind of variety of opinions expressed by coworkers from different backgrounds is what strengthens our product and keeps us flexible in the global market (am I smooth or what?)


For the record... I DO NOT think things were better in the 1950's. American culture was more monolithic, and people were more secure in their white cultural identity as Americans, but we also had blacks being lynched, gays being beaten, and women being kept out of the workforce. None of those are good things, so I'm glad something has changed. However, "as American as apple pie" doesn't mean the same thing anymore. That cultural icon is dead.
I know we're being funny and everything.

But at the same time is it fair to dismiss people's concerns like this?  How stable are multicultural societies when everyone feels victimized?
Written by [Janell Ross](https://www.washingtonpost.com/people/janell-ross). A black woman. Please tell me what it's like to be white and as a white person I can start telling black people what it's like to be black.
I always wondered why Jimmy Carter stood so far away from Clinton in this photo. Did he feel alienated? Everyone else is nearly touching shoulders.
Que?!
This article is misleading. This tries to paint it as a racial issue but it's really a wealth issue. 60% of whites long for the time pre-1971 because there used to be a healthy middle class. The elite have been absorbing all wealth, with the culmination of 2008s wealth redistribution aka bailout. 

Let's make this rudimentary. I don't want to call the demographics that were minorities in the 1950s minorities because they aren't anymore, the conglomeration of various Caucasian races are now. But let's assume they were like my grandparents, teenage Puerto Ricans being put in an orphanage and then taken out in their early teens to go to work. Let's place then in the 1-3 range. The elites at that time were majorly conglomerate white but primarily WASP or Jewish. They are in the 7-10 range. The middle class of 4-6 were majority white conglomerate, wealthy immigrants, and early successful slave descendants.

1-3 moved up to around 4. Many groups in 3-4 fell due to various circumstances primarily debt. 8-10 all consolidated to 10. 5-7 consolidated to 5. The gap of wealth between levels 5 and 10 are extreme in today's world, but If they keep painting it as a racial issue you won't revolt against the ultra elite and take back what you deserve. Citations needed etc. Numbers are just for picture painting
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas. Just like the ones we used to know.
Im white skinned, blue eyed, but my step-father - the guy who actually raised us - was Mexican. Im forever trying to be more white, to get back to my whiteness. My alma mater, UC Davis had a strict racial code that restricted whites in favor of non-whites. Took me several tries to get in. Once i was in, since i was considered 'white' i didnt get the R/A ships, teaching jobs, etc. Straight up racism. Curiously there were all these "latinos" who didnt speak spanish--yet i did! So yeah--while the '50's were horrible for gays, blacks, etc, its also not fair to have the current structural prejudice against white males-both gender and racist, as well as the implied restrictions. Here in Cali every liberal white male 60 something year old wants to hand off to a colored female when they retire. Its like they are leaving their legacy for the greater good. Well the problem is the fight for equality never ended...even though the facts on the ground did. I want the white man 1950's for everyone. Lets also remember the white's are just as pinned down by the 1% owning everything. So it takes two wage earners and we still dont get the hunting cabin grandpa had on one income. At least here in Cali thats how its played out for me. Nice to see a discussion on this subject. Its a valid issue IMO.
42 y/o white American here. Article says "Nearly 60% of white Americans believe life...was better than it is today." This is based on 2695 survey responders 18 and older. I have to wonder: what's the age breakdown of the responders? Also geography and income brackets. I mean, I hear this stuff from my 80 y/o stepfather, sure; he's a product of his lily-white Long Island privelaged upbringing. But if I rounded up 3000 people who were born after 1970, would the results be the same? What about whites who lived alongside blacks in similar socioeconomic strata? How much does geography affect this?

Who answers these surveys? I don't. Maybe I should start.

I'm not doubting this story becaise I'm white. Bigotry is everywhere and everybody's got some, because bigotry is far more than racism. But this isn't my reality at all, and my world is pretty damn white. 60% of all the white people I know wanting a return to the 50s? No way, not even remotely close. 

I knew a racist once. We were friends for almost three years before he came out. I remember asking him (and not too calmly) if a 50s resurgance was the kind of thing he wanted to see. Even he said no. "They're humans too, man. They just arent as evolved as we are. Look at how they open and close their hands..."

We don't hang out anymore.

If someone could shed light on the sample disparity in this survey, it would greatly help my peace of mind. I don't want to have to be "one of the good ones." If things go on the way they have been, I might not even be allowed that small luxury.

I don't know about whites facing discrimination, but I do feel whites are being painted or defined by a narrative that is false for many of them and ignores the huge contributions of white people.  There are many white people who are not prejudiced at all, yet the media generally focuses on discrimination as a problem emanating from whites toward minorities.  That's the same as blaming all of Islam for terrorism and it gets a little old hearing it all the time.  
The 1950's- when children were molested and abused, wives were beaten, the holocaust was but a couple of decades ago, threat of nuclear annihilation was real, and nobody batted an eye.
[deleted]
Why's this in not the onion? While it's true that legal discrimination of non-whites has been eliminated, the legal discrimination of whites in the form of affirmative action has become a thing. It's quite easy to see how white males would prefer a time when they were not restricted from certain positions due to the color of their skin/their gender.
If you visit /r/tumblrinaction you'll see this concern has some merit.
I'm a white guy and I'd hate to live in the 50s. I mean sure, I'd have a lot more privilege, but at what cost? I'm not a huge fan of sports, I'm lanky and bookish, and I don't give a shit about peoples' race, as long as they're not dicks. Plus, if any of my friends went back with me to the 50s, pretty much all of them would get shit for not being traditionally feminine, especially my only guy friend, who is pan, trans, Korean, and I think he's agnostic. That's, like, giga-horror for the 50s. Then I'd get shit for defending him, and nobody's happy. No thanks.

Any dumbass who wishes it was the 50s also must have forgotten about the draft, or the smoking, or the lack of many kinds of safety regulations. And the music. Oh, god, the music. (I've been playing Fallout 4. Please god get me out of the Congo.)

About the only good thing about the 50s was particular styles of car, and even the 60s were better in that regard. Mmmmm, Mustang.

  Oh god, I feel like I just wrote the most neckbeardy shit ever. Someone save me from myself.
Personally I felt the 80s had the best mix of everything. Feminism and anti racism was reasonable and not psychotic like it is today. 

Is it just me that just noticed that the Tea Party *exists*? I didn't believe it at first, so I Googled it. And if this is common knowledge, I think you should know that I'm Canadian.
TL;DR The Article - A lot of white people think they're oppressed, despite all the science saying otherwise.
You know what I long for? Two years ago, when people lived in relative peace.
I'm a little lost about what racism has actually become. What is racism? I'm beginning to believe racism is based on perception and learned interactions at this point.

Calling someone a racist you are separating yourself by saying he's right I'm a different color/ethnicity than that person and they treat me differently and I don't like it.

But, on the flip side organizations/schools/companies (focus) their hiring on minorities (racist?) but that's OK because I like it and it benefits me.

There is always a flip side it don't matter what ethnicity/sex/religion you are. There are always pros and cons just like /u/tops419[1]  showed in is post.

The problem I see in society isn't that everyone wants to be equal it's that everyone wants to have everyone's pros without their cons. Wouldn't it be nice though if we could all have what we wanted. (If someone knows of a way to do this chip in. I'll even team up with you and we can make this happen.)

The problem I see using the term racist is you are no better then the person treating you poorly. Its basically a term that you give to someone to generalize them and make them feel inferior. The exact thing they did to you, which made you use the term in the first place.

When I hear someone tout this term I immediately think its just a (battle cry) to rally the troops(others of your ethnicity) together and make another ethnicity feel inferior.

P.S Sorry posting from mobile did the best I could on formatting.
The simple fact is that the balance has fallen away from white Americans.  There is literally no way to deny that however I somewhat think that its just a pendelum swinging the other way right now.  
US is more than just black and white now. I mean US has a tremendous influence on attracting bright Asian students (so educated Asians in the US are usually above average even in their own country). As an example - here is the racial makeup of [Silicon Valley] (http://www.businessinsider.com/maps-show-racial-divide-in-silicon-valley-2013-9). Although, if you go deeper, you will find more white managers than Asian managers [link] (http://money.cnn.com/interactive/technology/tech-diversity-data/). Anyway, if there was a question of whether minority is useful or hurtful, Silicon Valley is an example (if people dont like it, they can simply stop supporting what silicon valley produces). 
Many things are not as good as they once were: job and financial security, crime, etc. It may be tempting for some white people to irrationally blame those losses on minorities' progress and perceive reverse discrimination.
&gt;But the sheer size of the racial/ethnic gap concerning perceived discrimination against white Americans is particularly interesting because there is very little in the way of objective evidence of this discrimination and the disadvantage that typically follows. On just about every measure of social or economic well-being, white Americans fare better than any other group.

This is why I can't get worked up over the boogiemen of reverse racism of the spooky sjw menace. It's mostly imaginary. The normal fictional scenario is a poor starving white boy just can't get into any college ever thanks to the stupid low scoring darkies taking all his spots. It's the War on Xmas for reddit teenagers.
I think everyone feels more racially sensitive than they have in the last 50 years. Everytime someone loots a store, I know minorities are saying "Please don't be a minority" when they hear the news. I know when caucasians hear about hate crime they are thinking "Please don't be white". Stereotypes are akward for everybody and nobody wants to be seen as insensitive to anybody else, to the point where everybody is walking on eggshells. 

However, I think the answer to the questions posed in that study, would differ a lot depending on the age of the respondent. I think younger people are more likely to recognize the advances since the 1950's, and I think that baby boomers may be more likely to remember a non existent good old days without remembering the problems the 1950's had. 

Here are a few things. 

1. The red scare. Not having to worry about being thrown in jail, or having your job, or life ruined for seeming to be sympathetic to socialism, that was a pretty bad thing in the 1950s and we take it for granted that we don't have to worry about stuff like that anymore. 

2. Minorities, Women, LGBT, all had less rights in the 1950's. Lets not forget that people were routinely jailed for drinking from the wrong water fountain, sitting in the wrong spot on the bus, associating with the wrong people, loving the wrong people. The guy who helped win WW2 suffered chemical sterilization after the war for the crime of being gay...... 

3. All was not peaceful. You had riots, reigns of terror in the south and different parts of the country, economic uncertainty, political and social injustices, the omnipresent threat of nuclear war, and a fundamental lack of human rights compared to today. 

The good old days were not so good. In any case, young people may not have these false memories of the golden age that never really existed outside of a hollywood pipe dream. Young people are more likely to see the progress made, even in their short decades of life, and see the progress made socially, economically, medically, politically, sexually, and every other aspect of our lives. 
Every time another article trots out how well some folks had it in the 1950s, I feel obliged to mention this one word:

Polio.

Now ask those senile morons dreaming of the idyllic past if they want their children back in lifelong braces and their siblings back in the iron lungs. Or perhaps more mercifully, quickly buried.

I was born in the 1950s. My mother said that every summer, mothers all over the country lived in perpetual, silent terror that one fine morning, their beloved child would wake up with a fever that would spread through their body, bringing weakness, paralysis or even death.

No one with a particle of sense wants to go back to the real 1950s.
If I were picking a time when it was good to be white, it wouldn't be the 1950s. So many people act like whites don't face just as much discrimination as everyone else. This isn't a race or contest. All these examples of blacks are more discriminated against is absurd. Try growing up in a non white neighbourhood when you're white, then tell me how much better off whites are than everyone else. 

Every race is just as discriminated against as the next. It's 2015, get over yourselves so we can move forward. 
Affects of a politically correct society
Indeed, equality feels like oppression to those who used to have privilege. 
From the article:

&gt;There is very little in the way of objective evidence of this discrimination and the disadvantage that typically follows. On just about every measure of social or economic well-being, white Americans fare better than any other group.

The ways that they fare better:

&gt;That's true of housing and neighborhood quality and homeownership. That's true of overall health, health insurance coverage rates, quality of health care received, life expectancy and infant mortality. That's true when it comes to median household earnings, wealth (assets minus debt), retirement savings and even who has a bank account. That's true when one actually looks at who is graduating from college, who holds the bulk of the nation's high-paying and management jobs and who does not.

In short, it's still pretty damn good to be white. What is happening is that white people have been on top since the beginning of this country and nobody has questioned it. People of color have not overtaken white people by any means, they have just been becoming more equal. There are still far more white people on tv, than non white people. There are still far more white people in college than non white people. White is still the default in this country, so I am less than sympathetic to white people who imagine that they are being discriminated against when all of the evidence says otherwise.

If you're used to being on top all the time, then i'm sure equality can feel like discrimination.
[deleted]
"Today discrimination against whites has become **as big a problem as** discrimination against blacks and other minorities"

This kind of made me chuckle. You can't be serious. I'm the most hybrid individual you will meet. My parents and grandparents are all mixed with different races. I'm at least 5 different races, but my light brown skin makes me seen by others as mainly black. So I think I have some ground to comment on this perhaps? 

"As big as a problem", is what made me 'wtf' out loud. This area in the question makes the question out to be "are whites now facing the same discrimination as black individuals back in the day." Like really? This just shows that who ever said "yes", has no idea the level of discrimination minorities faced then and now. Like, fucking really? This really does blow my mind. There isn't anything in the article that JUST compares it to education and scholarships. It says it as a whole. You can not be serious. Are people clutching purses and systemically keeping white people from buying property in select locations? If that is happening nowadays please point me to where so i can be informed. But with that pool of groups that answered I'm not surprised. I lied, I'm still fucking surprised. Teetering on livid. But if that question wasn't as I interpreted then ummm...huh?
I am in awe.
Is Obama white now?
If you're white you should have zero complaints. You've basically won the birth/life opportunities lottery.
Who the f are these people who wake up thinking, "You know what would be fun today.  Lets see if I can cause a plane crash!"

That's a special kind of crazy.
What if it's just one idiot doing it repeatedly? 
Well Florida Man, you have met your match.
That title is really hard to comprehend.
As an airline pilot, fuck these people in particular.
GOOD TO KNOW
well, i guess you have to hang your hat on something..
Just land the damn planes on the lasers.
Omit the last four words, and, yes.

*Source: My zip code
Maybe dumb question- what if pilots just started carrying mirrors, or, what if you invested in a positionable mirror, to deflect the laser beam? Is there anything to this or am I crazy
Is it just me, or would that take some serious aim?
Goddammit...
Oh Mr Jangles. Shame on you!.
Poor little guy. Born into a life of crime.
Times have been rough for Ratatouille
&gt; The mouse was released outside the prison, officials said.

Thank god they didn't kill it.
How would you go about training a mouse?
When Mickey brings you a Mickey.
Mouse'll get 10 years, 8 on good behavior, book deal on release.  He can buy himself a new waistcoat and pocketwatch for the media tour.
That would make for one awesome episode of Tom and Jerry
Now they need  a trained police cat named Tom
Speedy Gonzales' fast life of fame had a negative impact on his children, and they eventually fell into a bad crowd.
The prison is very old, the mice are a symbiotic relationship with the prisoners moving from cell to cell.
Each mouse seeks a productive route which it passes on to the next generation - similar to Sancta Catarin's dolphin's herding fish ashore or Africa's honey bird.
"What mouse?" - Prisoners

"This mouse!" - Hand
Remy just needed the money to cook!
The Problem in Cell 13.
Someone is a patient freaking genius.  
They let it go! Good story. 
I hope the cheese was worth it
Should have used cockroaches
Mr. Jingles got into some shady business.
Clever girl
I knew it, Speedy Gonzalez had to have a new gig. It was low key too.
What if we took ask this human ingenuity and channeled it into something more productive than drug smuggling?
Cheezers came back.
They are doing an extraordinary job compared to him. Gotta keep things relative.
Sometimes I wonder if Goddell even WATCHES football...
They ARE doing an extraordinary job...of fucking things up.


I'm Titans fan(yeah, the only one) and they got called for defensive holding on fourth down late in the game last week on a play in which they stopped the Raiders from scoring. Total phantom call. The NFL admitted it. Too bad the Titans lost because two plays later the Raiders scored and won the game.
Why doesn't the NFL get into a contract with GoPro and put cams on all the referrees? That way the viewers at home can see exactly what the ref witnessed, and see how hard the job really is instead of just yelling "they should have seen that!!" Same should be done for MLB umpires.
**ELI5:** What is a catch?
Let's not forget about that time where the replacement refs happened because Goodell cried poor instead of paying the regular refs.
Goodell bot is broken again!
Yeah, that's why you're shuffling them around and not addressing the actual issue publicly. 
The NFL has always been at war with Eastasia.
Yeah they ARE doing an extraordinary Job! Considering that they are part-time employees that have 9-5 jobs during the week and only do this on weekends. It's a complete joke that the most profitable sports league in North America can't even be bothered to give full time jobs to the crews that are expected to enforce their rules on the field ! Change the way you look at replays, have a dedicated crew in New York that can relay the decision to the officials. Make the refs full time employees (with full time wages). Have them  take an active part in the competition committee and the officiating will be immensely improved. 
"Heck of a job, Brownie."

Yep -- this is the standard way of letting us all know that Goodell's knows that the refs suck, but that we can take a flying something-or-other.
Damn things been broken since we got it. 
"Roger Goodell is doing an extraordinary job" - Roger Goodell
I think that comment hits a little high. Personal foul, $10,000 fine.
I don't believe you.
"C'mon, our refs have a spotless record when discussing domestic violence"
an extraordinary job at fixing games per the leauges desired outcomes. goodell and the leauge are a joke
They do, for part time employees.
So..."Brownie you're doing a heckuva a job."
Calvin Johnson sends his regards.
Ahhhh Goodell the giant red spokes ape. 
Goodell is such a joke. 
Isn't this right after removing a crew from SNF
Just like you are doing an 'extraordinary job', Rog
What? Professional sports officiating is by far the worst aspect of sports.
Well, they're not doing an ordinary job. It's terribly not, what they should be doing. 
Extraordinary doesn't mean good, it means unusual or remarkable. They are doing an extraordinarily shitty job. 
Bullshit. Even when it benefits my team it still sucks to get bad calls. They miss more shit and call the weirdest stuff all the time. I honestly think they are calling things to shift the momentum of the game.
Yeah, like that random whistle for a coach being on the sideline in the pats game two weeks ago. 
Fucking penalties every other play now days. I am a NFL fanatic and whether it's my team or not these fuckers are making the game unwatchable. I feel like the officials are being the toughest opponent my team has played all year, funny thing is I only place 50% of the blame on these fucks. The rules have gotten retarded as hell. No one here can define a catch in this league. This dude has turned the game into a no contact sport and you have these vets coming out bitching about concussions, what the fuck? It's god damned football for Christ's sake. They knew the risks. Fuck these dumb asses who have made millions playing this game now digging for more money and media attention. They are only trying to stay relevant. Fuck them all. It's football. Grow a pair or don't play. It's not beach fuckin  volleyball. 
Pats fan here, though one could argue we got royally screwed over by calls during the Denver game, we've been relatively lucky for shit Ref calls this year. Teams that come to mind who have been royally screwed by referee calls this year: Titans, Lions (Seattle fumble and GB face mask)... I know there's others
I thought the point of this sub was to post unbelievable stuff? Anyone who knows this asshat shouldn't be surprised. 
someone forgot to fix the goodell bot again
They are doing a great job on making calls against the Patriots ever since Goodel lost his court case.
Is this the Roger Goodell from the alternate universe where he and the refs are competent? Where NFL teams don't move to other cities? Or where punishment for players match the offense committed?  Or is Roger hitting the bottle?
That is the oldest looking 23 year old in the history of old looking 23 year olds. 
Am I the only one who thinks this is sad? 
The last line of the story said that she was released from jail to a mental health facility.
Ha, ha. Let's laugh at the addicts!
I like the mention of a strobe light and glow sticks.

OooooooOOooo! It was a scary hotel rave!
Including in the article that her mother said that she had been in trouble with the law before seems unnecessary when we were already told she just got off probation... 
My hometown never disappoints.
I feel I've been living under a rock since the 1930s, what's this about prohibition ending?
[deleted]
hahahaha what the fuck???? shes 23 and partying with teenagers?? what a twat 
She is using drugs after we put her in prison for using drugs! Lets put her in prison, that'll learn her!
Holy Moly she looks 50 !
She made bail, sounds like time for another party to celebrate.
When in doubt, Florida.
Busted with DEADLY MARIJUANA... and other drugs.
forget vegas im goin to florida!

Holy shit I'm from this county!!! Not how I wanted my area but be represented... But still stoked to see my area show up on Reddit haha
Oh Florida you never disappoint. 
This is kinda stupid. Yeah dumb thing to do, but really, mental health facility? She isnt psychotic, just likes to party. Nothing inherently wrong with that.
Love that pussy pass at the end. 
"On the lam"
[Delaware's most wanted](http://i.imgur.com/JbYSw5R.jpg)
 "It's happening all over again! Stop it before it warns the others" - With love, Australia. 
"Rogue Emu" new band name, I call it.
[Emu War 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emu_War) averted, it's okay guys.
Lock down two elementary schools because an EMU might be nearby... for fuck sakes... I don't think emu's ate children the last I checked. They're definitely assholes though. 
I'm born and raised Delawarian (LOWER DELAWARE, MIND YOU KENT AND NEWCASTLE SCUM). I'm kinda glad this is the only kind of stuff that makes the news for Delaware. I don't want any more attention drawn to the paradise of the sussex county beaches.
I've always loved the phrase "on the lam"!
Any luck catching them emu's then?
wanna lose another war? start one against these fuckers. nobody ever knows who owns an emu anyway.

source - australian.
thank god its rain of terror is over.  prey for the victims.
&gt;  An emu whose escape more than 60 days ago prompted lockdowns at two Delaware elementary schools has been captured.

I've said it before and I'll say it again, we are increasingly a nation of cowards scared of our own shadows.

Also:
&gt; http://**bigstory**.ap.org/

Yikes
I don't think the big scandal here is him not wanting to fly economy. I think the big issue is sending non-cabinet and non-shadow cabinet MPs to China at all. 

This point aside, sure, business class tickets are expensive. But in the scheme of a full trip, with flights, accommodation, food, preparation etc., it's worth it to not have people zoning out in meetings. China is far away, and has time difference. If you're sending delegates abroad, you can have them arrive exhausted for meetings, or well rested and prepared to perform. 
[deleted]
That's a looong trip to fly economy on, though, just sayin
if you dont understand why he did this, you obviously never done 10 god damn hours on economic seat.
lol, and I'm supposed to hate him because of this?  Literally everyone else would make the same choice.  Just because he's a Labour MP doesn't mean he HAS to go to China in economy, especially if he's flying on official business.  
"Coach?? Fuck it... I'll just use Skype."

Had I been an MP I would have solved the problem by upgrading to first class but, at my own expense.
A true man of the people.
He is a terrible MP anyway. I kinda regret voting for him.
[deleted]
These kinds of people go against the very ideas behind Labour.
Pussy.
That is a wonderful representative of the party called "Labour"
They'll have to modify that inscription "We Will Remember Them" to "We Will Remember Them If Only We Could Remember Their Names."
&gt;Chris Franklin, town mayor, said the memorial committee's decision to "omit the names" seemed to be "purely based on it being too much of a risk".

You know what was a bigger risk? Fighting in a war
Great way to remember the fighters...in spirit alone.
How much you want to bet there is some controversial name, like a name that every one is pretty sure should not go on except a vocal few (E. G. Executed for cowardice or desertion) so the committee is like nope not our problem. 
The Vietnam Memorial in DC has this problem.  Names are added every year.  

They ought to go interactive with maybe a QR code that displays the known lost.  They can add to it, post pictures, etc., as needed.  
Gone but not forgote....  nevermind.
Is it just me or is £130,000 a lot of money for some bits of granite? If you bought a granite gravestone for example, it would cost what? A grand? Just seems way overpriced.
Damp squib?
So it's bluntness got press and probably resulted in more people getting tested.

Good on ya, department of health.
this isnt ok but all the Meth billboards are?
That billboard was actually a very appealing part of Wyoming. 

Beside Yellowstone, what the hell have you got left, Wyoming?? 
upi.com : our programmers have absolutelty no idea on how to use javascript as it's supposed to be used.
Colorado should probably get checked out. They *say* they're just neighbors, but...
Just replace it with "Wyoming has Jolly Ranchers"
When your state produced Dick Cheney, a little gonorrhea doesn't seem all that embarrassing. 
Well that billboard is GONEorrhea now. 
Golf clap for Wyoming.
The ones who complained, have gonorrhea.
Wyoming TV does a huge amount of public service announcements. Not surprised to see outdoor advertising like this in a state that doesn't hide from social problems.
Ah, the Loaf n Jug.  Do you have a Rewards Card?  DO YOU HAVE A REWARDS CARD???
so this campaign is a success? 

  1. let it go viral, awareness raised

  2. wait a month.

  3. take it down, highlighting controversy.  gonorrhea viral awareness  round 2. 
People are weak and wimpy if they get upset over being told a factual straight up truth.
Hexagon is also commonly used as a nickname for France itself, in French. The country is roughly hexagonal (ignoring islands and other far-away territories).  The hexagon is very symbolic in France in that context.
the roof looks great for skateboarding
Not to be outshined, Russia is now working on their own decagon.
It's an entire gon better than the U.S. building!
That is a sweet piece of architecture.
It looks rectangular in the picture.

Edit: Oh the *atrium* is a hexagon.
That dot matrix on the buildings sides looks like the blur they put in high resolution satellite photos to block out secret info.

It's sort of brilliant to paint it on the structure itself.

I'll bet it is very difficult for a missile or weapon to optically lock on to that target. Hell it's hard for a HUMAN eye to lock on it.


&gt;the hexagon is a visual symbol of France’s hexagonal-shaped geography, which long ago earned it the nickname the Hexagon (“L’Hexagone”).

It says so in the fucking thing. What a clickbait title that article has.
US: Does that mean it's better? Does it make you any safer?

France: Well, it's one more, isn't it? It's not five. You see, most blokes, you know, will be defending the country from four or even five sided buildings. You're at six here, totally protected, all the way around, you've got six sides to defend from. Where can you go from there? Where?

US: I don't know.

France: Nowhere. Exactly. What we do is, if we need that extra defense, you know what we do?

US: Put it up to six.

France: Six. Exactly. One more.

US: Why don't you just put better stuff inside and make five be the top number and make that a little stronger?

France: [pause] This goes to six. 

---

Clearly a five-sided building is as high as is logical to go. No one has ever successfully made a fort with more sides /s
Well yeah but this building actually looks pretty cool though
This reminds me of that story in which they built the Pentagon with only five sides so it wouldn't tessellate instead of a hexagon. This would prevent aliens coming in the night and building dozens of other hexagons around the real Hexagon and causing chaos because nobody would know which Hexagon was the real one.

So next time you're on a bus with a worker for the Pentagon, you can tell them this story, but they'll laugh it off while secretly worrying because *you know* and *they know that you know.*

But more importantly, *you'll know that they'll know that you know,* and even if *they know that you know that they know that you know,* they can do fuck all about it.
32 million dollar swimming pool? This doesn't sound like a defence building but a mega resort... What would a 32 million dollar pool look like?
**this building fly af**
heh, France went full Tropico
I thought the Pentagon was shaped that way after the soldier formations used by romans. 
Oh, yeah! Well, we can go septagon if we wanted to!
Does france have 6 military branches? I thought that was the reason the Pentagon was a pentagon
Six...minute...abs...
It came just before the attacks? That is interesting
This one goes to 6!
It might have a hexagon center - but the rest of the building looks like the lair of a bond villain. 
Should have gone with a parallelogram. 
Someone should overlay David's star over the building plan.
wo
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: Women can have sex with their knees together. In fact, for both consenting parties involved, it can be rather enjoyable. 
Ahhh yes. Alberta, the Texas of Canada.
Fuck his apologies. They better bloody well fire him. 
Canadian lawyer here!

What the article doesn't seem to make clear is that the Federal Court, where Judge Camp sits right now, does not handle sexual assault cases, or any other criminal cases. They deal with judicial review of federal administrative board decisions (immigration, some tax, telecom, etc), intellectual property, maritime law, and some lawsuits against the government.

Beyond that, yeah, it's pretty bad. One of the worst things I've ever heard from a Canadian judge.
What a giant, flaming, blivet brained, jackass!
Uh, your "honor", "assault" kinda implies force was used to ensure otherwise...

You know, just sayin.
In addition to all the sensitivity training, I hope Judge Camp learned a valuable lesson from this -- "better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth to speak and remove all doubt."
I really hope the writer of the article isn't trying to imply that "do you have a condom" didn't mean she wanted to have sex.
Doesn't someone have to question the victim in this kind of manner to get real answers? 

If he's being a bigot, that's one thing. But isn't asking "why didn't you resist?" Etc, normal? Dam I sure hope so if I ever get falsely accused of rape. I don't want people to be scared to question women.
[deleted]
It seems excessively more difficult to design a new United States than use a real one.
HES A SURGEON NOT A GEOGRAPHIST SHARON
I don't even understand how this is possible. Like how could a person even do this.
that's *Dr. Carson* to you, pal
I am the only one in this campaign who has dissected Siamese twins, as well as the states of Vermont and New Hampshire.
The man has ideas... real change. Not that Obama change.
How do you even do this? Of all the complete pictures of the U.S. to go through on the internet, you decide you wanna complete a puzzle.
Can hardly wait for Ben Carson's map of the Middle East.
We're saying no to using Google to figure out where all these states go.
Damn it Jim, I'm a doctor, not a map-maker!
Hey, I'm from Maryland, I'm not gonna argue, he ceded us some of Virginia. More state for us!
I honestly believe he's going senile.  It would be great to have someone with medical knowledge comment on whether he is showing early signs of dementia or alzheimer's.
Meanwhile over in the Senate, here's Al Franken: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0-FYyuvrRk
This is why I play EU4. It has drastically improved my approximate knowledge of geography.
I think I know where those missing states went. They are in the pyramids, though most historians think that aliens took them.
TL;DR: Nobody outside New England cares about New England.
I didn't see this yesterday, so pardon me. Everyone here is asking how this could happen. Here's my theory:

Take a map where you can select states to color them. Since you have them selected, probably with a wand tool or something where you aren't selecting exact states but regions (hence why part of Virginia got colored), let's say you can move them. Now select CT, RI, MA, NH, and ME. Now accidentally drag them away from the rest. Then say "oops" and drag them back as a cluster such that CT is bordering northern VT. Say "I think CT is next to VT, so this should be it" then save and publish.
Pretty sure Carson didn't do the graphic design work on this thing.  Come on now.
I'm surprised how many people are jumping on this. It's like, how much of an asshole do you need to be? You want to punish refugees cause some could he terrorists? Is our government so incompetent that they can't figure out who's who? If so, fire the heads of the FBI, cia, and NSA as they are clearly incompetent.
Yeah, I'll bet the intern who made this didn't even include all of Obama's 57 states.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpGH02DtIws

I still remember when that happened and people were getting legit bent out of shape that people were making fun of it.  I'll bet there is a huge overlap of people that thought that was mudslinging, yet this is totally a funny mistake, despite the fact it was probably made by a college age volunteer, not the candidate himself.  


And that's what's wrong with political discourse on the internet. It's all GOTCHA!  SOMEONE WHO WORKS FOR YOUR GUY MADE A MISTAKE!  It's all so toxic.  If you want to make fun of Carson, there are plenty of valid things to make fun of him over, but some intern screwed up a map on their website isn't one of them.  
He's just trying to show us what will happen when the refugees all get here. Look at the damage they'll cause 

/s
He's an idiot.

Or he employs a bunch of idiots in his campaign/tweet HQ.

I think probably both.
If you look on his twitter, this image is FAKE. https://twitter.com/RealBenCarson/status/667015392250982402
/r/nottheonion the subreddit to shine when /r/politics thinks they didn't make enough propaganda for the day.
He should spend more time looking at the mapa mundi then to his (supposedly huge) dick
This.... seems like a legitimate complaint. If it is advertised as a good alternative for kids afraid of loud noises, then procedes to make loud noises, I'd be annoyed as well. From what I'm reading, these weren't much quieter than normal fireworks. Fun title for this subreddit, but fairly misleading.
The display was being marketed as "Silent" and aimed at toddlers and others afraid of loud noises (such as kids with learning disabilities).

The descriptions used are: “fireworks display with a little bit of a difference, with **no bangers or loud noises**, ideal for the little ones” and "Our **Silent Fireworks** display"

Whilst most of us realise that silent fireworks are impossible the fact that they used highly misleading language which led to misinformed parents bringing kids who were far too young to be exposed to a loud, prolonged show is an issue.

The parents probably thought they had a great opportunity to do something normal with their young kids, but ended up wasting an evening and probably spending hours settling them down.
It seems people in here don't understand marketing. It's like buying a computer marketed as extremely quiet. You receive it, turn it on and sounds like a jet taking off. What do you do? Complain. 
You'd think they'd still play a white noise over some loudspeakers to drown out the firework noise. We had something similar in a park near my house, and while they aren't really that silent, they played some kids music to overpower the fireworks without making it too loud, and nobody seemed to have a problem.
[deleted]
Things that make loud noises were too noisy.

Get a fucking grip.
Poor kids... Scared for life I'll bet
Everything makes noise. It probably should have been advertised differently, but parents who expected silence are stupid. The quiet displays that I've seen are about as startling as a slamming door.
Explain to me why children would be frightened by fireworks....have they been watching too much war coverage of mortar strikes? WTF British parents?
SILENCE!
I KILL YOU!
Think I just found footage:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX7Yo0tWDgk
Of course, it's a black cow!
#AllLivestocksMatter

Ghandi has launched a nuke at your capital city.
Reminds me for the murder of the Idaho rancher after the cops called him to deal with his bull that was hit by a car.  Showed up and cops murdered him after another family member handed him a rifle and was about to put barrel to bulls head.  This was after they shot the bull with a couple dozen rounds from the police issued ar15.  www.idahostatesman.com/news/local/article43654638.html
It's like something out of Sim City
Before everyone starts freaking out, it was only in the black spots..
Cause... a rope and a cowboy just wouldn't have been prudent.  Why not pump 24 shots in a cow who isn't bothering people.
Reminded me of [George Nelson](https://youtu.be/Xk4gfYwV3qM).
Holy cow that cow had had a lot of holes
I live near there, there is a cattle auction right in that area wonder if that has anything to do with it. Then again there are cows everywhere around here. The highway the cow was on is the largest in the area and I don't blame them for wanting to deal with the situation quickly. 
Such a horrible loss of steak and rissoles.
Me, Myself and Irene
He's coming right for us!
This is udderly ridiculous. 
Sounds like they wanted to shoot their shiny new assault rifle.
The officer simply felt his life was in danger. 
#cowlivesmatter
24 shots with an assault rifle?  A) it should have been accomplolished in one shot B) 24 shots is a hazard in itself to the community.
Are they investigating it as a potential homoocide?
Is your mom okay?
[Cows with Guns] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQMbXvn2RNI&amp;ab_channel=Thermosion)
*sigh* read this as cum shot 24 times....i worked  12 hours today. 
#CowLivesMatter
Horrible. Cops will find any excuse to shoot something more than once.
this would've never happened if they had been eating more chicken
The cow was living her life like a renegade.

edit: misgendered the cow
Those are some dope rims on that police car.
Cows are typically sedentary and cute cozy animals. just get out and put a hand on its shoulder and you can lead it. 
They shoulda sprinkled a little bit of crack on the cow.
Old news Nz police did it a few months ago, took it out in a residential area as well, people got real upset saying they could have been shot lol.
The cow was being jerky
The cow clearly had a gun and was making erratic movements. 
The farmer's should unite and protest!  Destroy downtown Abbotsford! 
"Justice for the cow!…24 shots!"
 #bovinelivesmatter
Don't get your jimmies rustled, I don't see what the big deal is. The police spent a half hour trying to get someone to control the cow, then when that failed they shot it. Now obviously 24 shots is horrible for the cow, but there's no mention that the cow was specifically shot with a rifle, my guess is they tried with handguns first, and bringing down a big animal like that is not easy. Should it take that many bullets? Not really, but it's not outrageous to say the least.

My guess is the city cops weren't quite sure how to deal with it and weren't approaching it, rather shooting it from far away, and if you try with a pistol first you're gonna have a bad time.
24 shots with an assault rifle?  A) it should have been accomplolished in one shot B) 24 shots is a hazard in itself to the community.
Holy cow! What is the world coming to?
This is clearly a case of cops who took it too far. I'm sure you get bored and don't get many excuses to shoot your gun, but seriously chill :p It's a cow walking through the streets, not a criminal on a rampage. A tranq wouldve done the same trick
I knew as soon as I saw the headline that this would be a "Black Cow" otherwise it would have been herded by 24 police cars. How now black cow?
"Upon further review, the cow was clearly in possession of a firearm, and was asked multiple times to place it's hands in the air. Only after not complying with the officer's orders did the officer pacify the subject with 24 big ones to the dome. We will not be taking any further questions at this time."
I'm imagining the archeologist in a pith helmet, emerging from a grubby excavation, glued to his smartphone.
That belongs in a museum...

Thumbnail made me think it was another religious relic shaped piece of toast...
It might seem outrageous but honestly there are many rare and old documents on eBay - some use it as a true auction platform of selling unique items rather than the shitfest so common today. If this came from a private collection it certainly can be sold to a private collection, provided it wasn't stolen. Often the history of a rare document is known or partially known. I'm sure there is a worry that this might get gobbled up by some unknowns who can't value the historical significance and it will be lost for some time, maybe finding its way to a landfill, but the right starting price and the fact that collectors are always looking prevents that from happening.
&gt;"I thought: This can't be allowed to sell on eBay," Dr Smith told the New York Times. "It will just disappear into a private collection."  

"This can't be allowed to sell on eBay" Why not exactly? If a museum/researcher wants it, they should have to purchase it with their own money just like anyone else.
That money probably goes directly to ISIS
Looks like it's a slow news day, this was up a few months back 

http://www.bricecjones.com/blog/a-greek-papyrus-of-the-gospel-of-john-for-sale-on-ebay
Honestly, the only reason I care is because it's nice to remind people that their "unchanging, dictated by God" book has changed so much it's not even funny.
I would have bought it for that price. Then loaned it to a museum. 
So many people are simple minded. Torrents are not inherently wrong. Many universities track torrents and host repositories for software. I hate the mindset that the media has instilled on people that allows a person to be absolved from all original thought.
"It’s not clear whether the ISP’s higher level management is aware of the tracker" Well they know now....
... and it's illegal to use torrents or run a torrent tracker in that country.
Yeah this news articles are gonna help keep it running for sure. I give it another week at most.
Russian ISPs had torrents, DC+, ftps with everything - pirated games, porn and shit on their local network and listed on their website as features. Every ISP had local servers for CS 1.6 and Lineage 2 by default. Virtually every _ single _ one, including semi-government ones. All that almost made up for plans like 300 megabytes for 20$/month and 0.1$ per megabyte above that up to like fucking 2006.

After most ISPs got consolidated under a federal government-owned mega-ISP starting around 2013, things got much cleaner though.
This article was so poorly written and edited as to obscure its main points. 
Wait so what is the mother upset about exactly? She wants more education about ISIS in schools or she just wanted to drop the Phd bomb to the news? I have no idea what the point of this article is.
I think the "200 kids that were kidnapped" was a terror act committed by Boko Haram, not ISIL.. But then again I don't have a Juris in education, either.
Don't worry... Everyone knows that nobody in ISIS uses SOAP and probably hasn't even heard of it before
Is there main point to this article? I read the whole thing again because I thought I missed it, but what I'm taking away "mother is angry about homework assignment." Okay she has the support of other parents. For what exactly? And what is she waiting for to 'happen next?' I hope someone was canned for the awful job that they did writing this.
&gt; Paris in Lebanon

?????????????
What did I just read? Seems like there would be a lot more material better suited to teach SOAP than an article from ISIS. Is that what the parent is mad about or just that the students arn't getting a full background on ISIS?
Why is a geography teacher assigning homework regarding article analysis about subject matter and target audiences is my question. Seems more of a literature assignment
Keep critical thinking out of our schools!
Well I mean my history teacher had us analyze scripture from all sides of debates since he told us history doesnt take sides, it just happens. Or something like that. I never got in trouble for analyzing German Nazi war propaganda and recruitment posters. Although I probably read the article wrong.
Why is it that half of the news reports from r/nottheonion are from Houston. I didn't think we were that stupid. 
Is it bad of me that the journalism student in me is more critical that the article says "tumblr site" instead of "Tumblr page" than at the actual assignment?
It sounds like she thinks ISIS and Boko Haram are the same group too, when she talked about the 200 school girls. 
Seems like this is something we need to teach our kids to watch out for.
&gt;"Let's teach about the school kids that were kidnapped, 200 of them, from their school. Where are they now?"

Wasn't that Boko Haram?
I'm starting to like Common Core. 
TIL teaching 9th Graders about "21 Christians that were beheaded" is much more school appropriate than a school assignment about ISIS.
The mom sounds like a child.
[deleted]
This needs to be filed under /r/NoShitSherlock/
I wonder what else she would have complained about? Teaching about the Holocaust? Tienanmen Square? The Soviet Union? All things that we should be teaching kids, so history doesn't repeat itself?
Who gives a fuck about every single god dam person that get's upset over something fucking stupid.  
that's hardcore
welcome to the real world jackass
Osama bin Laden was a member of al-Qaeda, not the Daesh.
Ugh.  This women is upset because the  homework did concentrate on ISIS crimes against Christians.

Edit:  it is right in the article:
&gt;Let's teach about the 21 Christians that were beheaded," said Bosley. 
I watched the news this morning where they showed a pic of this guy before telling the latest story about him, recognized him right away and thought, "What'd he steal another bus again?" Live in the New York area and get so used to seeing him pop up in the news every year or so.
&gt;He has been diagnosed with Asperger’s syndrome, an autism spectrum disorder, as well as depression and anxiety stemming from the attack at school, but only recently have courts begun to take this into account. 

&gt;Lori Shery, president of the Asperger Syndrome Education Network and a friend of McCollum’s family, told the Guardian that she found him a job at a train museum in South Carolina, where his mother lives, but he found the pull of the real transit network too strong. Her theory is that he enjoys the notoriety. “I think he likes being in the limelight,” she said. “He’s become a celebrity of sorts. I think he likes that.”

Well that explains most of that.
Just give him a job already, FFS.  He's going to care more about his job than any employee you've already got.
Just let him drive the damn trains with a coworker for supervision or something.
Why don't they just give him a job as some sort of PR / conductor / greeter type roll? He has gained notoriety over his actions already so giving him a job would probably be good PR for the company.  
I know there is no chance in hell that they would give him a job at this point but I think it may actually be safer and cheaper for the MTA to just pay the dude to do something simple like clean rail cars or something. 

He seems pretty dedicated and he would probably would do a decent job at whatever they gave him. 
"i have a very good feeling about this."
Why aren't those officers beating him?
How does one get arrested 30 times and keep a job?


Reminds me of the movie [Malcolm] (http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091464/). 
My personal favorite line: "To add a street bass beat, some of the police tapped their batons against their shields in time with the music."
With the title of it, i was picturing katy perry in a police uniform, trying to fight the mob of protesters
Say what you want about the Philippines, but anyone who uses music instead of violence to counter already violent protesters is doing *something* right. 





/r/NotSubredditSimulator 
Did people dance as they protested? The song with the street bass beat could be, "They Don't Care About Us" by Michael Jackson.
Everyone is missing the point here! Even with the click bait title... Even the "poorer" nations don't want this tpp b.s. 

GLOBALIZATION my a**! 

It's just a moniker sold by multinational corporations to politicians so they create regulations that destroy wages in any nation and make the population bend to their will!
Bring left shark.
Some local context: 

I live in Metro Manila and the city has been effectively shut down for a week because they closed down major roads. These protestors are pretty hardcore. 

The protestors are especially riled up because before APEC came, there was growing visibility about indigenous Lumads getting killed by the military and paramilitary forces. It's gotten so bad that they've been killing teachers and random civilians because the military is intensely paranoid. 

https://news.vice.com/article/escalating-violence-and-mining-encroachment-spark-protests-in-the-philippines

The protests/media coverage increased in Metro Manila ever since Lumads started coming to the capital to plead with the government to save their communities from being massacred. This is a huge deal because they literally live waaaaay on the other side of this island nation with 7000 islands, and they're pretty poor so coming here was a huge logistical effort. They generally stay just stay in their ancestral territory, so them coming to the capital means things are getting f*cked. But the government continues to ignore and marginalize them while the killings continue. 

And the government cancelled their permit to demonstrate during APEC even though their permit was supposed to be good for another week. 

And this is also just a few weeks after the 2-year anniversary of Typhoon Haiyan/Yolanda. The government has only built temporary housing thus far, which locals don't want to move into because they have no running water. And the president didn't even visit them during the anniversary because he decided to go to some rich guy's kid's wedding instead.

AND people who have to work during APEC week are forced to walk along the closed highways for hours. A lady even gave birth out on the street because ambulances couldn't pick her up. 

Put that together with the fact that the Philippine government spent 10 billion pesos on APEC (~213 million USD), and it's easy to understand why locals are angry and riled up. But in typical Filipino style, most people will just find a way to leave the country. Not that the government cares, because it means that it will just earn more passive income in the form of remittances. 10% of GDP and growing. 
The protesters retreated to the soul classic "My Girl"


*talkin 'bout my girl*
Click bait title is misleading. 
Someone at the UN needs to call out Philippines on their use of torture.
Redirect
This probably violates the standard license. If you disagree with this silencing of protests, email the record company.
They totally stole this tactic from The Mask. 


"Yes sir, I'm Cuban Pete. I'm the craze of my native street.
When I start to dance, everything goes chick-chicky-boom, chick-chicky boom" 🎶🎶🎶
The artists should sue APEC for publicly performing their songs without asking permission, much as a band sued the US Gov. for using during Guantanamo torture sessions.
I'd disperse her ;DDDD
*You are either with us, or you are with the bubble wrap*
Security footage of the incident:

https://coubsecure-a.akamaihd.net/get/b6/p/coub/simple/cw_gif_big/4640d143c31/b7a90d29fdf555103baf8/1411595535_1394812760_1cwlpor_xrcl.gif
Definitely the huge pink bubble wrap that comes in industrial-sized rolls.

On a more serious note, goes to show that Military security is on heightened alert.
The terrorist have won, I give up... when we are so fucking jumpy that this shit happens, time to throw in the towel... we are a nation in terror.
I'm an e4 first responder at kirtland afb. I was shopping at the bx and the emergency sirens went off. I had to lock down the bx and keep everyone inside while constantly checking doors and telling people to stay locked up in the shops. It started at 245. Didn't end till about 430. So much confusion. People at the shopette heard someone pop industrial sized bubble wrap and thought it was gunshots 😂😂
As soon as I read the title, I knew it was going to be 4'33". John Cage is simultaneously an absolute menace and kinda brilliant for bringing up this question and the related issues with this piece. I recommend cross-posting this to /r/classicalmusic, because they'll get a great laugh out of this. 
I love how the dude named it a remix
People think this is soundcloud's problem. In reality this is our horribly warped and unfair copyright system, and the absurd requirements of the DMCA.
[deleted]
This is pretty asinine of Soundcloud but then again [Soundcloud didn't target the silence.](http://www.engadget.com/2015/11/30/no-soundcloud-didnt-remove-a-silent-track-for-violating-copyri/)
I just love the fact the guy's running with the image of the head kid from the Saturday morning cartoon *Recess.*

I don't suppose that particular copyright matters a whit, though.
As somebody who does a LOT of song covers I can honestly say I've never had soundcloud block any of my content. I use the name of the track, credit the original artist, and never had a problem. 
Dammit Soundcloud.
That's a picture of a Wallaby, not a kangaroo...
Must be the hoppy beer.
But how do the kangaroo farts smell?
That looks like a wallaby
What scientists got the job of studying Kangaroo farts?
Methane isn't ever friendly to the environment. Should be kangaroo farts more detrimental than previously thought, but noooo we like to think kangaroos are cute until before they tear us a new one.
This isn't fair. what *wouldn't* we click on that starts with 'Kangaroo Farts"
these are the important problems
Previous thinking: Al Gore said kangaroo farts "all good"
This is a thing?
I can't help but wonder if the use of alfalfa might have modified the results; alfalfa being a common cattle feed and very uncommon in a typical kangaroo diet.
"It is a lot to ask, I know, but we feel personally obligated to make sure that every small business that extended us their good faith and credit is repaid."


Especially the ones owned by Walker.....
Fiscal Responsibility. 
He expected to be President when he can't even properly manage the finances of his own campaign? 

How about spend what you have and learn to budget? 

I just feel bad for the state he represents. 
I'm certain the school teachers and other union employees will take up a collection Monday...
You mean this conservative is asking for welfare and charity?

Maybe he should get a job and work to pay it off? 

Hard work is how you get ahead right? Maybe he just needs to work harder and stop wasting his money. 

Deadbeat.
Oh, sure. *Now* he wants welfare.
Scott Walker doesn't give a shit about Wisconsin or its citizens.  
I'm so glad he dropped out. He was easily the slimiest and honestly  most dangerous candidate.
Well lets just pray for him.
&gt; reports showed the campaign burned through about $90,000 a day, in part due to exorbitant salaries paid to a massive staff.
This douche doesn't even take responsibility for his own party's policies that drive corporations to seek lower cost alternatives outside of the United States. Instead, he wants to funnel potential donations to active political candidates to pay off his own debts incurred while paying exorbitant salaries to his family and friends during his failed attempt to self-promote himself into higher office.
He's asking for handouts? fucking welfare bum!
Call the one of the Koch brothers.
What he needs is an emergency manager to take over all his finances to pay for this.  Maybe cut back on some of those civil service entitlements like his pension and sick leave.  Also, maybe if we increase the taxes he's paying so we could give a break to a corporation moving into his town, it'll all trickle down and things will work out. 
Sounds like this lazy motherfucker needs to pull himself up by his bootstraps...
Funny how he feels "personally responsible" to pay back all the businesses that supported his campaign by asking others to foot the bill. What a piece of shit he is.
He should crowdfund with Essena O'Neill
Those small businesses can obviously just get loans from the Wisconsin Economic Development Corp Walker set up, and just not repay them like all his other cronies have.
Who does the campign owe and why do I give a flying fuck that they get paid?
Wow; I thought Rubio was the only "fiscally responsible" Republican candidate who couldn't handle his personal finances.
Call Sheldon Addison at Fox Gnus he'll cover your righteous BS 
what a lazy, mooching parasite. He's a taker trying to leech off hard-working makers in Wisconsin 
He doesn't need to end it in the black, just break even. 
Campaign Debt. Wow. 

Campaign Debt.
Sure thing Governor, the second that you sign a bill saying that all student loans are forgiven for Americans that were seeking to build a better lives for themselves, we'll work on getting your debt repaid for the better life you've built for yourself.
In the end he paid his family a negative salary for working the campaign.  He can't even steal properly.
it was an intentional joke in the original column

shoddy work by media matters (didn't see that coming)
I'm pretty sure every candidate who's not a Republican Top 6, Bernie Sanders or Hillary Cilnton could be considered an unidentified man/woman at this point. 

I genuinely had no idea that George Pataki and Lindsey Graham were running for the Republican nomination until a few days ago
Who ?
didnt read article; thought to myself, what? i thought he was dead.

read article; realized i was thinking of Martin Mull. and no, he isn't dead and i dont know why i thought he was.
This site has the most readable font ever
&gt;Media Matters was founded by David Brock, a Clinton supporter who is spearheading a super PAC working for her election as president.

So the people that took it out of context are working to promote Hillary.  Just more of her campaign's shit smear, it seems.
How did the Media Matters staffer take the caption out of context? It was indeed a brutal caption, joke or not.

It seems like the term "out of context" gets used out of context frequently in political debate.
Who?
When I was young (30 years ago) the WSJ was the gold-standard of quality factual reporting; now it's the merely the print edition of Fox "News". (Editorial comment: Proper usage is to quote the "News" in Fox "News" to indicate that it's being used ironically.)
Let's make a joke about Martin O'Malley's obscurity as a Democratic presidential candidate by making him even more obscure!
Mustard Tiger.
Phil Collins is amazing, i'm not sure what these people are talking about. Sussudio, Dance into the light, In the air tonight. Do I even need to say anything else? He would be doing a disservice to humanity if he DIDN'T return to music. 
fuck that site, it froze my screen
inb4 rehashed american psycho references
Am I the only one who things change.org has become a farce? I don't see how anybody can take a petition from that site seriously. 
Shouldn't bother, it's against all odds.


I'll show myself out.
As if a man who has sold over 100 million  records both solo and with a band will care about some online trolls and cry babies... 
At one point in the 80's, Phil was fucking everywhere.  You could go anywhere and hear either a Genesis or Phil Collins song.  It was inescapable.  I don't think it was thru any fault of his own but he had completely saturated the market.  You can only hear Sussuido so many times.  There was a big backlash.  Bigger than I thought because people are still not ready for him to come back.
I guarantee the people that signed that petition either signed it ironically or they just listen to really shitty music. 
"music fans"

The headline should read "people with shit tastes upset good artist is returning to music"
Man, fuck those people. The man made a bunch of music, and a lot of people liked it. If they don't like it, they don't have to buy it. What a bunch of whiny shits.
There are people who don't like Phil Collins? Those people deserve the worst to happen to them. 
[](http://i.imgur.com/HMU7i2d.jpg)
luv Phil since the early years.
Where can I sign the petiton!?
If you've heard his solo songs since the mid '80's, you know how important this cause is. If you haven't heard the songs, don't listen to them, even for reference. Spare yourself the disgust and horror. Just know, our dear children, that those who sign this petition are on an important crusade. They're trying to prevent the furthering of a travesty that began after *In the Air Tonight* and should have been prevented then, but which was allowed to happen and to continue without strong resistance for too long. Humanity can't repeat that mistake. We must learn from the past so that we're not doomed to repeat it.
The problems of the first world...
I'm sure the person that started that petition works for the onion, so this story doesn't belong in this sub.
He's amazing. Can't wait to hear what he has in store for us.
As much as I like Phil Collins and Genesis, I fully support this petition. Why? Well, as great as Phil is, he has quite a few flaws, and he isn't perfect as a musician, much less a person. His last album didn't sell very well, and although he has made a bit of a comeback, despite having gone through back surgery and been relatively unable to drum, I don't think he should fully *return* to music. Maybe a small tour every once in a while, but certainly not recording and producing albums.

EDIT: I'm not hating on ol' Phil, I'm just saying that he should stick to smaller-scale musical activity.
We can bring the number of school incidents down to 0 if we simply just expel all the students. Why has nobody thought of this before?
Hey, turning schools into prisons is OUR(american) thing!
Is all the world jails and churches?
"Reverend Guy Pope, the school’s chairman, told the New Journal: “I think parents are not looking out for the best interests of their children. "

Good thing they have a chairman that is equipped to make those determinations for someone else's children.
[deleted]
Neat! Do they have to goose step in time with each other too? Perhaps a well timed Bellamy salute to the principle on their way by as well? 
How is this even physically possible while wearing a backpack?
&gt;Pupils at St George the Martyr Primary School in Holborn have been told they must adopt the pose – known as the “University Walk” – when walking down corridors.

#

&gt;It follows an order from new executive headteacher Angela Abrahams who says the rules will strengthen pupil safety, raise their aspirations and maximise learning time.

#

&gt;Ms Abrahams said the school has seen a 93 per cent reduction in the number of recorded incidents since the walk was introduced.

&gt;“Our recently introduced ‘University Walk’ inspires children to be the best they can be and to ‘go shine in the world’ (the school’s motto),” said Ms Abrahams. “It was introduced to strengthen pupil safety, further raise the aspirations of pupils and to maximise learning time. Staff report that they appreciate the impact it has had on learning time and pupils continue to be very happy and excited about learning.”

&gt;Reverend Guy Pope, the school’s chairman, told the New Journal: “I think parents are not looking out for the best interests of their children. It (the rule) is helping to make sure children arrive in class in the best possible frame of mind for learning, in a calm and ordered manner.”
And if they need to hold something? This is taking your power a bit too far.  Encourage it, but children shouldn't be punished for declining. 

I remember I had a teacher that would dictate how we walk. If you dragged your feet or tripped over yourself, you'd get written up. Bunch of control freaks basically. 
But what if they need to carry their books or something?
Makes it easier to handcuff 'em.
"Kids Oppressed At The Martyr School"
This sounds like the kind of shit I'd do if I had control over a couple of hundred people 
So introducing the "prison shuffle" to middle school kids makes the administration's job easier. Who knew.  There are no new ideas under the sun - especially not bad ones.
If a kid drops something...
Sounds like a perp walk to me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3AxyrO7AfM

Big Brother is watching, and he is very proud.
British schools are sick, what kind of lunatic thought this rule up?
When I was in primary school it was actually against the rules to walk with your hands behind your back. They added that rule because kids are uncoordinated as fuck and one of them managed to trip while walking in a line and pierced the head of the student in front of them with their teeth.
Um...I feel weird because this was pretty common in most north Texas school systems I was in. I only ever saw it used on Pre-k (which is 4ish year olds) and some times Kindergarten (which is 5 year olds).

It was always used as a way to keep them from messing with everything around them, like pulling art work off the walls, or picking at each other because little kids are generally bastards without intending to be. It also helps teach really young kids who have probably never had to line up for things how to do so politely. 
Kind of silly for older students, but in my kids school from JK and SK, they have a little saying which goes "Hands on our hips and fingers on our lips, now we know were ready for a trip". It works really well for them staying quiet and walking in an orderly line which is important so the teachers can keep track of the little ones with relative.quiet while moving from class to the library or gym.
Unpopular opinion: I support this for the same reason I support kids being allowed to play rough games during recess; it makes them tough.

I'm against pussification. This isn't pussification, in fact its the opposite. This is discipline, etiquette and manners. This is good. This should be in America. Kids should show up to school in a uniform, learn how to tie a tie, do chores, be respectful to old people, all in addition to the usual kid stuff. Obviously balance formality and seriousness with the reality that these are children but we infantalize people too much in our country. Having kids walk with their chins up and their hands neatly behind their back is not the same as suspending kids for using imaginary bow and arrows.

Part of the reason I believe this is because of my English Dad's stories about boarding school in England (which sounded like hell) and part of this is based on something a driver instructor once told me. He told me that there used to be no required driving lessons for getting your liscence, your parents would just teach you to drive. But it turned out everyone was teaching their kid to drive like an asshole so we started requiring driving lessons to normalize things.

The brutal reality is that Americans suck at raising families. Everyone thinks their family is normal and healthy but their fucking their kids up and raising selfish, rude little shits who can't suffer in silence or stand without slouching like a slob.
"Oh. My. God. They are telling them what to do with their *hands*? What has the world come to? It's not like 5 year olds are high energy beings that respond well to structured repetition. These educators are NAZIS, NAZIS I say!"
I personally think its a great idea. Body language changes behavior. Hands behind your back, chest open increases self esteem and pride IMO. 
