I really want to travel there, put up a pirate flag and leave a bottle of rum. 
What if soliders of both country are in the island at the same time? what happen? 
As a Canadian I see only one way to resolve this. 

1. Create a trophy that is symbolic of ownership.

2. Every couple of years hold a best of 3 hockey tournament. 

3. Winner owns the island until next tournament. Can enjoy beach front property.

BONUS POINTS: Trophy should be made out of a rock from the island.

EDIT:

Since we all feel strongly about getting this problem sorted I have started a petition Canada side sent to Stéphane Dion our new Canadian Foriegn Minister. Please sign it/tweet it/share it.

https://www.change.org/p/stephane-stéphane-dion-the-peacefull-settlement-between-denmark-and-canada-over-ownership-of-hans-island/share_for_starters?just_created=true

I would appreciate if one of our Danish brothers/sisters could start one your end.

EDIT 2:

We have a proposed name for the cup. Hans Rock Cup. It will be a rock carved to look like a cup. Better yet if we can find a cup shape rock no one needs to have to carve the thing.

EDIT 3: Rolling Edit

Some suggestions for conditions and rules have been proposed. Some concerns have also been raised. I shall list them below as they come in.

/u/-ugly- : Has offered services to carve Hans Cup Rock. Will have a design competition before the build.

/u/alexrng : **Proposed Rule** Losing country gets to chose sport for next contest.

Some Users : **Oil/Mineral Rights** No one wants to drill that far north so money to have been spent wrecking things up there now to be spent on green energy projects.

Ministry of Foreign Affairs : They have been informed of the petition http://i.imgur.com/TW8G0Dc.png

NOW IS NOT TIME TO BE IDLE. LETS SEE SOME CHANGE!!!


I think this is pretty cool.

I say they just leave it how it is, not let it actually affect real negotiations, keep it going for fun and occasionally bring it up in international talks to lighten the mood.
Great that they use a picture of WWII era tanks when stating that the russian military are doing arctic military exercises. 
Wes Andersen should make a movie about this.
Give it to me and a new country will born: Canamark.
I will take a boat there and leave a big Mac meal with a strawberry shake.
Humon made a comic about it some time ago.
http://satwcomic.com/epic-battle
One proposal is to split the island down the middle, creating what would be a second land border for both countries. 
That's the most Canadian/Danish thing I've heard all day.
As a Canadian, this is truly one of our nation's darkest and most bitter disputes. If a Danish guy bumped into me at the bar, I wouldn't even say "Sorry."

At least not right away, anyway.
[Free Hans Island from Canadian oppression!](http://freehansisland.com/) 
That's what I'd call a civil war.
It's like two designated drivers arguing who should pay the tab when they only ordered free refill soft drinks.
***This*** is as bad as it should get.  This should be war.
Fun fact: Whisky is Canadian as well as Scottish.  Whiskey on the other hand is American and Irish.
http://i.imgur.com/tfrhNvV.png?1
I like the picture they put in there which shows russian tanks "exercising" in the artic. I'm pretty sure Russia doesn't use WW2 T-34's anymore
OP, did you happen to watch the latest [Geography Now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxhUsPBFPkU)?
I'm embarrassed to admit this.  Despite my 30 years on this planet, I never realized that Greenland was part of Denmark.  And I actually pride myself on being more familiar with geography than most people  :(

The shame weighs heavy on my shoulders...

EDIT (2 hours later):  WAIT!  I suddenly remember that when I was a kid in school, I would see on maps/globes "Greenland" with "(Denmark)" listed below it.  So at some point in time, I apparently knew there was a Greenland/Denmark connection.  Apparently I forgot all about it though, and as a kid I think I thought that Denmark was just another name for Greenland (ala Holland v. The Netherlands) - I don't think I was ever aware of the whole Kingdom of Denmark dynamic.  Also, I just bought a pack of Gingerbread Oreos while I was on my lunch break.  They're good.  Unrelated; just thought I'd share.
It's all fun and games until somebody loses an eyeland. 
[That reminds me](http://i.imgur.com/2HMPEts.jpg) I should go check to see if my Schnapps is ready.
I'm from America so sorry that this doesn't make sense to me. When do they shoot each other? Do they leave explosives in the alcohol? How are they killing each other? Do they not know how to war?
I think this is my favorite territorial dispute ever. Seriously great sense of humour from the militaries. 
This is hilarious :P  
I'm Danish and I love Canada - our big brother :)

Everytime someone from the US asks me about Denmark I always tell them "We're just like Canada ^but^better"
So technically Canada and Denmark are at war?
Someone from the US should venture out there remove either flag, put down a LARGE US flag with a case of aerosol cheese and a 6 pack of coke.

*Edited to improve flag size, also adding BUDWEISER to flag pile along with suggest claymore mine to discourage removal.  Would also further include pictures of Eagle with 'Murica in bold letters along the bottom, and a trip wired jukebox that plays Stars and Stripes with Roman candle finish!

**Further edit to include PBR, McDonalds Arch Logo (because a BigMac would spoil), and a miniature train set but instead of a train, a Bald Eagle on a motorized scooter. And just for the classy fellas An overturned Walmart cart to keep them guessing.
Until they find oil in the area... 
At least I now know where I  can get free Whisky and Schnapps. 
Really Russia? We just wanted to have some fun waging a passive aggressive war with the Danes, then you come in with tanks. Not cool. 
This is the most adorable territorial dispute in history.
Well, today I learned that Canada's next closest neighbour after the USA is Greenland.  
I'm literally drinking a Tim Horton's coffee and eating a Danish while reading this. Not sure if that's at all relevant.
Canadian Whisky doesn't have an "e"
Canada should leave a jar of homemade maple syrup. That shit is the bomb and I'd kill my fellow serviceman to get at it.
A thousand years ago, the Danish would've handled this very differently. 
*Capture the Flag! *
That is the slowest and longest game of Capture the Flag, ever.
If only the rest of the world would follow this example in how to fight over something :D
War. War never changes.
This is the most polite international dispute I've heard of. 

Actually... I wonder if it could be possible to found a new nation there. You know, rent it from Canada and Denmark and make a tax haven or something.
So it's like a poking war on facebook, only with a complimentary bottle of liquor with every poke. 
[Problem solved.](https://i.imgur.com/x2qTgjx.jpg)
Merica should swoop in there and build a Walmart.
This is my new favorite reddit post.
I told my friend about this. She's half Danish, half Canadian, and her last name is Hansen. She says "does that make the island mine?"
"The island is a mere 1.3sq km, uninhabited, devoid of trees and with barely any soil."
So... It's an arctic rock, upon which they put whiskey. They're making whiskey on the rocks. TIL
as an American this is cute as hell
Someone needs to make some Black Adder type comedy series about this. Two armies, not at war, stealing flags and leaving booze. I'd watch.
*halo announcer voice*

Capture the flag!
So what you're saying is...if I move to this barren, uninhabited island, I can occasionally get a free bottle of liquor? 

Sounds worth it to me!


Jesus what does it take to live there. Nobody around for miles except occasionally people stop by and drop off some hooch. Sign me the fuck up!
Remember when two countries would slaughter each other over an island? Pepperidge farm remembers. 
Hans Island belongs to Denmark! End of question!
The great war.
This is how every territory war should be fought
...This is by far one the most Canadian thing I have even read.
I'm danish and I had no clue this is going on! Quite surprised to be honest. But it does seem like it has become a game, removing the present flag, but leave whiskey or schnapps - or snaps, as we call it.
http://freehansisland.com/
Leave it to Canada to have the world's only passive-aggressive war.
When you think aboot it, the Danish are basically the Canadians of Europe Ya!

Does anyone else thing this is kind of adorable?
TIL VÅBEN BRØDRE !!! sammen vil vi drukne disse nederdrægtige siruphomoer i øllebrød. Vi vil forsvare denne, vor majestæts arktiske knold, med alle de grønlændere der kan være på den.  
We should build an outdoor hockey rink on the island and play annual games on it for control each year. I'm sure there's some decent hockey players in the Danish military. 
See America? That's how you war.
http://i.imgur.com/meAAa85.png
This territory is not disputed, it belongs to Canada. No disputation at all. 

- A Canadian 
Pretty sure this is just an elaborate booze-trading scheme.
I'm going to go up there, take down whatever flag is there and leave a bottle of Stoli and a Soviet flag, just because. 

Either that and leave a Sealand flag and... I don't know, a big bottle of alcoholic mucus? What's the national drink of Sealand?
That is simultaneously the most Canadian and most Danish thing I've ever heard.
Headline: Oil has been discovered...

US flag, Jack Daniels 
Taxpayer money at work
Hello, Dane here (on my sofa in Denmark!!), I can totally hear you, Canadians. I will have my island, but not by playing a game of hockey as we totally suck at that... hard. I propose doing something civilised - like a game of top trumps with 1980's utility vehicles every two years. i will have the Hanomag Steigverbrecher up my sleeve. Trophy could be a half side of pork. Loser will leave the island for the next 2 years and drink a gallon of melted butter in one go. 
TIL Greenland is part of Denmark
Also known as the "World's Most Polite Land Claim Dispute".
Now that is civilized warfare!
[deleted]
Modern warfare
There are lots of peaceful border disputes between friendly countries.  Just look at the [Pig War](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_War) between the US and Canada over islands in the straits between Vancouver Island and Washington.
This has got to be the most civil territorial dispute in the world.
I feel like this is the way the Canadian and Danish armies build camaraderie. 
" This 'whiskey war' was initiated in 1984, when the Danish minister for Greenland landed on the island leaving a bottle of schnapps and a sign proclaiming “Welcome to the Danish Island.”"
Does that island not look like the perfect place for an island fortress?
You take whatever bottle is there and leave a bottle of Russian vodka, see them freak out on their next visit.
Funny to see this friendly rivalry, but if this land had any value (natural resource, significant population with birthright dispute, etc) I don't think either side would be as kind.
Well, seeing as how Denmark is basically the Canada of Europe, this makes perfect sense. I'm guessing they also leave notes saying "Sorry" each time.
I picture them leaving the bottle with a hysterical laugh saying to themselves, "they will get so drunk off this they will forget to leave their flag!"
War. War never changes.
I have a strong and sudden urge to hop on a boat with an American flag and a bottle of Fireball. 
These guys must have never gotten a chance to play "Capture the Flag" as kids. Guess they never went to summer camp. Must be making up or it....
Sounds like this lsland needs some freedom. And some  good ol' Jim Beam
The Canada of Europe vs actual Canada. Who will win and does anyone actually care?
Nov. 13, 2015. 7:25AM. Canada leaves its bacon. 

Nov. 13, 2015. 7:26AM. Shooting war commences. 
Canada and Denmark quarreling?

That's got to be some of the nicest, most well-mannered arguing ever lmao
I'm not your buddy, guy!

Jeg er ikke din fyr , ven !
(crappy translation via Google)
This put a smile on my face today.  If only USA was fun like that and could leave a bottle of bourbon.  Now I want some liquor.
I feel like Denmark is the Canada of Europe. 
The last time this dispute flared up, I wrote mildly threatening emails to the Danish ministers of foreign affairs, the military and the Prime Minster, telling them to back off.

I never heard back, but now I'm probably on a list.
Wait until oil is discovered on that island, some sternly written letters will follow.
Japan and China ought to take a lesson from this...
I wonder what would happen if I watched the island and took whichever bottle came up next along with the flags of both countries and left some Jack Daniels and an American Flag.
TIL i can get free liquor in the Arctic 
Truly, a gentleman's war.
Canada stole that land from the natives fair and square. The nerve of Denmark to go into another country and...oh nevermind.
This is how all disputes should be settled.. Buying rounds of drinks for each other until you forget what the issue really is about
This has got to be the kindest territorial dispute I've ever heard of.
Most polite war in history.
Aka the friendliest, most boring border dispute ever
What if they divided the island in two, put a table and chairs on the center line and sat down and drank each others alcohol. That would be crazy 
This is the cutest international dispute ever. 
Aren't the Danish basically just the Canadians of Europe anyway? That's what South Park taught me. 
TIL: Greenland is a part of the Kingdom of Denmark.  
The thumbnail looks like a cooked steak.
War is hell. On the liver.
This just seems like a waste of tax dollars. Thank God I live in the US, where we never spend money we don't need to.....oh shit wait
At this point both counties are just having fun.
They should up the ante each time.  Starts with just a bottle and before you know it there is a picnic laid out for the next patron.  
It's all fun and games until they discover a MASSIVE oil deposit on the island.  Then it's blood.
This is the passive aggresive shit I do to my roommates.
How about we get it Monday, Wednesday, Friday. You guys get it Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. We split Sundays
Sounds like they've exchanged a few shots.  
America and Jack Daniels has entered the game.. /s
I imagine this being the reason behind WW3.
Most adorable border dispute in the world

This is the friendliest dispute I've ever heard of.

What happens when they find oil under this island? 
Most polite war ever.
and of course russia is the antagonist once again
The Indian and Chinese armies also share a similar tradition on the unmanned parts of the Himalayan ranges which lie on the border of the 2 countries. But they leave boxes of sweets and bullets instead of alcohol. My dad was in the army and on one such expedition they found first aid kits under the Chinese flag. 
Even taking the hatred between Denmark and Canada into account, the way this problem gets disputed in a relatively peaceful manner despite having some kind of involvement by the military is something that humanity has to draw a lesson from. Imagine if every army took into consideration the interests of their opponent, the unencessity of a conflict between them, the benefits of maintaining peace, and how resolving it with a present worth $500 of alcohol products is better than resolving it with a $5 million militarized operation. 
I feel like could just draw a border line down the middle of it and each claim ownership half.

Bonus points if they each claim the half facing the other country.
The violence needs to stop.
If it were India and Pakistan, there'd be fucking blood everywhere, body parts, land mines, idiots shouting religious nonsense at one another, children wondering what the fuck, explosions, fires, and the sky would be black. 

Source: I'm Indian. 
This war will never end because there is free booze involved for the soldiers of both countries.
THIS IS AN INFRINGEMENT ON MY FREE SPEECH 

GIVE ME A SAFE SPACE
War in Canada. Politely remove what u don't want and leave the enemy a present.
I wish Korea and Japan would do the same with the [Liancourt Rocks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liancourt_Rocks_dispute).  Instead of schnapps and whiskey, they could exchange soju and sake.
&gt; Fortunately, despite the strong rhetoric, both sides maintain a sense of humour on the issue. As successive Danish and Canadian landings on the island erect and dismantle flag poles and markers, they leave presents for the next contingent.

Typical Canadians
This sounds like a great way to spend tax dollars.
"We're not your buddies guys!"
Leave it to the Canadians to come up with the most passive aggressive war act in history
So if somebody was to be born there, would they be a dual citizen?
I'm just going to leave this here...

http://satwcomic.com/epic-battle
Two countries fighting over an uninhabited rock covered in bird shit. Sounds like Dokdo (Korea v. Japan) all over again.
This is probably the best thing I learned all year.
&gt; Both Denmark and Canada are part of NATO, so the likelihood of violence erupting over Hans Island is negligible.

This is unacceptable. I propose friendly giant robot fights for symbolic "ownership" of the island held four times a year.
The world can learn something from this.
War is hell
War... War never changes.
/u/TrumdiTehViking made some conceptual flags for this island a few months back in /r/vexillology. They're a cross between the Canadian and Greenland flags, found [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/3drk6g/hans_island_flag_concepts/)
I'm a Canadian, I wasn't aware of this. Denmark is probably my favourite part of Scandinavia. I'd like to put aside some money and travel the region again, more thoroughly this time. That's hard to do as a starving student, but I'll find a way.
Found the perfect place to dump the Kardashian clan.
Most epic game of capture the flag ever!!
Sounds like this island could use some freedom. 
If only China/Japan/Korea/Russia can do the same with their disputed islands. 
I say split it down the middle! Canada has the U.S., Denmark has Germany, we both need somebody else to share a border with!  

Also, as a Canadian, I nominate Justin Bieber to work the border station on Hans Island, as a lifetime position.
Well, that's just cute.
So it's the real world equivalent of capture the flag
The politest "war" ever.
TIL the Danish own Greenland.
Greenland is a part of Denmark?!
Canadian conflict at its finest.
The most Canadian border crisis ever.
That's why war, war never changes
Now that's a good war.
Would be great if both armies arrived at the same time and just kept yanking out eachother's flag cause its not worth a blood conflict.
TIL Greenland is part of Denmark
I want to travel there and claim it for Ireland. We never get to claim anything. Well, since we stopped claiming Northern Ireland. I'll leave a sign saying 'Failte' and a pint of Guiness. 
I wonder how pissed they are gonna be when I go there and put up the British flag and leave some tea.
We (Denmark) are totally winning that conflict, our enemies have yielded to trade whiskey for schnapps. We are totally at the winning end here.

... Those terms are pretty much worse then the treaty of versailles.
How does the Canadian military get there? I'm pretty sure horses can't swim across oceans. 
TIL where I'm going to go to get free booze.
Man.

Canada wars are weird.
I want to put the Mexican flag with a bottle of tequila and Sombrero hats.
This is DLC for the new Total War: Canada edition
It's so much nicer hearing about governments showing traits of humanity instead of refusing to break character from they're usual routine of foisting shocking new evils upon us on a weekly basis. 
I thought an island has to be naturally inhabitable before you could claim it. Hans doesn't sound like it is.
The most polite war in history?
Thumbnail looks like a plate of shitty meat. 
As an American, I'm tempted to take a trip out to the island and leave the Stars and Stripes, a bottle of bourbon, and [this image](http://skift.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/Screen-Shot-2014-01-16-at-2.52.51-PM.png) of Stephen Colbert eating a hotdog and flipping you off. 
I like to see it as trading national alcohol for the other country's flag
Raise an Irish flag, leave the empty bottle.
TIL there is an island that looks like the Millennium Falcon
Danes and Canadians - literally the nicest people on earth... This is a cute dispute 
This has to be the longest ongoing game of capture the flag in history.
How canadanish...
And when the Canadians leave the bottle of whiskey, they also leave a note saying "sorry"
Each country's Ministers of Defense should both meet on the island once a year and play Rock, Scissors, Paper for it.  Winner gets to fly the flag for the year.
Canadian Warfare at its finest.

If there is oil in the island, both the Canadians and Danes are losing it
Unreal tournament 'Country edition'
that's as much as a conflict as getting a handjob from your SO fully clothed and with half a boner... both of you will eventually stop in the middle of the business and stop, then review life decisions leading up to this.
anyone country that gets angry and warlike over an island this fucking size has no place in the modern world. well done denmark and canada for simply being rational in a world full of dickhead, paranoid warmongers.
ITT: Canadians playing up to their stereotypes. 
The Hans Island dispute has been settled. Both countries have agreed to administer joint control of it.
Scientology realized a while ago that few things in the country are more powerful than frivolous litigation. 
&gt;In 1997, two years after the Scott case, CBS News aired a 60 Minutes special on the case.Amongst other things, it discovered that a signatory who had responsible for one of the most damaging affidavits against CAN had renounced his testimony. 60 Minutes also reported that a private investigator could find no evidence regarding CAN's alleged use of deprogrammers. Given this evidence sociologist Stephen Kent concludes that the case against CAN was "weak".

A little too late to realize the truth at this point.
Scientology is very sue happy, has literally killed people, and has no qualms about destroying everything about your reputation wherever you live if you say one word against them.

They have prisons for their members on US soil.

They are possibly the most dangerous cult in recent history.  At least most of the others only killed themselves.
But if you pay into it long enough, you eventually get the, "Jump Up and Down on Oprah's Couch" achievement.

Worth it.
I took a few sociology classes in college and in one of them we discussed cults. There were certain characteristics a group had to have to fit the criteria to be called a cult. Scientology had them all, though it's been 20 years since I studied this and can no longer list them for you. I wrote a paper on the group and found it baffling that anyone could see it as anything other than a cult-- a very dangerous one-- and I think they've become even more bonkers since then. 
I hate them so fucking much...
How could suing a group into bankruptcy over things they said not count as the government infringing on the first amendment?
How do we get scientology to hate Comcast?
I wonder if there are any Scientologist Redditors. 
I got a job at the University of Munich for which I have to sign a whole page detailing why I cannot be a member of scientology and work in public institution in Bavaria/Germany.
I was sent to a "drug rehab" which was really just a cover for the church of scientology. they get all these lost x broken ppl and brainwash them. it's sick
Why is it expensive to defend against frivolous lawsuits?  Shouldn't you be able to just arrive at court and say, "Your honor, they're being stupid."  And that's that?
Man, really doing a lot to shed that label of most dangerous cult with this one. 
Fuck, I hate those assholes.
Is Scientology as riddled with child abuse as most cults like the flds? How did they top "most dangerous" in the first place?
Why don't we start a list on reddit? 

Who wants to make /r/cultawareness a thing?

In the sidebar we can have a notice to all cult members and leaders who wish to sue: "COME AT ME BRO" 
This is why frivolous lawsuits should have a criminal penalty. 
Have no doubt that they are a cult and that they are dangerous.  Many lives each year are affected in a negative way because of scientology.
Curious if anyone here believes Scientology is really #1 most dangerous cult?

I can think of several, albeit less popular cults that have far more draconian policies on, for example, ownership of women, beating of women, indoctrination of children, beating of children, etc.

Can anyone explain why Scientology is seen as more dangerous than the 12 Tribes, certain Mormon offshoots, or Jonestown-style cults (to give a few examples)?

edit: To clarify, I am absolutely not defending Scientology. Just wondering what makes them worse than any other cult.
Check out the ["Stuff you should know"](http://www.stuffyoushouldknow.com/podcasts/how-cult-deprogramming-works/) podcast on this. Really interesting topic!! 


Just watched the "Going Clear" documentary last night. The overt disingenuousness of the COS and its titular head David Miscavage is astounding. Has anyone seen Miscavages wife? Apparently she's "disappeared".
Say what you will about Scientology..

But their legal warfare tactics are savage.
How is this even legal?
Scientology IS a cult. They should be counter-sued for frivolous lawsuits.
This can all be solved by one thing:  separation of church and state.  Tax them as a for-profit entity, force them to show their books and disclose their membership (basically just like any other private company).

These places succeed because they're able to operate in secrecy which permits a remarkable amount of impunity.

People can sign up to join whatever club they want; that's freedom of religion, but permitting them to act as though they're ACTUALLY ordained by some deity is ridiculous, and allows harmful elements to propagate themselves in our society.



Would it be possible for Reddit to take down Scientology. 
Not a terrible loss actually since the cult awareness network was pretty horrible themselves. Parents payed them to kidnap children, who they would torture, beat, starve, deprive of sleep, and use other techniques to try to basically counter brainwash them. And it wasn't always cults, they tried to deprogram a woman for being a lesbian and many others for joining sects of Christianity that their parents didn't agree with. The only reason Scientology was able to bankrupt them was by riding on the back of, and supporting a lawsuit of someone who was kidnapped and imprisoned by the Cult Awareness Network. 
Lawful Evil.
Why is this sort of nonsense allowed?
This is absolutely terrifying to me that any religion bathed in gold can do stuff like this.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large numbers. 
Even the F.B.I. won't mess with Scientology. How many members of the F.B.I. are Scientologists? How many members of the F.B.I. operate under the fear of personal blackmail from Scientology? The infiltration of Scientologists into positions of influence within the federal government could be a scandal that will never be investigated. I realize that it is not illegal for a Scientologist to be hired by the federal government, but if evidence can be produced that Scientologists are using their government positions to protect Scientology, and blackmail or brainwash other federal employees, than this is a story that needs to be exposed.
We should stop calling them "the Church". It's like calling North Korea "a democracy", just because they've elected to include it in their title, doesn't mean we need honour it.

We should call them what they are, a cult. Nothing more, nothing less. They deserve no better.
Thereby proving that they really are the #1 most dangerous cult.

Scientology needs to be made illegal and its ringleaders jailed. 
Aaaaaaaaaaand Tom Cruise, R Kelly, and John Travolta are STILL  in the closet.
After suing /u/tiptoptap35 into bankruptcy, the Church bought the account and started posting as tiptoptap36
Scientology is a cult
That's some OB1 Kenobi shit. By killing them they made them stronger than they could ever imagine...
So has scientology been getting stronger, weaker, or stayed the same since they got publicly humiliated? 
What criteria are they using when distinguishing between a "religion" and a "cult?" The line seems awfully blurred.
Scientology did the same thing with the IRS, forcing them to give them non-profit status, and essentially making them a church. If there is a more twisted, evil organization, I can't think of who it is. Hubbard was a con-man, plain and simple but was smart enough to couch his BS in a "religion". That and fleecing their gullible believers of all their money to grow within the church. Sad, sad story.
proving that they are in fact the most dangerous cult
If your belief in something is so fragile that you're forced to silence any dissent, then your faith is probably a byproduct of insecurity rather than a need for spirituality.

Oh shit, they just sent me a subpoena. 
pls dont call them a church
They ARE a cult and I'm speaking from personal experience. Forced into that shit as a kid and it took me 20 years and ALOT of helpful/pro-bono lawyers and judges just to get them to stop stalking me. Restraining orders were my best friend for a while.

If anyone here IS currently a scientologist, please know that the founder of your church based this "religion" ON HIS OWN SCIENCE FICTION NOVELS. He also followed Aliesters Crowleys teachings and was quoted MORE THAN ONCE saying the only thing you have to do to gain wealth and power, is START YOUR OWN RELIGION. 

People will follow ANYTHING. Don't let them ruin your life they way they ruined mine. Save your money and the energy of belief for yourselves. Don't waste it on evil alien ghosts and a giant space squid pretending to be Cthullu. 'Cause that's EXACTLY what your doing if you are a practicing scientologist.
I want to watch "Going Clear". How do I watch it online?
Dude Scientology is so fucking [REDACTED]
Maybe the people paying money to be a part of Scientology and getting ripped off deserve it for being so fucking stupid
How the fuck is this legal
To be fair, the CAN wasn't just an awareness group... they kidnapped people for a large fee. And the $1,000,000 settlement wasn't for an ex-Scientologist, but for an ex-Pentecostalist... although a Scientologist lawyer took up the case.

&gt;To facilitate the deprogramming, Ross put together a two-man "security team". The three traveled to the grandmother's home, locked the two youngest children in the basement, and following several days of argument and lecturing, the boys gave up their Pentecostal beliefs. For deprogramming Jason, Ross demanded a larger fee, in view of the fact that he was powerfully built and legally an adult, increasing the risk of prosecution. Ross hired a karate black belt named Clark Rotroff to help with the operation. One evening, as Scott returned to the family residence, he was surprised by Ross's three associates, wrestled to the ground, and dragged into a waiting van.

&gt; Scott struggled, but was held down and handcuffed by the three men, gagged with duct tape from ear to ear, and had his ankles tied with rope. As he lay face down and with his cuffed hands beneath his body, one of the men, weighing 300 pounds, sat on top of his back. Scott's legs, upper body and back had sustained multiple bruises and abrasions from being dragged to the van across stairs, floors and a patio

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Scott_case
Scientology is the only religion I would actively condone persecution of.
Scientology has people in the highest levels of local, state and federal governments. US attorneys went after them but was stopped by judges in Scientology's pocket .  THEY ALSO HAVE BILLION$ That cult has a lot of pull
$cientology = Gangsters and gangsterism.
The funny thing about Ron Hubbard (founder of Scientology) is that even his own son claims he is a fraud and mentally unstable. He was a science fiction writer who wanted to be treated as a god, therefor he created a new god that revolved around himself for others to worship. 

The whole thing uses basic manipulation techniques. First they tell you that the church is there to help you live your life more fully and make life easier for you. This is the hook, it makes you interested and more open minded. Second they show you something like [this](http://www.scientologyhandbook.org/#) where the church teaches you life skills. 

These are basic skills that you can learn at any seminar or community college class, it is just basic organization skills, how to deal with stress etc. You succeed using these already well known techniques but instead of thanking yourself, the church takes all the credit. They say that *they* did this for and to you. It was because of *them*, not you.  

They tell you if you stay with them you will continue to succeed. You now rely on this church for success even though your success was by using skills not unique to the church's teachings. You start believing everything, well most things they say, because you saw an impact on your life, you crave more success. 

They then tell you if you want to continue to succeed you have to join the church, which by the way costs money. You then start giving away all of your cash in order to go to audits or buy the necessary materials to learn and understand their sessions, falling deeper into the scam. These by the way [aren't cheap](http://www.amazon.com/Dianetics-Science-Handbook-Dianetic-Therapy/dp/B0007EH8FO/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1447102538&amp;sr=8-6&amp;keywords=Dianetics). 

They tell you that if you join the church they can take away your pain through "auditing" and get rid of any bad feelings or experiences that you may have, even though this is all just the placebo effect. You think that you are getting away from your pain when in all reality you are giving away your money to sit in a quiet room, holding two pieces of metal in order to feel better. Auditing sessions cost between 500-3,000 dollars per "level" that you achieve. The prices are always changing. This auditing is a must for being a Scientologist.  

Through making your life improve in one small, basic way, taking credit for your success and then implementing the placebo effect the church convinces you to hand over your cash. On a Scientology myths website I came across this quote: "The insignificant amount you may pay to buy a copy of Dianetics, or **couple hundred you spend for introductory auditing** adds up to greatly impact lives the world over"[http://www.scientologymyths.info/scientology/how-much-money-does-it-cost-to-be-a-scientologist.php].

A couple hundred for auditing? That seems scammy to me. 

I will admit I am spiritual/religious and I have been going to church periodically since I was 7. I never had to pay a dime. I went to confession, youth groups, fun activities, events, breakfasts, private talks with the priests and baptisms/first communions for free. A lot of times if you wanted a bible and couldn't afford to buy one from the store for yourself they would just give you one for free. The way our church in my local community was built was through charitable donations throughout the entire community. Until it was built we did our masses in a school gym and it still didn't cost anything, they never asks us to donate, there was just a little jar in the back of the gym with a pamphlet, that is it. Churches should never have a charge to "try and make your life better". It is such a scam. 


Judges who humor this kind of shit instead of tossing it as frivolous ought to be strung up.
Scientology, Monsanto, and Comcast: the true axis of evil.
[Where has my county gone?](http://southpark.cc.com/clips/7c1pxv/country-gone#source=ff4daa77-43e0-4601-8fd6-21ea1daf9c19&amp;position=82&amp;sort=airdate)
And this is why you make anonymous corporations and post via TOR.

Makes civil suits impossible to serve.
i have a crush on the scientology girl that hands out free personality tests on the corner by where i work
Scientology is a joke.
Fuck scientology. Anyone who falls for this nonesense is not too bright and belongs on my darwinism list
They are downright scary. All religions should be taxed.
They really owned being called dangerous there didn't they?
This is how Westboro Baptist Church does things, only on a smaller scale and much more annoying.
Holy fuck sticks. That is evil.
Looks like Scientology proved them right...
In Canada, scientology is court ruled, so legally a cult. 
It's crazy to me that people are forced to spend money to defend themselves in court no matter what.
These CAN guys were pretty frightening too, really into "deprogramming," which include, "kidnapping, false imprisonment, and coercion."
Everyone take a note from their playbook....unless we make laws that protect people they will use the laws to protect their interest....this has happened on all facets of American life, its not just the scientologists its the corporations, the universities, the police, the politicians...
TIL the Cult Awareness Network is ran by a cult. 
That wikipedia article is bleeding pro-Scientology bias everywhere.
I remember the Cult Awareness Network!   They put out these pamphlet things.   Amway was on there and my good friend's dad was going down the rabbit-hole with Amway at the time.
I wonder why no one has made a new one.
Are cults illegal? Seems like a slippery slope to prosecute them since they usually claim to be just another religion. Just thinking out loud, how are large cults usually dealt with from a legal perspective?
That's some real super villain kind of shit. 
They're a cult, cult, cult, culty-cult cult. 
10/10 would NOT fuck with...
Yup that's a common Scientology tactic.
The irony.

The cult they claimed was the most dangerous proved itself to be just that by bankrupting the company.


If you say something that scientology doesn't like, they will destroy your life.
Classic America 
Just another reason scientology is one of the worst cults in US history. As if it wasn't bad enough the promotion of stalking and harassment to those who speak out isn't bad enough.
TIL you can find a new link to the same old information and make the front page every single week.
Gotta admit, they have a lot of skill at running the corporation that is Scientology.
Carbon copy claims are nothing new or heinous. Not commenting on the propriety of suing everyone who insults you, just that this particular point really adds nothing to the post.
that didn't exactly disprove anything.
Scientology: the whiny rich man's religion.
well i hope the upvotes were worth the thousands of lawsuits coming your way. 

/s well i hope /s anyways
how exactly does Scientology have so much money anyway?
So the cult awareness network went from "Be aware of these dangerous cults!"  to "Hey, are you aware of these great cults you can join". 
TIL there's such a thing as The Cult Awareness Network.
"We're going to show how docile we are by suing you to death!"
What was their claim? That they were only the second most dangerous cult and the Cult Awareness Network got it wrong?
That's badass in a fucked up way.
I think Westboro Baptist should go after then, the clash would be epic.
This place is scary.  

https://carm.org/ihop 

I'm sure there's worse but living so close is too close. 
What fucking assholes
I have an excellent work around for this, force all churches to **PAY TAXES**
So how can we make them hate Comcast? 
Serious question : if some adult willingly wants to join scientology, what business is it of mine?

Not talking coercion or other underage nefarious stuff 
Here. Watch this: https://youtu.be/eeeOgjTOADU
Scientologists are experts in The Prince tactics.  Pay attention people. These tactics are what people in any power situation use.

We have to be, far, far smarter to beat them.
One of these days these guys will reach critical mass and society will purge em. It'll be the only time doing this will be justified.
Never underestimate the power of money.
If this ain't a cult then I don't know what is. Poor Tom Cruise must be in DEEP!!!
Repost of a repost of a repost....but the thing is it keeps hitting the top. I am convinced that 90% of Reddit has ADHD...... At least the people that reside outside of France.
Can someone post a ' how to create your own cult in 12 steps' i wanne start a ' fuck you world leave me allone ' cult that will get all the worlds money and then destroy it all so we can be free, ofcourse the catch is I will keep all the money and rule the world but yeah minor details,  anyway pls help me get the legal side and money grabbing,  i'll do the rest
Hey guys, can I have the repost karma for this next time?
["Xenu welcomes you!"](http://store.iam8bit.com/collections/postcards-from-space/products/teegeeack-by-kelly-marie-moore-postcard)

^((from an artist friend in L.A. - she designed this)^)
Let's start a cult awareness network subreddit! 
Can't the the top cult of their list just sue them and win through precedent? Like a never ending cycle of law suits?
Anonymous needs to turn its attention to Scientology. 
Do people in Scientology really believe the Xenu story or is that just propaganda/misinformation that the internet ran with?  A huge amount of the videos about Scientologists I've seen show them denying that the story is a serious part of the cult and that while L. Ron Hubbard did write the story, nobody really believes it as a part of the core teachings.  Is that just something they say to make themselves look good?

It's not any more rational with or without the Xenu story but this always made me kind of confused.
Scientology is a cult, multilevel marketing scam and bribery machinery all rolled into one. Multiple nations have banned them. When will the USA grow a pair and do the same?
So does Reddit. Will they sue Reddit?
This is one repost I fully support posting every few weeks.  Fucking unbelievable shit, and where the hell is Miscavaige's wife???
The Cult Awareness Network was its own scam. 
Why doesn't someone just kill the people in charge of scientology? People commit mass murders all the time... someone should do it to people that deserve it for once.
Anyone want to start a true successor to the REAL Cult Awareness Network? I'll do the slacktivist thing and 'like' your FB page.
what's the difference between a cult and a religion anyway? 
Religion mimics evolution in a way, with survival of the fittest or cultishness.  Less authoritarian religions die out and people eventually convert to something more pushy.  When Hubbard invented the religion he knew what made Religion survive and he created one hell of a beast.   
If we could just get the Mormons to declare holy war on Scientology. Kill 2 cults with 1 jihad.
One of the events I can see happening this century is a worldwide stand up against cults and afterwards we will have greater cult awareness just like Nazism is now condemned in Germany.
TIL the cult awareness network was right 
Bankrupting the CAN is probably the only positive thing the Church of Scientology has ever done.
I am no Scientology fan, but all religions do start as "cults" (small, few members) To be fair, they are far from "the most dangerous" cult. Consider the past with Jim Jones, or Heavens Gate for example.
     _______           _______  _                   _ 
    (  ____ \|\     /|(  ____ \| \    /\  |\     /|( )
    | (    \/| )   ( || (    \/|  \  / /  | )   ( || |
    | (__    | |   | || |      |  (_/ /   | |   | || |
    |  __)   | |   | || |      |   _ (    | |   | || |
    | (      | |   | || |      |  ( \ \   | |   | |(_)
    | )      | (___) || (____/\|  /  \ \  | (___) | _ 
    |/       (_______)(_______/|_/    \/  (_______)(_)

k, but to be fair, the original Cult Awareness Network also kidnapped people and at times tortured them until they renounced their cult, which sometimes wasn't so much of a cult as it was an Evangelical Christian church....

I don't think either group was particularly noble in this case.
America is fucked up.
You know, it may be a ridiculous religious cult, but no one has to join. The children who are forced to join from birth and youth are at the same mercy of their parents as the youth of the Catholic Church.
Anybody else not surprised?
That's rich of them.
Woah... 
aahh, co-opting a movement, old Catholic technique.
Cults with lots of money, doesn't get any more dangerous then that.
Did they still list them self as the most dangerous?  
Mike Farrell of MASH fame was hounded by them. Called pretending people he knew had just died, basically trolling him. He was on the board of CAN. 
Oh good god.
It worries me that there isnt a global Cult Monitoring committee or something, and that they all go unchecked.
Could someone stand up to the Scientologists by registering their site privately in foreign countries, like some of the torrent sites do? Play whack-a-mole, moving to the next country with their domain name, each time the Scientologist's lawyers find them?
I find this fucking hilarious and I can't even explain why.

Oh Scientology, never change. Or do, cuz that'd be good too.
how can a cult sue Cult Awareness Network into bankruptcy? What would the changes be and why would a judge side with Scientology in the case? Because Scientology 'by the books' isn't filed as a cult?
u/Throwawaylikeme90
Do scientologists realise what they are and what kind of organisation they are part of?

Why isn't the government,  any government doing anything to stop this?  They are a major disaster waiting to happen and are blatantly flaunting the law on a daily basis. 


I wish the originals had been able to pull some sort of Michael Scott Paper company, and just keep creating another network after another. 
Wait, the article says that their bankruptcy was largely the result of a single court case, where the CAN was ordered to pay $1 million in damages for kidnapping a man!  

It sounds like the CAN was almost a cult unto itself.
So if everyone in America filed a lawsuit against the cult of scientology, we could cause them to collapse or at the very least hard damage to their bottom business line?
Lol, we have money boom boom pow.
Stuff You Should Know?
What about the cult of personality?
Bu
That's straight up gangster.
I learned this on the, Stuff You Should Know podcast about a week ago.
Clearly we need to have everyone in the world, each file their own lawsuit against scientology for harm against society. 
"TIL that Individual non-instrumental Reason concluded Edward Bernays as the #1 most dangerous educator. Over a million practitioners used their talents, many using the same mental techniques and practices. After defeating their opposition, by creating peer on peer conflict, the practitioners invested even more in these techniques."

I can never match their artistic talents nor their extreme 1% worshiping.  You rewrite if it I did poorly...
I feel like them going so far with the lawsuit proves the case they are the most dangerous.
Scientology IS a cult - but the according to the wiki, it was a suit by a Pentacostalist - and a subsequent $1M award - that drove them into BK, not the Scientology suits.
Does anyone know if they retaliated towards South Park and their episode about Scientology? If Yelp is trying to sue them I can't even imagine what these people might do. 
To be fair this is pretty damn funny
Somebody listens to stuff you should know...
Sorry for my ignorance but what the hell is scientology? 
They talk about this in the podcast, Stuff You Should Know. Great program. Here's the link to the episode http://www.stuffyoushouldknow.com/podcasts/how-cult-deprogramming-works/
Well they certainly are a cult of personality. 
This is what happens when Saul Goodman goes full Walter White.
I just finished listening to the stuff you should know podcast on this 10 minutes ago then i saw this. Pretty good listen, its talked about in the how cult deprograming works.
TIL through wikipedia-hopping *from this story* that Harvey Milk and Mayor Moscone were supporters of The Peoples Temple aka Jim Jones and his cyanide-laced "flavor-aid"?

What the what?
This is why they probably got the "most dangerous cult"  title.  Most other cults just steal from themselves or Sleep with their children 
In other words: A small number of words in a book influences people to a massive scale.  Humm, I wonder how advertising and marketing works!

"TIL the Cult Awareness Network listed Scientology as the #1 most dangerous cult..."
I'm always shocked that they can get people to join even after being so thoroughly exposed as creeps. As long as there are enough stupid people out there to buy their BS I don't see them going anywhere unless Anonymous can step it up, seems like no other group has even slowed them down.  
oh my :/
what's the difference between a cult and religion? 
That's fucked up, Tom. 
Can someone explain to me what Scientology is? All my Google results just say it's a "religion" that involves science. But I keep reading about people being scared of it. 
It's like the Agar.io of religion.
I am one of those guys that loves to defend unpopular shit but I found the CoS completely indefensible. They are one of the most loathsome organizations in human history.
This is one of the most fucked up things I've read in a good long while.
TIL there's a Cult Awareness Network.
Scientology is dying, so don't worry. There is however a serious problem with the United States justice department. It can be easily abused.
I just can't comprehend that people actually believe in this shit.
'murica ... fucked up legal system is its biggest trademark quality
That David Miscavige is one SOB
I have a cell phone listed on the 'Do Not Call' list and still received a lot of texts from guys wanting to buy my car. Responding with "I'm on the do-not-call list, asshole" didn't stop them.

However, responding with "I'm on the do-not-call list, asshole" 50 times for every one they sent to me, did.
Such an odd situation, where its recognized that Scientology engages in brain washing of people into their cult,... but in this case Scientology convinced  dfgsd a jury in a civil suit to find the anti-cult activist fdgsdfgdfg Rick Ross liable for depriving  dfsdf an individual of his civil rights during a 'reverse brain-washing' attempt... an attempt that was requested and paid for by the plaintiff's own mother.fdgdfg
ELI5 that what they said isnt protected under the freedom of speech. A link to the legality will do just fine
Yeah, you can't say anything bad about them lest you feel their wrath. I don't think they believe in constructive criticism either...
How did this even hold up in court? 
That is truly horrifying and I'm not entirely sure how it's legal to not allow police to investigate a 911 call. 
Are they allowed to deny entry? Surely using up police time in such a way is grounds for some kind of further investigation. 
The link to the original source on Wikipedia requires a Lexisnexis login.

However in case anyone wants to see the original newspaper article which reported this about the number of calls and Scientology security's response, you can view the original article (scanned newspaper) here:

https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1356&amp;dat=19971208&amp;id=Y_JPAAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=dwgEAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=6728,5159512&amp;hl=en
At some point did no one try to get a warrant to search? 
[deleted]
As a police officer let me tell you, if someone calls 911 and reports something that indicates an individual is in danger then fuck you I am coming in.  
I grew up in Clearwater, this does not surprise me. You hear a lot of stories like this, like the one where they tried to drug the mayor and get photos of him with hookers. 
Perhaps anonymous might enjoy the task of posting a great deal of anti ISIS propaganda from Scientology accounts, then, we can see them duke it out cult style.
#PEOPLE WERE FUCKING MURDERED
When the leader of a cult (David Miscavige) can routinely push boardroom staff up against the wall and choke them because of some imagined slight, and kill his wife and cover it up as an open secret, you begin to realize what they can get away with.
Clearwater, FL on my anti-bucketlist.
Clearwater- wholly owned by scientology and it's money, born and raised in Stpete.
Um, since when can private security turn away the police?
When the police can't help you...
Scientology security acts like the police in the scientology zone.  They will try to get away with being the police and only will back down when the real police are called in.  

This number is far too high to be coincidental.  The police should bypass security and do their own investigation.   However, I wouldn't be surprised if the hotel used a phone system that didn't specify the exact room 911 was dialed from.

Have no doubts that scientology uses shady means to keep their cultists compliant.
America is weird. How can a cult have armed guards that can refuse entry to the police? 
You think Muslim's are spooky, these people actually tried to subvert our government. 

Edit: Thank you for the gold kind stranger.
Serious question - How can private security stop police from entering property like a hotel? 
they own Clearwater, for every block Scientology owns other blocks have increased property tax. eventually it'll be all hotels and scientologists if it aint already
I live in a very small rural town in Canada. I once had a person driving drunk in my area so I googled Clearwater (a small rural town in Canada) police department and gave them a shot. 

Turns out I accidentally called Clearwater, FL. They were complete fuckbags over the phone. They said they didn't have time to follow every drunk driver and then hung up on me.

What the fuck, Clearwater, FL policemen?
Who the fuck are they to tell emergency responders they can't enter? How the fuck is this legal?
How is this...  legal, I guess is what I'm looking for here.  Someone calls 911, they need help, but someone else says they don't need help.  Why not ask the person who called?  What's the thought process there?  "Gee, these cultists seem like fine people, I'll just ignore the more than 160 911 calls we've gotten in the past year, their phones must not be working correctly."  WTF.

&gt; Clearwater police are suspicious about the number of 911 calls that come from rooms at the Fort Harrison Hotel. Police respond to each call only to be told most of the time by Scientology security guards that the call was a mistake. Police are not allowed to check individual rooms where the calls originated. In the past 11 months, 161 calls to 911 were made from rooms in the hotel, but each time Scientology security guards said there was no emergency.

I guess they're "not allowed" to check the rooms, 4th amendment and all that, but wouldn't these be exigent circumstances?  Someone is literally calling for help but you can't enter because someone else says you can't?  Especially with the repeated calls (though it's possible most of those are phony, so the police can't tell the real calls from the phony ones).
I feel like after the second or third call, if I'm the cops, I ain't leaving without at least separating the caller and questioning them.
I used to lived off of Ft. Harrison Rd, a quarter mile from downtown Clearwater - I pretty much avoided that entire area of the city the whole 5-years I lived there because of the Scientologists. They're rude, strange, and just make the whole downtown atmosphere sick feeling. It gives me the heebie-jeebies just thinking about it.
Tell the ATF they're storing tons of weapons. They'll take care of it.
how do private security maintain the right the deny the police entry into an area where a 911 call was made?
In Clearwater the scientologists pretty much own the city. 90% of the security for the fort Harrison are off duty Clearwater police officers.
That is obstruction of justice...
Wait. What? Private security is allowed to bar the police? Ever? It was a 911 call. That in itself is reason to search without a warrant, isn't it? So if I simply hire a security guard for my home, can I bar the police from discovering the bodies buried in my basement too? 
Where I live in georgia (The US state to the immediate North of Florida) a person denying entry by police responding to an emergency call would be arrested. If a person even hangs up the phone of someone reporting an emergency- this is also an arrestable offense.
How is this remotely legal to do in Florida????
The UK police would not of taken this. A case of gtfo, or arrest for obstructing. 

Emergency calls will always be made sure it's all OK, regardless of whether entry is forbidden or not. 
How the hell did the private security deny access to police that are responding to a 911 call?!!??!?!
I don't know if that's a lot for a hotel. Vague. 
So, the city that Scientology practically owns has a building that was (and is) used for punishment for their Sea Org members and cops wouldn't investigate 911 calls that came from there? Fuck.

When you consider that the punishments they hand out are notoriously abusive and the "church" is based on isolating people from their families and friends, there is really no telling how many people may have died there and no one would ever know they were even gone.

That is some scary shit. 
Very relevant
the city’s police force (or, at minimum, a proportion of its officers) seem to have established a rather cozy relationship with the ambitious local cult. The relationship became so suspiciously cozy that numerous government and media figures and commentators, including former Clearwater mayor Gabe Cazares, stated that the Clearwater police force was moving dangerously close to becoming Scientology’s private security force.
Great police work.
How are these guys different from a old school mob? 
How can this even happen?

Scientology freak: "Sir, there is NO NEED to go upstairs. There is NOTHING wrong."

Cop: "Yeah ok buddy, how about I just break your legs right here and then we figure out if there was an emergency or not."
At some point don't the police have probable cause to legally enter without permission?  It seems insane that they went that long without actually looking into any of the calls...
Uhm.  What. How is 1 phone call not probable cause, let alone 161?
Koresh should have been a scientologist!
It has been told that the Clearwater police are in the scientologists' pocket. My friend was escorted to a neighboring town by them because he dressed like Jesus and wore a funny sign outside the Scientology Headquarters. 
Can't remember what the sign said, sorry. 
You can point out all the Scientology buildings and hotels in Clearwater because not a single window shade is open. 
I've been there. I fucked with their security and preached some Jesus to those poor whack-a-doos (they will not cross a street without the cross light, even if it's dead empty). Clearwater police are neck deep in Scientology money. I got detained and a pat down for saying so. The cop also shoved an old man who told them to leave me alone. And I also met John Travolta at a TCBY. The year was 2003.
The fact that their security could somehow deny the cops entry is insane. 
You would think this would give the police probable cause to go in with a warrant regardless of what security said.
YOU CAN DO THAT!?

"Sorry officer, I know that you hear screaming and see blood pouring out of the gutters of my house, but my religious beliefs say I can't let you in.  Have a nice day."
That's from corruption from inside the police department
Today is daesh, tomorrow it'll be scientology
So you can just deny police entry?  There would be a lot less angry people in this country if we just had some damn consistency!
But if your neighbor has pot, they will happily kick in your door and shoot your dog. Ahhhh, America. 
"Clearwater police...were denied entry into the hotel by Scientology security."

It's that easy? Remind me to try that the next time a cop shows up at my door. 
To play Devil's Advocate, a lot of hotel rooms require a 9 to get out followed by a 1 if it's long distance. I'm a Police Dispatcher and we get a TON of calls from Hotels and businesses with that problem. Could be (and probably is) nothing more than that.
I mean...
Tell them to fuck off?
Not surprising.  If you google Lisa Mcpherson you'll see Scientology basically killed her. She was in a car wreck and had a mental break down on scene (started taking her clothes off and mumbling).. When she was admitted to the hospital the doctor recommended her for psychiatric care.  Scientology came and took her away and stuck her in the Fort Harrison Hotel.. Locked her in a room and just gave her food, vitamins and water. THey wouldn't look her in the eye or even speak to her.  They felt this would help her break through her episode but it did not and she got worse to the point she was smearing feces on the wall and throwing up everywhere.  THey let this continue until almost death but instead of taking her to the nearest hospital they drove her 45 minutes to a Scientology doctor where she died.  The autopsy showed she was covered in roach bites.  http://www.lisamcpherson.org/ 
That's fucking scary. Also, how is that legal?
Wait... the frequency of those calls would have probable caused the hell out of the situation untill SWAT kicked int he windows... sooo WTF?
You would think that they would've taken the phones away before the torture rituals began.  
Since when do the police listen to security?
As fun as it may be to pick on Scientology, I'm skeptical. 
Those cops are fucking dumb.
Wow, so a tip to all you kidnappers out there. If your victim calls 911, all you have to do is deny the police entry. Guess they just throw their hands up and go "wadda ya gonna do?" ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
IANAL but don't the police have a legal obligation to enter and search regardless, if there was a 911 call? Otherwise every criminal would just answer a door and say "don't worry, everything is fine." Is there something I'm missing (other than that this is Scientology we're talking about and they don't play by the rules of human decency).
Anyway we can set up a tag-team cage match between Scientology security and the Papal Guard? I would PPV that fight.
Umm...police. If you get a second call please go in anyways, even if it is likely to be prank calls to screw with scientology.
Denied entry? since when can the police be denied entry for a 911 call.

How the hell does "security" tell the Police they can't come in? Religious reasons? Huh whaddyaknow I'm a Pastafarian  now.

So a strong **"NOPE"** is all I need now. Thanks.
Those incompetent, scumbag cops are bought and paid for by Scientology. The Feds need to go down there, disband the PD and arrest police officers for corruption.
The hotel also is used for the Rehabilitation Project Force (RPF), a program used to punish members of the Church of Scientology Sea Organization for "serious deviations." Members of the church in this institution are subject to prison like conditions, forced labor, and many more acts against human rights.[6] Hanna Whitefield's affidavit described the situation:

“Some of us slept on thin mattresses on the bare cement floor. Some had crude bunk beds. There was no place for clothes, so we lived out of suitcases and bags which were kept on bare floors. Some privacy was maintained by hanging sheets up between bunk beds and between floor mattresses. The women and men had separate bathrooms and toilets but they were small. We were not allowed to shower longer than 30 seconds. We had only to run through the shower and out the other end. There was no spare time for talk or relaxation. We awoke at 6:30 A.M. or earlier at times, did hard labor and heavy construction work and cleaning until late afternoon. After [a] quick shower and change of clothing, we had to audit each other and 'rehabilitate' ourselves until 10:30 P.M. or later each evening. There were no days off, four weeks a month. We ate our meals in the garage or at times in the dining rooms AFTER normal meals had ended. Our food consisted of leftovers from staff. On occasions which seemed like Christmas, we were able to prepare ourselves fresh meals if leftovers were insufficient.



-WTF .  .  . 
Just to clarify, you can have "security" insist there is no emergency? Next time I'm gonna rob a bank, I'll just have some guy be a security guard and say there is no emergency. Seems legit.
SO then the police should look at the security guards and tell them to move the fuck out of the way...the proceed to find the person who called. 
This is the closest thing we have in this world to a Hydra organization, a bunch of L.Ron Hubtards? Christ, goes to show how dangerous any group of fools can be.
I have family in Clearwater, Fl and have visited their downtown area quite a few time. It's creepy watching all the scientologists going about their day, but a nice downtown area nonetheless.
I live in Clearwater. This is of no surprise to me whatsoever. They have many many off duty police officers working their security. They pay them 30/hr. Why would the police want to jeopardize that income? 
Is there no record of what was said during these emergency calls?
How can they legally stop the police from entering the building to respond to a 911 call? Why don't the police just ignore the security guards and go to investigate?
Shoot, thought this was r/nosleep.  "My next door neighbor was a former Church of Scientology recruitment officer."
How does that not equal probable cause for a warrant?
ITT: everyone saying "but what about the police?!" not realizing that the the Clearwater Police dept is probably just an unofficial arm of the CoS.
So has this place been shutdown yet or subject to a police raid?
That's when you arrest those fuckers. 
What the fuck... Can they do that? Wouldnt that be wildly illegal?
How the fuck is it in any way legal to bar an authority like the police from investigating something? Aside from not having a warrant, should it fall under that. 
Is this really legal?
I've walked thru that area (girlfriend had an acting audition in the area) it's kinda surreal seeing so many women looking like flight attendants walking around. 
So why don't the police force entry?

Sounds like the church of scientology generously donates to the policeman's ball.

How are they above a police response???
.
I see some holes in this. How can "Scientology security" refuse police entry upon a call for emergency?
I have trouble believing this stuff. Like all the popular comments in this thread indicate, what cops are going to let themselves be denied entry?
We need more independent investigations in the states .... So much stuff like this happens, people even go missing in some cases and nothing is ever really found out...
Money buys a lot of power!
Is this the hotel where ex-members of the cult kept getting boiled alive in bathtubs because they don't have a regulator on the hot water system?
That's more than 150.
I was briefly employed at a security agency and was posted outside the "church" in Ybor. They are so strange, but were generally friendly.

I never gave them my information, yet somehow I am receiving mail from them, years later. 
That's when you raid the fuck out of the building
&gt;“Some of us slept on thin mattresses on the bare cement floor. Some had crude bunk beds. There was no place for clothes, so we lived out of suitcases and bags which were kept on bare floors. Some privacy was maintained by hanging sheets up between bunk beds and between floor mattresses. The women and men had separate bathrooms and toilets but they were small. We were not allowed to shower longer than 30 seconds. We had only to run through the shower and out the other end. There was no spare time for talk or relaxation. We awoke at 6:30 A.M. or earlier at times, did hard labor and heavy construction work and cleaning until late afternoon. After [a] quick shower and change of clothing, we had to audit each other and 'rehabilitate' ourselves until 10:30 P.M. or later each evening. There were no days off, four weeks a month. We ate our meals in the garage or at times in the dining rooms AFTER normal meals had ended. Our food consisted of leftovers from staff. On occasions which seemed like Christmas, we were able to prepare ourselves fresh meals if leftovers were insufficient.”

What would they do to enforce this stuff? Would the end result of non-cooperation be execution? 
when will a vigilante type person step up and start knocking off these whackadoodle nutjobs. like in movies where a former member is pushed to far and hunts down the top guy. 
TIL its ok to deny police entry and say there's no emergency
Try to prevent police from entering your home after a 911 call was placed and see how that goes. I call BS
I wish I could deny the police entry willy-nilly.

But I'm not a cult.
My grandfather used to run the Fort Harrison hotel, and was the final manager before the owner sold it for a fuckload of money to the Scientologists (unknowingly). I tried to go see it, and had someone tell me to go fuck off as I was looking at the place just from my car. pisses me off
All the lawyers who work for the church of scientology need to be disbarred.
And they did what they were told by the Scientology security...why?
then who was phone?!
Um, since when can private security turn away the police?
So, hypothetically, if the hooker locked in my basement were to manage to get her ropes off and call 911 before I could stop her, and then the cops showed up I can just answer the door and be like "nope, all good here, have a nice night." And that's totally legit?
Is that hotel cortez?
The Wikipedia entry doesn't say if they were hang up calls or if the callers asked the dispatcher to send help. Just speaking for myself, I can't form an opinion about this unless I know that.
Is there no record of what was said during these emergency calls?
It was probably [Michelle Miscavige](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michele_Miscavige) trying to escape from her torturers.
There's a really good documentary on Scientology atm on Netflix, for those interested. 
It's pretty astounding that a private security team could tell the police to do anything.
solution: merc teams from non-extradition countries. sad state of affairs really.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/circlebroke2] [Reddit loves to not love Scientology](https://np.reddit.com/r/circlebroke2/comments/3tf605/reddit_loves_to_not_love_scientology/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
 I didn't know this was a *thing*-that people can deny the police investigating 911 calls. The mind boggles. 
After call10 you think they'd have tried harder to get in. 161 is ridiculous
"Policemen, I hate these guys.."
 - Harrison Fort
Do you feel it was different back in the face of refusal, because of that they're EXTREMELY sensitive about letting anything remotely like that in a small town with five officers.
They probably didn't say the right words "there's a suspicious black guy trying to break into the rooms, I think he just broke into (your room number), he might still be there, I didn't see him come out. " Instant swat team response.
Where are the cops that stormed into that college apartment when you need them?
Not a cult, definelty not a cult.
Downtown clearwater, florida sounds like a mission you'd have in Fallout 5


What the fuck how in the fucking hell is that even legal?  
As somebody who lives in Clearwater, and sometimes passes through that community when taking the scenic route to Clearwater Beach...it's a really weird area.
Haven't read the article yet, but were there any transcripts of the 911 calls?
Edit Not a time before FOIA, I thought that was the ATF, but still.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rehabilitation_Project_Force

I remember reading that this shit goes on in the basement of the Clearwater hotel. Also in the making cult members sleep in the parking garage or some other absurd shit.
Should've called ISIS. 
i work for an interpretation company and had to do an their "Golden age of tech 2" event for them at that location it was pretty crazy. they told me if i went backstage i would be arrested so i had to teach one of them how to connect my own equipment backstage everyone was nice but in that creepy kind of way 
Fucking clearwater, so many fucking scientologists. 
I know I'm late to the post but I have a question: how the hell did this crazy church spreads so much? I mean.. sure.. I know Mormons, etc. were also quite crazy on the early days.. but what's the current spread vector of scientology these days? they must spread through some channel..
dont worry guys, its a religion
And the freaking cops didn't kick their asses for getting in the way?!? I'd like to know what happened to the people who called the cops. If cops want to kick the shit out of people and, occasionally, shoot them this would have been a perfect place to do so.
oh god
In mother Russian scientology may not enter.
Welfare check?
wtf cops have blown doors down for less, this is surprising
Tom Cruise lol
If they keep going on your property and you've warned them, shoot them.
Scientology fought the IRS AND WON ... a a local city police department Is chump work
I should have claimed we were having a scientology gathering instead of a house party in college...
this hotel is so haunted
Why the hell did they not just bust in, having reasonable suspicion that there was a life-or-death emergency inside?
The excuse is plausible though - 
  
&gt; Scientology officials say most of the calls are mistakes that occur when foreign visitors try to dial the international access code, 011, after dialing a 9 to get an outside line.
Search warrant. How hard is that?
And the police just left? Is that not shady as fuck? How many fucking donuts did they give them? Are people actually allowed to do that?
11 months? Satan really took his time getting Tom Cruise broken in.
Can you imagine what there fuckers would be like if they had a fallout 4 type world to play in... Lmao worse than raiders 
I should start a religion.
Here to call anyone who berates Scientology a bigot, a racist and a xenophobe.  Because that's what the liberal groupthink says to people who criticize a fucked up religion.
I just threw up in my mouth
Can't help but wonder what the reaction would have been had the "hotel" been a home owned by a black person.


[I'm guessing it was only white people that answered the door.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2015/11/18/my-white-neighbor-thought-i-was-breaking-into-my-own-apartment-nineteen-cops-showed-up/)
Scientology is ruining the image of my hometown Clearwater.

It's truly a beautiful location to visit and Scientology can be completely avoided to the point of nonexistence to a traveler.
Why doesn't somebody just start killing these people? They need to be exterminated 
That recanting of the conditions there is the most privileged person living like a normal person statement ever.

OH MY GOD I DID NOT HAVE A DRESSER AND MY SUITCASE WAS ON THE FLOOR!
22u ve v8v fewdb0 jkh qheybrrors b9vv ib oven mddm r9 fr
I hhnn
Nm e
sounds like it could be alot of prank calls sourced from the Hotel's number, someone might be fucking with scientology
This part blew my mind:

&gt;Also reported at the conference was another security hole seemingly straight out of science-fiction: a so-called “corneal keylogger”. The idea behind the attack is simple. A hacker may have access to a user’s phone camera, but not anything else. How to go from there to stealing all their passwords?

&gt;One way, demonstrated on stage, is to read what they’re typing by **analysing photographs of the reflections in their eyes.**
Boy, they must be watching this dude like a hawk.
I can't begin to understand how you recreate a fingerprint based on a photograph..
&gt;a speaker at the Chaos Communication Congress, an annual meeting of hackers in Germany, demonstrated his method for faking fingerprints using only a few high-definition photographs of his target, German defence minister Ursula von der Leyen.

***
&gt;Starbug is no stranger to taking on biometric security. In a high profile stunt in 2013, he spoofed Apple’s TouchID sensors within 24 hours of the release of the iPhone 5S.
Reminds me of a video where they used lasers and objects in a room to listen to people talking (by watching the vibrations the sound of their voices made on objects in the room)
Lifehack: burn your fingertips off so this guy doesnt steal ur girl
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/dec/30/hacker-fakes-german-ministers-fingerprints-using-photos-of-her-hands) reduced by 82%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; It&amp;#039;s an old clich&amp;eacute; of security researchers: fingerprints might appear more secure than passwords.

&gt; His latest demonstration suggests that it may be possible to unlock a phone using a fingerprint stolen without ever touching a person or their property - although actually getting hold of the phone is still needed for the last stage, of actually unlocking it.

&gt; Starbug agrees, telling Zeit in 2013 that &amp;quot;I consider my password safer than my fingerprint My password is in my head, and if I&amp;#039;m careful when typing, I remain the only one who knows it."


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3t83gu/til_a_hacker_was_able_to_recreate_the_fingerprint/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~15230 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **fingerprint**^#1 **phone**^#2 **password**^#3 **hack**^#4 **using**^#5

Post found in [/r/todayilearned](http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/til_a_hacker_was_able_to_recreate_the_fingerprint/) and [/r/Futurology](http://np.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/2qu1zq/article_hacker_fakes_german_ministers/).
I asked my wife about this whole fingerprint thing the other day... essentially it's a good thing because it's quick and reasonably secure... however, what about if you're sleeping, if you are unconscious for any reason, or if someone drugs you til you're incapacitated...

Everything we have, including our financial records, are now available at the touch of a finger. Literally.

I asked this because my BofA app recently requested me to set my fingerprint for login authorization moving forward. I thought it was cool until it hit me, I could be knocked unconscious and anyone could effectively use me to gain access to my entire world.

It's convenient as hell though so I use it..... :)
And unlike a password, you can't change your fingerprints. 
This is why biometrics should only be usernames, not passwords.
That's pretty nifty, but the 1337ist hack I know of is still the "Cold Boot" attack using liquid nitrogen to retrieve memory that remains readable in the seconds to minutes after power has been removed. 
Fingerprints are bad security

You leave them everywhere

They can't be changed
ZOOM. ENHANCE. 
Biometrics: The concept of, rather than protecting things with information which is itself hard to keep safe, like secrets; instead, protecting things with information which is not secret, and never has been.

Biometrics only ever works in situations where the device and the individual are both under your control. eg: The person requesting access is physically present at your security desk, and you would like to verify that they are who they claim to be. The device is secured, and their hands can be inspected prior to being placed on the scanner *by the inspector*.

Other than that, biometrics is only useful against casual attacks by untrained attackers. (eg: your non-techy friend has access to your phone for a couple of minutes because you forgot to grab it while going to the bathroom)
they should wear something like opaque condoms that go over your hands to make the palm and finger prints not visible.
Soo he was able to get high def photos of the politician's fingerprints then reverse engineer them? Explain!
Something similar was by the CCC done years ago when Schäuble was Germany’s interior minister.

http://www.wired.com/2008/03/hackers-publish/

https://www.ccc.de/de/updates/2008/schaubles-finger
Sounds like the work of Hackerman.
That hackers name? 4chan
[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVxL9ymiyAU) the presentation. 
&gt;Fingerprints may appear more secure than passwords.  
    
I've never heard anyone say/assume that. More convenient, yes, but I don't think I'd call the thing that leaves a copy of itself on almost everything you touch "secure".
&gt;  But if your password gets stolen, you can change it to a new one; what happens when your fingerprint gets copied

Well, you could just use a different finger, which is pretty much the same thing as changing your password. Except you only have ten fingers, but let's face it, we all have like 3 passwords that we just rotate.
That's cause fingerprint is not a password, it's a username.   
People who insist on using biometrics as a password are cryptographically illiterate. 
Somebody has a thumbprint fetish. 
Zero Cool is for real.  

But can he hack a Gibson? 
ENHANCE!
I love the idea of fingerprint verification. Hey, you know that one bit of unique identifier that people leave literally everywhere all the time? And governments create databases of? The one thing you literally could never protect from getting stolen? Let's use that as a password for everything. Hell, our phones are covered with fingerprints by design! Might as well just stencil your passwords on the back of your phone, save everyone some trouble.
Modern technology is so complex and so fragile at the same time....
Could this be the infamous hacker known as "4chan"?
Wait Scorpion wasn't bullshitting about this in the last episode?
Is he a white hat hacker?
Hack The Planet!
Haven't you guys seen that mythbusters episode?  It's not that difficult to fake a fingerprint.
This guy was at CanSecWest, his presentation was great. Went over how you'd use 4k porn to get good random retina images.
It's always good to hear Real Genius exists out in the wild somewhere.
This guy is good with fingers
Microsoft paint is a powerful tool. 
This is why hackers are stronger than ISIS. Brilliant, mate! 
and this is why biometrics aren't secure
Starbug is amazing.
This guy really has the fingerprint world under under his thumb.
I wanted to make a pun but i can't THUMB-p it...
Can someone please hire this guy for cyber defense!!!?
The French government needs to employ this dude to hack into the ISIS communications infrastructure.
If this is the hack I remember, it worked, but with a caveat. It only worked once in a certain number of attempts. That's cool, but the iPhone will lock and require a PIN after three failed attempts. You can use it to get into an iPhone, but it requires an element of luck that it work in the first three tries.
and that hacker's name: 4chan
DEFENSE IS FUTILE
For 100 Alex, I'll take ways to get kidnapped by a supervillain.
And has illegally downloaded all thumb porn in existence. He deserves a big thumbs up
Well built software can do N E THING. He could probably steal your ocular fingerprint from a photo too.
He's come up with *a* fingerprint - how can he be certain it's accurate?
hack skills on this guy are leet
The reason for fingerprint scanners on phones is because something like 50% of users never locked their phone down with a code. A fingerprint scanner is less secure but it has a way higher rate of use. So it's a compromise to get people to actual lock their phones. 
This just made every bad tv show I've ever seen so much more believable. 
Two-factor authentication makes this a mute point.
Someone should hire that dude to make better systems
It is kind of insane to think we leave that particular password on everything we touch, forever, and it can't be changed. And we thought that was better than a made-up word we carry in our heads and can be changed any second. 
But how fast did the hacker type?
This reminds of the video where they used plants to pick up sound by focusing a high res high speed camera on the leaves an recording the vibrations from sounds. 
Who the fuck is he? The Handyman?
http://hackaday.com/2015/11/10/your-unhashable-fingerprints-secure-nothing/
Hire that dude today
Yeah, it seems strange using fingerprints for security in the modern era. You leave your fingerprints all over everything you touch all day long, all you have to do is capture a copy and you can 3d print a finger with that print. Not nearly as secure as it seems. Although a picture of a key is enough these days too.
This is why fingerprints should only be used for identification, not security. 
Human determination to defy obstacles is simply astounding--someone always figures out how to outdo all sorts of defenses and security systems.
i mean, yeah, you can bypass fingerprints, but the number of street thugs with the know-how and willingness to 

a: risk stealing a phone

b: identify victim and research them online in the hopes of finding the right fingerprint

and

c: replicating this attack just to access a credit card is pretty small.

For most all of us, fingerprint verification is a fine and reliable way of securing devices. 
To be secure you should provide a combination of the following:

- Something you are
- Something you have
- Something you know

Finger prints are interesting as they cover the first two; fingerprints act as an identifier as well as a key.

In my opinion, they are best used as a form of ID, you should still provide a password or key to obtain access.
and that hacker's name: 4chin
Problem with a retina or fingerprint is that you can't change them every 4 weeks like you can a PIN or password 
A true life hack
I guess he had to enhance a lot
If I saw this in a movie I would be like, "Give me a fucking break, no way."
Yup. Also don't take pictures of keys. Always use a potato camera.
Who's gunna hack starbugs password. That's one juicy score
was his name 4chan?
I'm not surprised that someone defeated fingerprinting biometrics. It's going to pretty easy to do once you take into consideration that developers are going to be using someone else's patented technology or software. Once you compromise that, it's useless. And when they talk about using fingerprint readers for smartguns this is exactly why they will fail to do exactly what they're designed to prevent (unauthorized use after theft) on day 1.
The best part of getting your thumb print compromised is that you can never use it securely again! 

Gooooo bio-metrics. 
As a rule of thumb, someone will always get how to do these things. 
This is why I always where latex gloves when leaving the house
Thumbs up to this guy
I bet you he listens to Geto Boys "Damn It Feels Good To Be A Gangsta" 24/7
Demonstrating on a low-grade biometric device is pretty easy. I've seen two different people get into the same iPhone using their own fingerprints.
Will the 4chan stop at nothing! 
So today when someone hacks your email you change your password. What happens when someone hacks your fingerprint or retinal scan? You can't just 'make a new one'. ?
4chan must be a top tier hacker!
This guy needs to fight Isis not the idiots who got Twitter accts banned 
this goes beyond hacking skills, this is some next-level genius shit
A fingerprint scanner works for the average person. If somebody trying to replicate your print to get access to your phone, you've got bigger problems. 
Yeah but the thumb print thing should be so your friends or a petty thief can't get into your phone, if you're seriously concerned about your data you should not be relying on the thumb print scanner thing.
And I'm just here, getting high and playing Fallout 4 while there's people out there that can do this
A fingerprint is not used for security. It is used for convenience. Who the fuck would use a fingerprint for something that holds down classified information?

As Edward Snowden said - ifthekingandqueenwenttoapartytheywouldeatcaviaronly is a better password than 45tr!kit*
Take notes kids… THIS is REAL hacking.
I see a lot of people saying this is a security flaw and while technically it is, you're not an international super spy, and no one gives a flying fuck what's on your phone, particularly to the point of using computers to extract your fingerprint from a picture.
All i can think is.. "goddamn the human mind is a thing to behold!"..


Humans are awesome and terrible all in the same sentence
I want to see a write up of how he did this more than anything.
It must be the hacker 4chan.
Why couldn't we use a two part system? Lets say we use a persons ID card such as their drivers license. If companies put a card reader for the magnetic strips on their phone it would solve a lot of problems. I know it would be a pain in the ass, but if they allow the answering of calls and text in normal mode that would be fine, but to access anything else on the phone would take the swiping of the persons ID. They could put a time limit, or a app to re-lock the phone. 
Enhance!!
And probably too expensive to hire full time.  Contracting two months a year like a boss.
He must be handy at parties
Biometrics simply is not safe and will never be safe. The unsafety of it is only enhanced with the perception of the safety of it in the public sphere. It's insanity.
I must admit that I am pretty impressed. 
If you didn't know: pretty much all biometrics are extremely and trivially hackable.
Yeah some of the fancier security mechanism aren't as good as they seem. RFID (those security fobs) for example they just seem cool but at least with old fashioned keys they can't be copied by standing next to you.
I saw Starbug in our local hackerspace where he repeated his talk about how he pulled that off. Really interesting.
people were praising lulzsec yesterday for being rEaL hAcKeRs






people, THIS is a real hacker




plz stop using that word on skiddies and crackers 
That's why real security scanners that scan fingers really aren't scanning just finger prints.  They scan the veins too.
they should hire him
Who knew that using fingerprints for security isn't secure? /s

Seriously, just use a password, it's more secure.
Scary but literally incredible.  It's amazing what some people can do.
[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVxL9ymiyAU) the Link to the talk at the Chaos communication Congress.

But was he able to create a gui interface in visual basic to track their ip address?
I wish I could have the privilege to know one of these people.
I think this is incredible...the ingenuity!!
Sounds realistic but imagine doing 2 step authentication each time you want to access your phone! Ugh. I think this is much more applicable to high ranking officials that have knowledge of confidential information. 
It starts being funny what kind of a joke our "cyber defense" is

Is this guy looking for a job? Im sure any country would hire him and he'd receive benefits too 
To be fair, Adam Savage once fooled a thumbprint scanner by licking his finger, so it might be a failing of the device. Still impressive, though.
I hear Anonymous is going after ISIS. Hope this dude's on board. 
Was the hackers name 4chan? I heard that dude is a master hacktivist!
TIL the german defense minister looks a lot better in thumbnails.
There is a company, Sonavation that has created a 3d ultra sound biometric system. Not only does it read 9 points on your finger, it looks into the groves, which everyones is unique, and uses points in there. Then there is the fact that ultrasonic waves can read unique vein structures. So this 3 proof system is un-hackable, and the company was just able to read an ultrasonic finger print though corning gorilla glass. This company is the future, be on the look out.
MYTHBUSTERS did this
Now sic him on ISIS!
We've all heard it before, but just for [today's lucky 10,000](https://xkcd.com/1053/): Fingerprints are a username, not a password.
Fingerprints make for terrible passwords because they're IDs/usernames and you leave them everywhere.
That hacker's name? 4chan
People wondered why Blackberry didn't include fingerprint readers to the phones... it's all just for glam - a picture password is the most secure (if you haven't tried it look it up, it's actually quite neat).
This reminds me of how you can recreate the audio from an album as long as you have a good picture of it.

TIL that the German Defense Minister looks like Astrid from season 5 of Homeland.
Sooo has this guy gotten a billion dollar offer to head the NSA yet or what? 
How would anyone be able to verify that the fingerprint is in fact hers? 
Apple should really just hire the guy. Or possibly the Department of Defense. You know like in *Catch Me If You Can*
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3t75sl?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[starbug: Ich sehe, also bin ich ... Du (english translation)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=VVxL9ymiyAU&amp;t=540s)|[21](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx3xs6w?context=10#cx3xs6w) - Here&amp;#39;s the part in the talk 
[Super Troopers - Enhance](https://youtube.com/watch?v=KiqkclCJsZs)|[7](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx3ruiq?context=10#cx3ruiq) -  
[Why I Don't Watch CSI](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3uoM5kfZIQ0)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx4134x?context=10#cx4134x) - Here&amp;#39;s the part where they demonstrate it 
[Crime Cops](https://youtube.com/watch?v=gF_qQYrCcns)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx41v41?context=10#cx41v41) -  
[Let's Enhance (HD)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=LhF_56SxrGk)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx415y8?context=10#cx415y8) - Zoom and enhance. 
[Red Dwarf - CSI spoof](https://youtube.com/watch?v=JMIHNiR3CP8)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx40unr?context=10#cx40unr) - ZOOM AND ENHANCE 
[Badalamenti Twin Peaks Love Theme](https://youtube.com/watch?v=SwvSFOEfHJE)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx40lo4?context=10#cx40lo4) -  
[Nicolas Jaar - Essential Mix on BBC (05.19.2012) Part 1/2](https://youtube.com/watch?v=X7JQu06ylFM&amp;t=93s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx4237i?context=10#cx4237i) - You&amp;#39;ll enjoy this 
[Twin Peaks Soundtrack - Blue Frank](https://youtube.com/watch?v=YUcuccdGmeg)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx40nnw?context=10#cx40nnw) - This was always one of my faves. David Lynch on guitar I believe. 
[Louise Dombrowski - Twin Peaks](https://youtube.com/watch?v=2p_OnR0QK0k)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3t75sl/_/cx41y4h?context=10#cx41y4h) - Louise Dombrowski&amp;#39;s flashlight dance was magic. 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
'blindman breaks'
Hackerman: he's the greatest hacker of all time!
Wow. So, just because I'm paranoid doesn't mean they're not really out to get me? D:
I understand you can replicate a 2D fingerprint by 3D printing a positive mold. Does size matter? I.E. Can you print out a "Stamp" of a finger-print. 
Glad my fingerprints we're compromised when the opm got hacked. Wouldn't want those to stay secure or anything. 
BlackBerry = Security
I was going suggest private part scanners as an alternative until forgot airport body scanners already record them. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vM1QgwaKv4s
Okay so there's one dude out there that is some sort of finger print genius or something.  I'm not too worried.
So, in the future influent people will start using gloves to protect their fingerprints from being photographed.
But was it the hacker known as 4chan?
Actually biometrics are not that hard to fake.
1. Most use an industry standard 16, 32 or 40bit encryption for data transfer.
2. They don't actually scan your finger print or eye.
3. A lot of cheap biometrics can be faked with a piece of paper.

Someone with inside knowledge of the industry can do some serious damage.
Someone do this for Obama. Lets see how long it takes the secret service to get to your house and then report back with the results.
Yeah but hackers will stop once the majority of the world is automated. 
Cool. 
There is a contingent of people who really hate biometric security for this reason. It's fairly easy to fake a fingerprint if you know how. Not so easy to fake a 15 character password.
Give this man a raise!

Csi: Cyber is REAL?
So are politicians now going to wear contact lenses and fake fingerprints?
Still curious about the photograph used. It must have a pretty incredible high resolution, and a close shot.

Anyway professional cameras have pretty fat resolutions, and if they released the full photo, that might have been enough.

So in the future, don't release high resolution photos I guess. I'm still wondering if one can interpolate from low resolution photographs and still get a result...
For a moment, I thought I was in /r/itsaunixsystem 
Finger print as a password is completely retarded. 

Know how you can get someones fingerprint? It's on everything they have ever touched. Its the primary thing the police find out about a person PRIOR to knowing anything else about them. One of the most public and available pieces of information you leave everywhere. 

And "someone was able to recreate this guys from a photograph"?

How do we know? Maybe he just got it off a cup and SAID he recreated it from a photograph to blow idiots minds. 
Zero Cool?
I hope he's helping the world with Daesh(IS)!!! 
How was it verified that the recreated fingerprint was actually the defense minister's? Did she cooperate and actually let him open her phone?
When I read things like this I can't help but wonder how close upon us big brother truly is? Especially after the attacks on France. Government will sell security as the only way to protect its people. And we will accept it just like we accept all other media that invades our privacy 
This story is largely bullshit. You can't get someone's fingerprints from consumer cameras based on an image taken across a room. Give me a break... CSI "zoom and enhance" is not real.
You can't say you "defeated" a fingerprint sensor by recreating someone's finger print. That's like saying I defeated a lock by making a copy of the key. Anything for click bait I suppose. 
[Enhance.](http://media.giphy.com/media/10nMEclFWTPCp2/giphy.gif)
Just remember people, you can change your fingerprint. Just make a few cuts and let it scar over. Your fingerprint is thus different for the rest of your life.
a b s o l u t e m a d m a n
Very intelligent person.
Sounds like he should work for [CSI: Cyber](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wezI3p0Bmys)
Anonymous I hope
Anon needs these types of people not skids.
All this takes is maybe a good Photoshop script with Visual Basic GUI to enhance the smallest detail of reflections in a photograph to obtain a persons fingerprints.

Our security is only a script waiting to be read by a bad actor.






"Hacker"
Neat.
security by obscurity
[deleted]
[deleted]
cicada 3301
I want to learn how to hack things. SO bad. Anyone know where to start?
If the photograph shows evidence of her fingerprint then it's a matter of producing an image that accentuates the contours. One can steal a fingerprint from a used cup. 
This hacker should be jailed ...
Zza
[deleted]
Defeated? Hardly. The method he used is so complex it would never be used. 
Just disabled the touch ID on my iphone.
The thumbprint reader on all devices like an iPhone isn't designed for securing your device. It's designed to CAPTURE YOUR FINGERPRINTS. 

Why else would android phones leave weak permissions on the fingerprint file? They can be easily stolen and that is the point. What better way for the surveillance state to capture over a billion fingerprints? You willingly give it to them whether you know it or not. 
Love it! 

STOP PRETENDING THAT ONLINE BANKING IS SAFE.
Sounds like he needs to get a life.
Dude really likes thumbs. 
&gt; All city lights in Reykjavik are generated with CO2 free energy so the act had nothing to do with raising awareness of global warming. The only initiative is the fact that we are raising the first generation on earth without access to dark skies, stars and the Milkyway

-Andri Magnason

[New Scientist](https://www.newscientist.com//article/dn10245-editorial-turn-out-the-lights-stare-at-the-stars)

[CRI](http://english.cri.cn/3188/2006/09/28/193@144762.htm)


I remember that day. The kids in my neighborhood all got together and met up at the local hill that was in the middle of the neighborhood. Blankets and pillows everywhere.
Then we just laid down and watched the darkness and talked about silly stuff. One of my friends had her first kiss that night. It's a great memory. 
Someone's a QI lover
I'd love to stare at the stars in Iceland with Sigur Ros playing softly in the background. 
That's really cool.  More places should do that!  

Although I can't personally remember any longer what it looked like, the 2003 power outage in parts of USA/Canada allowed cities that are usually full of light pollution to experience the true beauty of the night sky for a few days.

[Like this](http://www.illinoislighting.org/graphics/blackout.jpg)
Somebody was watching the most recent episode of QI.
I turned twelve that day.  I assumed they were just proverbially blowing out the candles. 
I think that was a Hey Arnold episode.
That country is amazing. Seriously. 
The thing was a failure. All the lightposts where turned of, but cars and traffic lights where on and very few homes turned the lights off. The difference in light pollution was very little
That's the most beautiful thing I've heard this week.  A whole city sharing a moment of beauty narrated by some one who's so captivated by the stars that he's dedicated his life to them.
A perfectly clear night sky is a beautiful experience, one that I can only term as 'spiritual'. It's like when the fog clears over a mountain top, you see how deep the valley is and how vast your view is. Awesome experience, we and our future generations deserve it.
Thank you Stephen Fry
It's like that episode from Hey Arnold.
Also known as The Purge
The whole world should do that once a year or maybe every season
The real dumb thing is that we could greatly reduce the number of lights all the time, we just don't bother.
Ben Carson doesn't believe in stars.  
[deleted]
I seriously wish they would do this at least once a year. Maybe at time change (twice a year) or something. I would love the opportunity to see/photograph the stars.
Ahh Iceland, how envious I am of everything that you are. 
(Pictures one dude flipping one light switch)
this is only one of the many reasons iceland is awesome
That's pretty awesome! That's one of my favorite parts of working out in the country at 4am. The sky is incredible out there at night. 
somebody watched QI.
I bet it saved some money on electricity bills too
6 thousand upvotes?? Reddit and or humanity fucking loves space.
Fantastic to hear of a population of people striving to be enlightened, educated thinkers.
They should stop doing that:

If such activities are being observed by alien civilizations they might get the idea that we are far enough in our development to be worth getting in touch with. 

Boy would they be disappointed. 
Iceland as a country feels like that small town we with we had grown up in, where people are real and do what's right. That's awesome...
I find this fact [Q](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCUi63eVyg8)uite Interesting. 
Iceland always sounds like the country where everyone's having a good time.
I hope the people turned off their lights too.
TIL is just QI on a couple hours delay. 
It's actually for this reason that Tenerife's street lights all have to point downwards. 
I too watched QI last night on Dave.
My birthday! Astronomy is the shit
This is awesome
[deleted]
time to move to iceland
Why can't all of earth be like this? :(
[Simpsons did it!](https://meblogwritegood.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/screen-shot-2012-08-10-at-12-20-16-pm.png)
Respect.
I think this should be done on a bigger scale, but not necessarily the same time for all the cities, but but definitely more cities.
Heard of this on yesterday's QI episode.
One of the memorable moments of my life was being in the Swiss Alps at night, getting out of the car, and looking UP. Mind blown. This is the first I'm hearing of the Reykjavik experiment, but it should serve as an inspiration.
I saw this on QI yesterday.

Coincidence?

I think not.
Sorry Reykjavik, [Simpsons already did it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%27Scuse_Me_While_I_Miss_the_Sky)
A lot of interesting things are possible when you have a very homogenous culture.
This should be an annual thing everywhere.
I live in the 4th largest city in America. I can see only a handful of stars at night if the sky is clear. The first time I ever traveled through the country and saw the glory of the universe above me at night it blew my fucking mind.
I remember that day, I was so excited. However it was cloudy as shit where I lived so I saw next to nothing.
That was the year I graduated high school. Time flies.
Reminds me of the Hey Arnold episode where they try to see Sally's Comet. 
Shit like this makes countries stronger.
Wow, now that is very cool. How beautiful would it be watching that night sky in Iceland while having a tour given by a knowledgeable astronomer.
Why do I know how to pronounce that city name? 
This reminds me a fourth of July a few years ago. My family was up enjoying the fireworks on a family friends boat in West Bay but they had put in at a marina on East Bay. Not wanting to move the trailer and wait in both traffic and line to get it out of the water we decided to take the boat around the point and back to East Bay. It was a new moon and not a cloud in the sky so when we get out around the point where the nearest source of light pollution is at least 5 miles away the number of stars you can see is truly incredible. It is honestly one of the most beautiful things that I have seen. 
I see someone watches QI...
That's so nice!
I live shit like this. No one has an agenda, they're just looking at stars. This is why everyone is happier there. 
awesome
so they got all 100 people to turn off their lights for half an hour?
I live in L.A.

I'm from the deep woods of Maine. 

I miss the real stars.
I wish I could get my area to do this for a bit.

But nooo, people would bitch about MUH ELECTRICAL FREEDOMS.
I live in L.A.

I'm from the deep woods of Maine. 

I miss the real stars.
What a great idea!!!
I live in L.A.

I'm from the deep woods of Maine. 

I miss the real stars.
Pictures or it never happened
Hey Arnold did it first.
This should be a thing in the US. We should have a day where the lights and electronics and cars all have to be turned off for like two hours. 

One of the greatest tragedies of our time is that people don't know what the sky looks like. 
It's shit like this why I think Europeans are so cool. 
~~Another reason why Scandinavian countries are badass.~~

Edit: Iceland is badass.
Haha reminds me of when I was just 15 and I got tied up and raped under the starry night sky of my homeland, shrieking into the wind as he lubricated his large meatmissile with the blood of my innocence
in a small, stable country like iceland, you can manage to do shit like this, it isn't surprising to be honest, with only 300,000 people
In other news, traffic related fatalities rose 400% today, as city council workers decided, and i quote: "Fuck that shit, i wanna see some staaars, man". 

A number of citizens involved in automotive accidents are preparing a class action suit against the city. 
The place I want to most visit in the world is Iceland.  I just want to see me some stars and Northern Lights and elves and stuff.
Some asshole still probably drove around with his high beams on
I wish i could have been there for that. People in Atlanta would have lost their fucking minds if that had happened. 
If, for example, LA did this, there would probably be a class-action lawsuit by the citizens.
Easy enough to do when your country only has like 600,000 people total. Would have been cool though. 
We have the same story here in Greece. It was Kapodistrias, a past prime minister, who did this.
Like how Homer got rid of the trampoline by chaining it up.
It's the same thing with stuff you leave on the curb. Put an old chair out there and it probably will sit there. Put a sign on it saying "$25" and someone will steal it. 
Free money and popularizing potatoes? Man was a genius.
&gt; His many other contributions to nutrition and health included establishing the first mandatory smallpox vaccination campaign (under Napoleon beginning in 1805, when he was Inspector-General of the Health Service) 

That's cool. I can thank him for his work to eliminate smallpox, establish herd immunity, and popularize potage Parmentier (French potato soup) and French fries.

So how, then, were potatoes ever unpopular in France? Let's read on.

&gt; While serving as an army pharmacist[1][2]for France in the Seven Years' War, he was captured by the Prussians, and in prison inPrussia was faced with eating potatoes, known to the French only as hog feed... In 1748 the French Parliament had actually forbidden the cultivation of the potato (on the grounds that it was thought to cause leprosy among other things), and this law remained on the books in Parmentier's time.

Leprosy. Huh. How bout that. Let's change source. I found a book!

&gt;As Americans credit John "Johnny Appleseed" Chapman with sowing the first seeds of the apple orchards in the Midwest, the French pay homage to Parmentier for bringing potatoes into fashion in France. He is honored in the typical French name-as-dish manner: Parmentier means any dish prepared with potatoes

["World Food. France" by Stephen Fallon and Michael Rothschild](https://books.google.com/books?id=dnhIc2GBD-QC&amp;pg=PA38&amp;lpg=PA38&amp;dq=french+potato+fine+dish+staple&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=PG49Q2xozb&amp;sig=1q9sCwLkl75cOeEP_ZiHHfCQc7E&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0CFsQ6AEwD2oVChMI8eCsl5WHyQIVVS-ICh3new22), published by Lonely Planet. Page 38. Table "Monsieur Potato Head"

I like this dude, the more I read about him. He knew what's up.

Edit: link format. 
There was this guy who lived in my neighborhood in the 70s and these kids would come by every week and kick his trash cans over. The next day, he would have to go outside and pick up all his trash and his trash cans. This happened all the time. So he made up some story to the kids as to why he liked having them kicked over. Like it annoyed his wife or something, I don't know. He paid them like a dollar each or something like that. So every week these kids would come by, kick his trash cans around, and collect his money. And the guy tells them he can't afford to pay them a dollar. So he gave them $.75. The next week it was $.50. The week after, $.25. Finally, he told the kids he couldn't afford to pay them anymore, but could they still kick his trash cans around? They told the guy "we're not doing it for free!" And they never kicked his trash cans over again.
At the grocery store I work at we put bigger than usual price signs on items we want to sell. They are not on sale, they just have a bigger sign.
If you want a german to do something, tell him it's authorized. If you want a french to do something, tell him it's forbidden. 
Heard that in Sweden potatoes was not that popular in the beginning. But then someone discovered that you can ferment potatoes to Brännvin. And that's the story why you eat meatballs with potatoes in IKEA.
This would have backfired soooo bad if they tried that in Ireland

&gt;where are all my potatoes?  
&gt;gone sir... All gone...
That had to be the cushiest gig ever
Sort of like that thing where if you want to get rid of an old TV **do not** put a sign that says "Free TV" on it when you place it at the curb...  It will be there forever.


Instead put "$50, inquire inside", and it will disappear in hours.
Isn't the same story in Germany and Greece, but with Frederick the Great and a Greek minister?
If you ever visit Parmentier's grave in Pere Lachaise, put a potato on it.

Seriously, that's what people do.
U sure he did that? 
The same story exists, but with "Friedrich the great"as king.  He did so to introduce the potatoe to prussia!
"Known for: potato"
I think if people realized how many things are used to manipulate everything we do on a daily basis more people would have agoraphobia
Latvia try this only was no potato in field, only forced labor.
This needs a recipe for potatoes parmentier-
Ingredients

350g (6 medium sized) potatoes
1 tbsp sunflower oil
generous knob of butter (melted)
2tsp dried parsley
2 sprigs fresh rosemary
salt and pepper

Method

Place large baking tray in oven and preheat to 200C/fan 180C/gas 6.
Peel and dice potatoes into half inch/1cm cubes. Meanwhile melt butter and stir in parsley.
Heat oil in large frying pan. Over a moderate heat, add cubed potatoes and cook for 5-10 minutes, stirring occasionally to prevent potatoes browning or sticking to the pan.
Remove rosemary leaves from tough stalks and finely chop. Transfer potatoes to baking tray. Mix parsley butter in with the potatoes and sprinkle with rosemary and season.
Roast for 30 mins, shaking halfway to prevent sticking.
A little late to the party. But this is mainly because potatoes very closely resembled a deadly nightshade.  It's like if I gave you a bottle of bleach and told you "it's fine. I cleaned it out and it's just booze". 
Imagine being known mostly for your potato exploits... Oh wait, all of Ireland.
It's interesting that his last name, Parmentier, is similar to the French word for potato which is "pomme de terre"
Also like several stories in [The Acts of Gord](http://www.actsofgord.com/). People will steal anything not nailed down, but put a console outside with a sign that says "steal me" and no one will touch it.
TIL about the Mr Potato Head of France whose grave is surrounded by potato plants in tribute to his incredible marketing skills. Really cool history facts, thanks OP.
Interestingly enough I  actually read about that today in The Botany of Desire by Michael Pollan. 
I highly recommend this book. 
Which episode of Nathan For You does this happen on?
This reminds me of asking for help in WoW. If you repeatedly ask how to do something, everyone ignores you. State how to do it incorrectly and everyone will suddenly become useful and tell you the correct way to do it.
I'm going to place armed guards around my boner and tell hot girls they CAN'T ride it.
potato
[deleted]
So.... apparently potato was a "religious taboo" food back during the European renaissance era? o.O

What's next in TIL? Oxygen was banned by the church after its discovery?
Imagine that, he started a "war against potatoes" and then had his men ([CIA]( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allegations_of_CIA_drug_trafficking) ) sell them at an inflated price. I'd hate for any modern day leaders to implement such a manipulative plan. 
They could have just cut them in to strips and fried them in lard and passed them out with some sweetened tomato sauce.
Finally!!!! This [thing I did](http://youtu.be/RK9qXQ0obhU) is backed up by Reddit!
So...just how bad were things in france that the people were bribing guards to get into vegetable gardens?
Could've just let them try some vodka. 
Prior to that, it used to be that if one was caught absconding with a potato, they were immediately electrocuted to death while holding the ill-gotten gains, thus giving birth to the french fr...... oh,   nevermind 
And that's the story of the birth of "freedom fries."
Nice repost
pretty sure fishermen did the same thing. theres no flipping reason for lobster to be so frickin expensive. it's literally just a slightly bigger shrimp. that's figuratively the only possible explanation for why lobster is so darn pricey.
Similar to why "invite only" websites work out so well.
Those guards had the best job ever! 
Rule1: Pretend to guard potatoes
Rule2: Make extra cash on the side
Rule3: If anything goes wrong... do nothing
There is an TED talk on this subject that is mildly interesting.
We need independent, successful people to get rid of an old TV out with some sweetened tomato sauce.
Relevant: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crosjxD4XaI
If there's anything that people want, it's something they can't have.
Also this should be noted this did not really spread the use of potatoes across France, it wasn't until a famine that the potato really caught on.
"Hachis Parmentier", a delicious French potato-based dish, is named after this hero:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hachis_Parmentier
I did this with a broken hot water heater. Didn't have a car big enough to take to the dump, so I put it on my lawn with a $100 price tag on it. 2 days later someone stole it for me.
All this does is make me think of some horrible pre-potato nightmare world.
What would be the equivalent of using this method today?
That had to be the cushiest gig ever
It's really difficult to imagine a world without potatoes.  Or tomatoes.  So many of the things that we eat every day common from distant parts of the world, and most of society has lived without them until the last few hundred years.  That is so insane to imagine.  Food is one of the better after effects of exploration, colonization and domination.  
The most important public service announcement in human history: Thanks largely to Parmentier's efforts, the Paris Faculty of Medicine declared potatoes edible in 1772.
That would have been an awesome job to have as a guard...
I'm germany we hear it was Frederick the great. 
Sounds like what Hollywood does with movies nowadays.
Very similar mentality to a story i heard (can't remember the source) of someone moving house. They were getting rid of what they didn't need, which included a washing machine. They put it out in front of the house with a sign on it saying something like "free washing machine - help yourself".

After a couple of weeks it was still there, and moving date was imminent. So they changed the sign to read "washing machine for sale: $100".

The next night the washing machine was stolen. 
"It's amazing how easily public opinion is swayed by the actions of a few powerful people."

Like the west's views of poppy farmers in afghanistan.
That sort of intelligence is the leading factor that triggered my bisexuality ;)
And *that* is how the War on Drugs "works."
Jennifer Lawrence did something like this once...
Totally read that as Augratin.
"Known for potato"
[Should have just used a bike lock](http://www.brentwoodtc.org/images/simpsons/si32%20bikelock.jpg)
Marketing strategies are indeed fickle and out of the box.
Whether this specific story is true or not, don't ever under-estimate the power of marketing.
And hachis parmentier. So delicieux, my friends
Outstanding
Tommy Hollinger did that in New York.
This is how any decent yard sale is done
Matt Damon hates this guy...

/r/clickbait
Tom Sawyer approach. Classic
Holy shit, this is my great great a great way back relative. The Duke of Potato 
TIL France has a ministry that declares foods edible.
I learned this from Cooking Comically.  Tasty taters.
It's now a life goal of mine to have "Potato publicity stunts" be a section on my Wikipedia page. 
Fucking genius
r/apphookup basically
It's kind of like HBO Go's strategy... 
http://techcrunch.com/2014/01/20/hbo-doesnt-care-if-you-share-your-hbo-go-account-for-now/
This is how we all learned how to count to potato.
That's fucking genius.
Jokes on him, nobody I know reads his little "potatoe" magazine, or whatever you call it.
Known for: potatoe


Security guards eat all potatoes here in Latvia.
The original Pirate Bay was a potato farm.....we just think we are so original
Oh god I remember we got taught about this is like second grade, this brings back memories
/u/Teejz genuis
This guy is St. Fry
I absolutely love potato related stories. &lt;3 But this one takes the shepherd's pie. 
People want what they can't have.
Exact same story in Russia...
Convince people to like potatoes? Wtf.
And this worked? Why not just pay peasants to steal them while he was at it...
It's interesting that his last name, Parmentier, is similar to the French word for potato which is "pomme de terre"
Hey buddy... Wanna buy a potato? 
Seems like a a roundabout way to do it. If I had to popularize potatoes I would mash them and say "Hey try this".
That's solid marketing right there
And thus, French Fries were born.
Reverse biology at its finest. 
Relevant https://vimeo.com/52938379

Relevant https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=sYwRrysOMYs
[me irl](http://imgur.com/Ew7zvg4)
It's from Monsieur Parmentier, through bastardization of his name over time, that we derive the modern English word "perimeter".
Sounds like MST3K...
A guard whose job is to accept bribes? That sounds like guard heaven, where all the guards that you kill in stealth games go when they die.
Wheat farmers hate him!
Bribery and Potato famine.. Well done FRANCE. 
Wow that's actually.... really creative.  Psychology hack
Marketing genius!
lol
The biggest question is, did it work?
Did he also invent french fries?
You can't come!☺️
http://www.gadgetteaser.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/sp506_Cartmanlandpg.jpg
The forbidden potato.
Sounds like a job with alot of benefits.
known for potato. lol
how come they weren't popular already? i assume the people weren't starving, but what's the significance? can anyone add here? 
Also, the French equivalent of shepherd's pie is called Hachis Parmentier (Parmentier's hash).  Parmentier promoted the dish as a way to encourage people to eat potatoes, and to eat more healthfully in general.

(Shepherd's pie/ is a mound of ground beef with diced vegetables in gravy, wth mashed potatoes on top, then broiled so the potatoes brown on the outside)  Imagine a time when shepherd's pie was a health food!

During Parmentier's time there was significant public fear of eating potatoes, as they are a species of deadly nightshade, which, as its name suggests, is super poisonous to humans.  

In fact, their fears were well founded.  Until the late 20th century, the leaves, stems, and exposed roots (any green part) of many potatoes still contained levels of solanine (the toxic chemical in nightshades) that were dangerous to humans.  Emergency room visits due to eating sunburnt, green potatoes were relatively common.  

Today, thanks to lots of breeding and genetic engineering, a green potato chip is completely safe to eat.  The leaves can still be quite harmful.

[This is finally relevant.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKSpLpfB5bI#t=7s)
My dad told me about this just a few days ago. It's a pretty neat case of mass reverse psychology.
OnePlus business model
So then all Microsoft needs to do is somehow place armed guards around Bing?
In Sweden we taught people how to make booze with it. For 150 years many people didn't know you could eat them.
Oldest trick in the book. If you wanna get rid of a couch, you don't post a "free" sign, you post a sign on it that says"20$", it will be stolen by morning
Now that's a business man.
This is also the dude that invented gravy
Genius
Beet Farmers Hate Him!
fucking awesome.
That's one helluva sentence: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antoine-Augustin_Parmentier#Potato_publicity_stunts

&gt; Parmentier therefore began a series of publicity stunts for which he remains notable today, hosting dinners at which potato dishes featured prominently and guests included luminaries such as Benjamin Franklin and Antoine Lavoisier, giving bouquets of potato blossoms to the King and Queen, and surrounding his potato patch at Sablons with armed guards to suggest valuable goods — then instructing them to accept any and all bribes from civilians and withdrawing them at night so the greedy crowd could "steal" the potatoes.
that was pretty bad ass back in the days
Glad someone cared as much as me...
Kinda sounds like a Tom Sawyer move...
I guess the modern equivalent would be free coupons
I have a friend who's related to him!
And that's why I'm fat. Fucking French fried potatoes.
I don't understand. Potatoes are amazing. Why would anyone need convincing?
&gt;From his return to Paris in 1763 he pursued his pioneering studies in nutritional chemistry. His prison experience came to mind in 1772 when he proposed (in a contest sponsored by the Academy of Besançon) use of the potato as a source of nourishment for dysenteric patients. He won the prize on behalf of the potato in 1773.

TIL Antoine-Augustin Parmentier accepted an award on behalf of the potato.
TIL in order to popularize prostitutuon America and many other countries made it illegal, and allowed people to "secretly pay more money" for it.
"Known for: potato"
and thus the french fries was born

Gold old "forbidden fruit" tactic. It's like when you're a kid and you and your brothers and sisters sneak out when your parents aren't looking and steal some fresh fruits and vegetables, but your parents knew all along and you find out as an adult they were watching you, happy that you were eating fruits and vegetables.
That's some Lord Vetinari shit right there.

I've read this story multiple times.  It hits close to home because I may be related to Mr. Parmentier.  
He Bugs Bunny'd them good.
in the land of the blind the one eyed man is king 
I was always under the impression potatoes became popular during the terror.  This was because no one wanted to seem like they were sided with the aristocrats (as in a counterrevolutionary) as this could lose one their head.  Essentially no aristocrat ate potatoes (can you blame them, there for potatoes were the food of the people.  viva la potato viva la revolution?
Hence the French Fry.

just kidding, I don't think I know one french person who would dream of putting one in their mouth.
Parmentier potatoes are a great dish. Recommended. 
Nooonono thats what Fritz der große did in order to popularize them in germany.
There is the same story in Germany with King Frederick II of Prussia http://niemann.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/10/11/the-legend-of-the-potato-king/
Smart bastard
All praise the taters.
does he have anything relevance to hachis parmentier?

This is false. France invented French fries and people couldn't get enough.

Duh.
This is kind of like the US/Mexican border ... to trick the Mexi-Cans into slaving away here in America :) 
Worked for marijuana, too.
"Known for: potato"

I hope this is what's written on his tombstone.
Funny, we have the same story in Germany with Kaiser Friedrich the Great.
I'm a bit suspicious of this as well because I've also heard this story about Russia
This made [potatoes au gratin](https://www.google.com/search?q=potatoes+au+gratin&amp;oq=potatoes+au+gratin&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.206j0j1&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=119&amp;ie=UTF-8) possible. THANK GOD!
Same story exists about Jonas Alströmer when he brought potatoes in Sweden. The story probably isn't true for any country, but it's interesting to note how it spreads between different cultures like this!
U sure he did that? 
The same story exists, but with "Friedrich the great"as king.  He did so to introduce the potatoe to prussia!
The old "you always want what you can't have" trick

I wonder if God wanted Adam to eat that forbidding fruit 
I love potatoes, thank goodness for this man
What he should have done was invent potato chips, put a bag in the cupboard and leave a note to his roommates not to eat them.

cool. lets do the same for renewable energy things. 
What's this called?  Something awesome like the "Illusion of Scarcity" or the "Perception of Exclusivity".  C'mon economists; elucidate up on this shit.
Hmm the same story is told about Frederick the Great, King of Prussia, since he lived before Antoine-Augustin Parmentier I thought he did it first.
Praise him.  What the hell would we do without potatoes?
Smart spud
As said, urban legend.
We have the same story in Germany, with Frederick the Great being mentioned as the culprit, and that he had to do this in order to convince his suspicious Prussians that potatoes were something worth trying...
And this is how bribes were popular also. But isn't bribing a guard who is hired to bribed also consider buying the crops?
America does the same with drugs do it can arrest more people, which in turn increases the prison population and thus makes America more of a competition to the sweat shops in Mexico.
Hero of Sasha
The same story is happening with bitcoins.
Wiki says this literally "known for: potato"
I want that job
"Sell me this pen."
Fun fact: I was at the Père-Lachaise cemetary last week, and Parmentier is buried there.

People put potatoes not flowers on his tomb. Nice way to pay their respects to the guy !

http://imgur.com/DzFyVI9
I love brilliance. It is so rare in the world.  It would be great if we had smarter people today, instead of a lot of people who think they are smart. 
wonder how the people who steal the potatoes know what part to eat.  they eat the stalks and leaves finding them bitter and toxic.
TIL reddit repeats itself every few weeks
Something is wrong with this. The same story couldn't happen in France, Greece, Germany, Russia and elsewhere. The Greek version at least has been debunked many times. [example in greek](https://sarantakos.wordpress.com/2011/10/12/potato/)
Reminds me of 'Cartmanland' 
You ever hear the story of Lobster?
HaHA ... history....
Same happened in germany
Latvia try this only was no potato in field, only forced labor.
Time to open up a store and call it ZoneShack.

Yes, we will be selling car electronics.
"Get in the shack" would have been a great jingle.
The joke is on Radio shack then because AutoZone is a better name than Auto Shack.
Get in the shack, Auto Shack.
I thought you could only trademark a word when it specifically applied to your market. Autozone and radioshack have nothing in common.
I glanced over the link.  It doesn't say if AutoZone won or not.  I searched for 
the result of this suit and couldn't find it.  Did AutoZone win?
[A New Name for an Old Business](https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1893&amp;dat=19881030&amp;id=S7EfAAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=Q9cEAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=3296,7808469&amp;hl=en)
Good on 'em! Fuck you Radio Shack 
Well look at that. Look which company is doing better now
AutoZone sounded better anyways
Some history from someone who worked for Auto Shack / AutoZone for 25 years...Radio Shack actually lost their initial lawsuit in federal court. Then Radio Shack began filing lawsuits in some of the 14  states that AZO was operating in at the time.  Using good judgment, and obvious foresight, AZO management decided to voluntarily change the company name and the rest, as they say, is history!
You think that's bad.  Try having any name starting with "Mc" (such as McDonald, McInstosh, etc).  Even if YOUR PERSONAL name is McDonald, and your business has NOTHING to do with hamburgers, McDonald's will sue you out of existence, if you use the "Mc" prefix in your business name.  They have somehow established that every use of any name starting with "Mc" is a trademark infringement. 
AutoZone sued. And according to the OP link, AutoZone lost. Summary judgment no less.

&gt; Defendant moves for summary judgment on each of Plaintiffs' claims. For the following reasons, Defendant's motion is GRANTED in its entirety. ... The Court concludes that there is no genuine issue of material fact with respect to AutoZone's dilution claim against Tandy.
Radio Shack (Tandy Corp) sold its Canadian stores (Intertan) to Circuit City and forced them to change their names to The Source by Circuit City despite that Circuit City owned the rights to the name. 
Radio Shack tried coming back into Canada and Interntan made them pay to use their own name.
When I was in college we had the domain theshack.edu. It was a bulletin board for student activities and such. About two years later Radio Shack sent us a nasty gram asking not to use the domain because it was their trademark. Of course we had no way to fight it so they got it. 

Assholes. 
/r/pettyrevenge
I dunno, I feel like AutoZone is  the better name here. 
Radio Shack deserve to go out of business.
Get in the shack, AutoShack, doesn't have the same ring to .
A good change! A good change.
Crap. I just renamed by porta-john business from Shit Shack to Extrusion Zone. 
The idea that a corporate entity can own an entire naming convention is absurd. So what, the rest of the world will just have to get by without any "shacks"?
In the 90s I worked at a small computer store called "Computer Shack" with about five employees. The bastards sued us. A little mom and pop shop. 
Powerzone sounds like the love child of Powerade and Myzone.
Bit sad really, I'm 56 yo and recall being a RS fan when I was a teen. Our local store was owned by a burnt out but brilliant engineer who decided to try retail. Higher ups pushed him aside due to his ridicule of newer products. RS's folly was wanting 'yes' men vs talent.
Radio Shack, fuck you. You let us all down.

- electronics nerds that used to shop there before 1995. Like me!
Blockbuster like radio shack lost the plot. Beware people as you get older don't turn into an old fashioned fart.
OP is technically correct in that AutoZone did sue. But Radio Shack also successfully obtained summary judgment. That is, AutoZone couldn't show their cause of action had merit. A lot of people commenting seem to think AutoZone won. 
Tandy did them a favor. Autozone is a far better name. 
And that's how lawyers get rich.
Why didn't Home Depot sue Office Depot then. Even if it was just on the principle that Office Depot is a stupid name. 
Get in the Shack! Au-to Shack!  

Really doesn't sound that great
radio shack won lawsuit in case you were wondering!!!!
Did anyone else read this and realize that Radio Shack is still around?
It's the ciiiiiiircle of life
Revenge is a dish best served at Radio Shack.
RadioShack is still around? 
Phil **Tandy** outlives them all...
et tu Brute?

&gt; Plaintiffs AutoZone, Inc. and Speedbar, Inc. (together "AutoZone" or "Plaintiffs") bring this action against defendant Tandy Corp. ("Tandy" or "Defendant")

Freakin' Tandy.
WE ARE AUTOZONE



WE DO NOT FORGIVE



WE DO NOT FOGET
There was an old ask reddit thread about what if companies' slogans were actually accurate.  The one for Radio Shack that someone posted was "Radio Shack.  You've got questions.  So do we." and for some reason it was one of the most genuinely funny things I've ever read on this site.
The joke is on Radio shack then because AutoZone is a better name than Auto Shack.
both of those chains are hacks
Haha and now one is hard to find, and the other sells overpriced car parts :) 
And they both put a lot of MONEYZONE into LawyerZone.
Revenge is a dish best served cold. 
Talk about holding on to grudges
I took a walking tour of Seattle.  They took us down an alley and pointed out that two brick buildings came together.
The guide said that after the first one was built the owner of the other lot took the first owner to court as he built his building two over onto his property.
First owner offered to buy the lot or even the two feet.  Second owner said no and offered to buy the new building at a loss to the first.  First said no and had to tear his building down.

Just as #1 finished tearing his building down #2 started building his and #1 made no move.  After #2 finished his building #1 took him to court showing he had built his building two feet over on #1's lot.
#1 refused all payment and #2 had to tear down his new building.
They both rebuilt.  Four building on two lots in just a few years.

Wonder if they got the land surveyors out for the last two?
Why not change the name to "Shitty cellphone store that never has the electronic component you need so you end up going to Fry's... Store"
"The Zone Remembers."
I think it worked out for AutoZone. "Get in the Shack" is a much less inviting slogan.
This is just pathetic and does nothing to further us as a society.
That's some sweet ass revenge 
I'd watch the movie about the board meeting where the newcomer with a chip on his shoulder and something to prove gives everyone a lesson on autozone's history and then says gentlemen... this is radioshack powerzone.
That's what they get.
Looks like they lost. Would have been sweet revenge.
People dont forget!
It's a petty fight
Yes but if you read on, they lost.
Somethin' somethin' cold dish.
I see this more in a brotherly way. Like at the end of the suit, I imagine them winking at each other like it's an inside joke. At the end of the day, they become buddies over this dispute.
Someone has been holding a grudge...
Wait, wasn't auto zone chief auto parts?
/u/trollabot Nitop

Sometimes i envy countries like China who have absolutely no regard for copyrights and patents.
Id just have waited till they died some more and bought them lol
As a former employee back in the 80's.. The rumor in house was that AutoShack had basically been paid off to drop the name, thus enabling them to start expanding.
They both suck
I work at RadioShack, and this is hilarious information. 
&gt; 20 years later

There is an old Klingon proverb: Revenge is a dish best served cold.

It is very cold.... *in space.*
And one of them later became bankrupt.. who really won the battle?
TFW when the Shack has been shacked.


Thus, their bankruptcy  
Oh, you want to sue us?  Can I have your name, phone number, address and zip code?      
POWERSHACK sounds pretty nice too...
Corporate post is corporate
Phill corp, he used to be big!
For those who can't be bothered to read the whole thing, autozone lost.
A double-edged sword like the Betamax case? (Sony defended copying devices in court, yet their media arm doesn't like the precedent for filesharing today; Sony often has competing interests as an electronics company and a media company)
Precedent is a magnificent thing.
Now Radio Shack is Bankrupt and AutoZone has the last laugh. HA HA!
I think Autozone is sueing PowerZone, a small business in Arizona. Saw it on the news.
Radio Shack and Auto Shack carried similar things for cars. That lawsuit was justifiable to distinguish brands. Now both companies evolved into different beasts, clearly distinguishable from each other.
I imagine someone at Autozone was just sitting in their chair thinking, "Soon..."
oh sweet karma 
My oh my, how the tables have turned.
I thought you could only trademark a word when it specifically applied to your market. Autozone and radioshack have nothing in common.
I really hope the lawyers referenced the earlier case during the process.
Time is a flat circle. 
but who was phone?


good story
so the parties actually settled both times! 
Guess who had the last laugh? 
Looks like that came full circle
Spiteful
I can't be the only one who gets exasperated when corporations get into legal slapfights.
Savage asf
Ahh, the old Auto Zone Sue-a-roo! 
RadioZone would have made more sense 
You know what they say... Karma can bite you when you least expect it. Damn.
haha. That is great even though I couldn't watch the entire cheesiness. 90s nostalgia and corporate silliness. 
What a bunch of tools.
The electronics department at The Exchange (formerly the PX), the big box on Army/Air Force installations, is called Power Zone.  Any lawsuits against the federal government out there?
"Spite never sleeps!"
should they sue Shake Shack? What about the makers of Caddyshack?
"Get in the Shack!!!"
Revenge is a dish best served cold, I guess.
GET IN THE SHACK, THE AUTOSHACK!
Get in the shack                          
AU-TO SHACK
I remember many years ago that they also threatened legal action against Bianca's Smut Shack, which I thought was pretty stupid.
[AutoZone 20 years later...](http://i.imgur.com/ByyXgKj.png)
"What goes around is all around" - Ricky
So petty.  So funny.
GET IN THE SHACK!

AUTO SHACK!

... It's just not the same...
Payback's a bitch.
Autozone &gt; auto shack  
they won :)
I remember when Radio Shack sued an early Web "raucous" chat site called Bianca's Smut Shack. The late 90s lulz.
They waited 20 years for their revenge, and it was so so sweet.....
There's a sub this would go in its like ultimate revenge or something like that, in it a dude knew his wife was cheating and got his whole family to walk in on it while he was supposed to be out of town for their birthday 
And look who went down the crapper faster.
So, basically, Autozone was fucked twice by Tandy.  Too common, unfortunately.   A small company in Portland named "Olympic Provisions" who makes salami and such was forced recently by the International Olympic Committee to change their name.  Seriously.  Fucking lawyers...
They certainly weren't friend zoned.
What goes around comes around.
What a power trip that must have been. The guy who remembered to sue Radio Shack back was in the zone.. for 20 years.
"Be nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down." -Dr. Martin Luther Vandross, Jr.
[deleted]
Ultimate karma comeback 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnddd which is still a thriving company with relevant tech?
To get the movie Caddyshack made Bill Murray had to do some Radio Shack commercials. Look em up they are pretty funny. 
Get in the Shack!

Au To Shack!




I'm thinking RS did them a favor.
The joke is on Radio shack then because AutoZone is a better name than Auto Shack.
Autozone sounds so much better than AutoShack...
Definitely something Tandy would do.
Radio Shack deserve to go out of business.
More like Vato Zone
AutoZone is a better name. 
Haha. Well looks like autozone gets the last laugh. 

Ain't nobody got time for brick and mortar electronics stores. Especially not one as shitty as radio shack. 
There was a restaurant when I was a kid called PizzaShack. I guess they got off easy. Awful pizza, though. 
I tried registering a business called "TheAudioShack" - it went good for about 2 weeks till I got a letter from RadioShack. They were smart enough to know suing me wouldn't do any good; but they were douchebag enough to tell me I had to cancel my business name.

So I went with "the.AudioHut". I guess Pizza Hut figured that was too different.
Yeah, and look who still is in business! Screw RadioShack and all they stand for, overpriced bullshit, junk electronics.
Ill just sue the world, cause yeah.
People don't forget 
How the fuck is RadioShack even a store still? They're fucking terrible
Autozone's RUTHless, kicking a man while he's down...
This should be looked in to.. Sounds like someone made out with a ton of money. 
Get in the Shack, Auto Shack
Revenge is sweet.

Hey /u/GotMoFans,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
I really hope the same lawyers were involved with both suits.  I like to imagine the AutoZone lawyers plotting for decades to get back at Radio Shack, to hand the papers with evil smiles on their faces.
i swear no one remembers when the Autozone in our neighborhood was called Auto Shack. Finally proof!!!!!!!
AutoZone sued my friends shop "Oil Zone"  in Illinois.   The shop eventually won because there wasn't enough evidence to support their claim that it was confusing to customers. 

http://blawgletter.typepad.com/bbarnett/2008/09/autozone-v-oil.html
Fuck corporations. Nobody gives a shit. 
...because fuck you, Radio Shack.  That's why.
Now looks who's out of business :)
How dumb. Radio Shack was within their right to ask them to stop using "shack" in their name. They didn't want people confusing the stores or thinking they were affiliated(which could be a problem for Radio Shack if Auto Shack ever became unreputable). Now, Radio Shack having a *section* of their stores feature the word "zone" is a different story. How does that affect Autozone? It doesn't. Unless Radio Shack focused on Powerzone in their advertising, there is almost no chance anyone would confuse it with Autozone. In conclusion, Radio Shack was trying to protect their business and reputation. Auto Zone was trying to be a dick.
This would be like Walmart suing Kmart because they both have mart in the name.
"Sorry sir, I can't sell you this pine scented air freshener unless you give me your address and telephone number".

Radio Shack made some really stupid business decisions over the years. AutoZone should be happy now to not be associated with them.
GET IN THE ZONE!

AUTOZONE!
[deleted]
Checkmate bitches.
Then the internet showed up and the kids had to go home.

Can confirm, they love telling that story about the first lawsuit in training. 
This is the epitome of corporate scumbagery. Sueing because you can, not because you should.
Bahahaha serves those fuckers right
Get in the Shack, Auto Shack.

Doesn't have the same ring to it.
What goes around comes around.
See? corporations ARE people.
SHADE

HA
I wonder if both businesses would get more attention if they both kept/allowed each other to have their original names, like a symbiotic relationship.  

People searching for things relating to cars could be exposed to Radioshack (giving them visibility) and people searching for Radio Shack could be exposed to AutoZone.  It's not like the stores are competing anyway as they sell different types of products. 

As a consumer I could careless as long as I find the store I am looking for.  And if it was the case above, I would now have knowledge of 2 places where I can go to get something if I need it as opposed to just 1.  I don't know, just a thought.  Makes sense in my head!
that is the pettiest corporate grudge ever held
Did you read the conclusion?  The case was dismissed with prejudice.
Then they collaborated to sue Springfield Armory for the use of the term ["Grip Zone"](https://gastatic.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/Springfield-Armory-XD-Sub-Compact-7-400x266.jpg).
Sweet karma.
I just like how the linked website is from something called "leagle." I enjoy the play on words. Give me more! 
Chief Auto Parts never existed.
clAAAHHsic
Oh how the turntables
There are other articles out there saying that psilocybin works by decreasing neural activity. This may seem at odds with the claims of this articles, so I though I'd clarify. Psilocybin works by decreasing the activity of inhibitory neurons working to "contain" activity in a localized area of the brain, which creates the hyperconnectivity described above.
What I have enjoyed most about taking psilocybin are the patterns you see everywhere. Beautiful patters. We have a lot of trees where I live, and I could stare at them for hours because the branches, the leaves, they all create this amazing 'waterfall' look, and the patterns seem SO geometrical. The parking lot even.. You see patterns in the pavement. It always amazes me to see the effects it does to your brain, and vision. Really is beautiful to see. 
My first mushroom trip temporarily replaced my stutter with an inability to speak without rhyming.  I liked not having a stutter, but only being able to talk like a Doctor Seuss character was surprisingly stressful.  I wonder what got connected to what to make that happen.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.livescience.com/48502-magic-mushrooms-change-brain-networks.html) reduced by 83%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; The active ingredient in the psychedelic drug, psilocybin, seems to completely disrupt the normal communication networks in the brain, by connecting &amp;quot;Brain regions that don&amp;#039;t normally talk together,&amp;quot; said study co-author Paul Expert, a physicist at King&amp;#039;s College London.

&gt; Scientists have long known that psilocybin binds to a receptor in the brain for serotonin, a brain chemical that plays a role in mood, appetite and sleep, but exactly how the drug transforms the whole brain&amp;#039;s pattern of communication isn&amp;#039;t clear.

&gt; In past work, Expert&amp;#039;s colleagues had found that psilocybin spurred the brain into a more dreamlike state, and that the drug decreased brain activity.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3tc5ti/til_magic_mushrooms_may_give_users_trippy/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~15524 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **brain**^#1 **drug**^#2 **psilocybin**^#3 **Expert**^#4 **study**^#5

Post found in [/r/todayilearned](http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tbvbq/til_magic_mushrooms_may_give_users_trippy/), [/r/Psychonaut](http://np.reddit.com/r/Psychonaut/comments/34145v/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/neuro](http://np.reddit.com/r/neuro/comments/2myn9n/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/news](http://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2lsgzq/study_shows_that_psilocybin_in_magic_mushrooms/), [/r/collectivelyconscious](http://np.reddit.com/r/collectivelyconscious/comments/2lqyjy/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/science](http://np.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2kpcg6/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/RationalPsychonaut](http://np.reddit.com/r/RationalPsychonaut/comments/2krioo/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/Tuake](http://np.reddit.com/r/Tuake/comments/2kui4r/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/JoeRogan](http://np.reddit.com/r/JoeRogan/comments/2kreib/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/ClocksStrike13](http://np.reddit.com/r/ClocksStrike13/comments/2ku0ev/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/mentat](http://np.reddit.com/r/mentat/comments/2krmng/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/Drugs](http://np.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2krmei/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/PsychedelicStudies](http://np.reddit.com/r/PsychedelicStudies/comments/2kpz4l/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/), [/r/shrooms](http://np.reddit.com/r/shrooms/comments/2kr9zl/interesting_article_you_all_may_enjoy/) and [/r/theworldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/theworldnews/comments/2krbbu/magic_mushrooms_create_a_hyperconnected_brain/).
-Did mushrooms

-started a passion for science

-5 years later, currently a medical student

I've done shrooms on multiple occasions, and I have some really weird experiences. Reading that the "connect" the brain actually makes sense. 

One time I took it I was in a big ass club. There was thousands of people there, loud music and it was pretty chaotic. I was with some friends, and I didn't want to lose them. So my brain actually managed to create some kind of "tracking" system on them. It was really weird but in an awesome way. If one of them got lost on me, I could just follow a kind of "color" trail and find him/her easy as shit. I went to dance on some kind of stage, and then all 3 of my friends were "glowing" in different colors when I was looking for them. 

The other time I was telling a story while tripping on shrooms. I had actually forgotten a lot of the details from that story, but retelling it on shrooms was actually like being there. Like it happened again. I have never before or after had such a life-like memory.
One time, I tripped with someone who was paralyzed from the waist down after an accident.

Unfortunately I didn't really get much from my quarter since it was too close to my previous trip so I ended up babysitting, but when they started kicking in for everyone else **his legs started trembling**.

Absolutely insane.

So what you're telling me is, when I'm tripping balls, I really can smell the color red, and taste the birds chirping?
My brother and I recently took some powerful mushrooms and I have to say as a non religious person, it was the closest I will ever get to a "religious" experience.  I had a trip where I was floating through space near the speed of light, taking on the form of a gaseous cloud or some such. I was able to see distant planets, galaxies, nebulas and the like, taking in all of their visual splendor. Time felt stretched, as though I was out in space for what felt like a thousand years. As I continued to float I eventually became sad. I could see all these great things but I could not touch them, hear them, feel them, taste them nor experience them in a "human" way besides just experiencing them visually. This saddened me and my thoughts began to drift back to earth. My trip abruptly ended and I came to in my bedroom. Thinking on it after the fact really made me appreciate the "little" things we humans have here on earth, the feeling of wind against my cheek or grass between my toes. As normally a glass half empty kind of guy it gave me a different outlook on life. It made me think what is the point of life if you cannot experience everything, every sight, sound, feeling, the good and the bad, all of it is part of the human experience. I had always thought that having an organic body, as a human, was one of our greatest flaws, I mean who wants to grow old and die? But now, after taking those magic mushrooms and my resulting trip it made me realize it is one of our greatest advantages as a sentient being and for the next 60 odd years or so I plan on experiencing everything that I can. From then on my thoughts have stayed here on planet Earth, in the now. I now appreciate everything around me just a little bit more. A gaseous cloud does not have shit on semi intelligent ape creatures such as we. 
I'm late so this will be buried, but if you've ever taken a psychedelic you might have noticed this happening in some capacity. The leaps in logic that you're able to make while you're tripping are pretty interesting. It feels like your brain is multiple steps ahead of your actual cognition. 
Have taken many a mushroom trip in my life and have figured out my perfect dosage. 

From when I was younger and we would pick thousands and brew up in a large mushroom brew, to later in life where I can get ahold of higher quality caps. 

I've had full trips where the wall has been illuminating infinite light beams at me, but that's not where my interests lie.  

I now take 2-4 grams and have an intense philosophical thought process but with very little visuals,  I love it.  Sometimes I just go up a mountain and lay down and star gaze as I think about everything. 

The most profound experience I had was when I lived in the north of Scotland,  during winter and my friend gave me an Xmas present which was a bag of shrooms. 

I got snowed in one day,  there was about 5 feet deep snow drifts, and icicles that were 5ft+ hanging from my house.  I had 6 dogs at the time.

I took the shrooms in a brew,  and I then went for a hike with my dogs in the snow.. At the time i didn't know what I wanted to do with my life,  I was in my early 20s and in the angst stage of life where I wanted to change the world,  and I'd read the news and get angry.  

Anyway,  walking my dogs the shrooms kicked in..  The laying down in the snow with my dogs and watching huge snow flakes fall from the sky onto my face felt great, I felt like I was one with the world,  my dogs,  the snow falling.. Then when I started walking again,  I found these huge icicles hanging from trees. I had the urge to touch them,  upon touching them I had this most profound feeling of oneness with the universe,  like my consciousness realized that I'm just an interconnected part in this huge reality..  Whether it's a distant star in a far away galaxy or water freezing before my eyes..  Its all the same material..  

That trip taught me at a young age,  to let go.  From that point on I could read the news and not get angry about things I didn't agree with,  when people were being ass holes or belligerent in certain situations I learned just to let go,  when people cut you off I learned just to laugh it off.  

In essence the trip taught me only to concentrate on the things that I can control,  I can't control high level politics,  I can't control how some asshole feels or his actions..  All i can do is make myself a better person and enjoy this small experience I have on this small plane of reality I inhabit. 

I subscribe to John  Lennons philosophy on shrooms,  I believe it was him who said people should take shrooms once every few years or so.  It gives you another perspective at analysing your life and helps you grow as a person. 

I really wish I could get them still as I am over due,  I haven't taken any in about 3 years. 

Edit: words

Edit: a few people have messaged me asking about shrooms,  my best advice i can give you is to only take shrooms when you are in the completely right frame of mind.  Any doubts or fears will be amplified when taking shrooms..  You  have to want to take them and want the experience to get the full benefit. 
This *exactly* how it felt the first time I did mushrooms. Like there was a pure connection between my thoughts and voice - nothing lost for the first time in my life. 

I'm sure it all sounded a bit silly to the people I met throughout the night, but it was extremely mind opening to me. I've done shrooms and acid well over a dozen times since - nothing came close in terms of actualization to that first trip. 

I don't do drugs anymore. 
My first time taking shrooms, I ended up in my underwear in the fountain outside my apartment at 11pm with my best friend baptising me.
My first experience with shrooms resulted in me seeing the world in a new way. It was all so beautiful. I felt connected to all living things. It was amazing 
That explains why I could taste sounds.
My best trip was when I was sitting in the old growth forest of Vancouver Island, BC. I was sitting on this giant tree root and looked up to the canopy, and I could suddenly see every single leaf on every single tree dancing in the wind. They were completely synchronized and seemed to "talk" to each other. The trees were also not just green, but fantastic streaks of purple and red were shooting out of them and up to the sky (almost like what an aura would look like).



I've always thought that maybe this wasn't a trip, but I was just seeing nature for what it really is, gaining a perspective of my surroundings that I would normally just blur out.
Full disclosure; I tried marijuana once; it tasted like wax and gave me a headache.

So understand my position as a veteran voicing frustration when we have natural treatments like psilocybin and ayahuasca that are proven to have long-lasting, even permanent benefits, after *a single use*.
Reposting a comment I made a few weeks ago on Psychedelics and depression (edited for relevance):

Psychedelics can treat depression.

No, I'm serious. [Research]( http://www.npr.org/2014/03/09/288285764/the-60s-are-gone-but-psychedelic-research-trip-continues) started in the 60's to use LSD, psilocybin, and other psychedelic drugs to cure depression, anxiety, PTSD, and all sorts of mental and emotional issues. Results were going well. These drugs were then placed on Schedule I status, marking them among the most dangerous and addictive drugs with no medical purpose. But lately, the research has been picking back up, and results, again, have been promising. Many people who have taken psychedelics report "spiritual" experiences and a renewed perspective on themselves and their situations.

*Mushrooms dampen the part of your brained which controls your ego: Your self-identity, self-esteem, etc. This is called ego loss. It's not that you really forget, it's just who you are isn't at the forefront of your mind anymore. You are no longer self-conscious. It gives you a rather out-of-body feeling. At the same time, it stimulates the part of your brain tied to emotion and memory. Many report remembering things that maybe they'd forgotten or just hadn't thought about in awhile. The result is this sort of third-person view of yourself in your own memories.*

For myself, I remembered a time I was innocently playing in my grandparents' back yard when I was a kid. I mean a little kid. In this memory, I had to have been 4 or 5. I saw myself playing a completely imaginary game I made up using only a stick, blissful and engrossed in it. I actually cried. I'd forgotten how it felt to be full of wonder, amazement, and excitement for the world going on just my own imagination. I realized how jaded real life had been making me. So I broke it off with my awful girlfriend, moved into an apartment by myself and begun some serious soul searching. 

In the time since, I've been happier. More at ease with who I am and where I'm going. Those little fungi started me on a path I might never have gotten to on my own. I won't say they alone "cured" me, I'm not a finished product by any means, but I know now that life is full of wonder and amazement, and you don't have to be a kid to going seeking it. Everything is beautiful, all you have to do is take the time to appreciate it. 

Those mushrooms gave me a gift. And honestly, I truly believe in the research. I think they can help people. 

I'm not saying go out and do it right now. But look into it. See if it's something you think might help you. It helped me. 

Tl;Dr Mushrooms helped me see the world like a kid again. It's a wonderful gift, and there's research to back its potential.
Try reading while on shrooms. You will know exactly what it's like to be dyslexic.
I was swimming and almost convinced myself I could breath underwater. Last second a voice said "you're not a fish, you can't breath underwater." Close call. Haven't shroomed since. 
I know most of you will think I'm crazy but when I was tripping and I went into a meditation and starting communicating with the trees telepathically. 
The several times I have shroomed I notice after coming down from the trip that my mind is so clear.  I don't have a thought in my mind.  No thoughts or worries about tomorrow.  Like I'm truly living in the moment.  I would like to compare it to something like reaching zen and being one with the world. It's a great feeling one I wish could hold on to.  I truly believe shrooms have medical benefit.  
&gt;"People who experiment with psilocybin "report it as one of the most profound experiences they've had in their lives, even comparing it to the birth of their children," Expert told Live Science.

You mean I can have that feeling without contractions, tearing my vagina, and 18+ of servitude? 
Everyone is born with many more neural connections when they are born, and connections are pruned until maybe 2 or 3 years old.  Maybe that's why babies always look like they are high.
Obligatory shrooms abuser here. 

Some of my favorite times have been on shrooms, but let me ask you.... What is money?

My friends thought it was hilarious to take me to convenient stores and watch me sweat at the register. I would walk in tripping and grab items and go to the cashier, but that's where the shrooms would take hold. I knew that it costs money in exchange for goods, but on shrooms the concept is vague. What is money? I know I hand this to you, but why? Why do you hand me money back? You handed me money and goods and I only gave you money? 

The clerks must've thought the weirdest of me trying to purchase goods while asking a million and a half philosophical questions. 

This happened probably once a week for a little over a year. The simplest tasks become a variety of questions. It's awesome. 

Recommend everyone trying them at least once. 
Shrooms are an amazing thing to experience. I have anxiety issues and for months and months after a good boom trip I'll be anxiety free. Puts things in perspective for me. 
How do I get to be in the study?
This makes sense.  One time I took a quarter of mushrooms and sat in my room in complete silence and darkness.  At one point I remembered a memory of asking a girl for a pencil in like 2nd grade probably close to 15 years before.  Nothing weird about the situation, it should have been completely forgotten, but there it was.  A completely useless and mundane memory from 15 years ago.  
I think it's best when some parts of my brain never meet
Psychedelics are agonists (activators) at the 5HT2a receptor (2AR). Layer 5 pyramidal neurons and fast spiking inhibitory interneurons express high density of the 2AR. This receptor transduces excitation of neurons. So, psychedelics excite layer 5 pyramidal neurons, and the net effect of this excitation is feedback inhibition of the rest of the cortex. The excitation of fast spiking interneurons gives rise to increased oscillations at the gamma band of frequency, which have been correlated with consciousness. The overall effects are loss of network integrity within the default mode network; increased gamma oscillations less constrained by sensory input (consciousness is more fluid, and this reduction in gamma oscillation constraint could help explain perceptual distortions, seeing things that are not exactly "there"); and uncoupling (specifically, un-anti-correlation) of the default mode network (active while introspecting) from the task positive network (active when engaging with the environment) (this un-anti-correlation could explain feelings of grandiosity, specifically the feeling of melting into the earth or feeling a sense of transcendence from one's body; the brain state of looking inward melds with that of engaging with the environment).

Got all that? This is a lot of fMRI and MEG data along with neurophysiology.
This is coming from a place of complete ignorance on the topic, but what would happen if this was given to someone with Alzheimer's? The way I understand the disease (my mother-in-law has Alzheimer's and is progressing pretty rapidly) is that it degrades the existing pathways. If this opens up new paths or previously unavailable ones, could this help slow the progression of the disease or would it actually accelerate it?
Ok boys and girls are you ready to have a mind fucking of eternal proportions? It's called The Tibetian Book of the Dead Revised by Timothy Leary. Take some acid and wondering why you can hear your friends thoughts? This book is for you.

edit: I recommend only experienced trippers read this book while tripping. Or at least be with an experienced one.
a safer alternative is "The Tao Te Ching" its wonderfully deep poetry that I cannot actually fathom unless i am tripping balls. I digress.

The one line that eternally mind fucked me was as follows. Keep in mind I had been up for about 2 days on a shit ton of acid. 

edit: if you do not want to go crazy on a MASSIVE AMOUNT of lsd/shrooms etc make sure you go to sleep after 24 hours or so. It will turn it off. It will linger but you won't peek anymore. I stayed up for 6 days and it kind of grafted to my brain.

"Concentrate  on the unity of all living beings. Now hold onto the center."

I went crazy on LSD although I wasn't a glass of orange juice. I was jesus tap dancing christ. Took me about 6 months to come down. I jumped off a 2nd story balcony because I needed to be "reborn". All I did was hurt my back. I proceed to the airport to go back home but I got there way to early and listened to Tool for 4 hours in the same terminal. (This was easter 2001 san antonio airport) I peeked, stood up, and started preaching (The Tao Te Ching). I was given a vision. 

This vision said that if we can all step through each other's shadow (lose our ego aka the thing in our brain that tells us we are separate from each other) then we all will attain a higher consciousness. 

Would you like to know more?
Psilocybin works by decreasing the activity of inhibitory neurons working to "contain" activity in a localized area of the brain, and *increasing* the neuron activity in the part of the brain associated with trees breathing and faces melting off.
One of the best experiences in my life.
Whatever psilocybin does, I've taken magic mushrooms about 3 or 4 times in my life, and I can honestly say that this should be the next drug that is worked to be legalized alongside marijuana. There would be no need for antidepressants ever again.
I am turning fifty years old in a couple of weeks. I am a mother who has raised four children. I wanted to try shrooms for many years, and decided to grow them myself five years ago so that I could have an experience. I didn't tell anyone. I ordered spores from some website, learned about pressure cookers and vermiculite. I grew a forest of shrooms. They bled blue. They looked like majestic phalluses sprouting from the sediment. 

I misunderstood the measurements. I ate three times as much as is recommended for a trip. I remember portions of the experience. Some of it is lost to the ether. I ate the fresh shrooms by myself ( don't do this, okay? ) and an hour or so later I was fighting my way through a deep fog. I knew that there were beings beyond some kind of edifice. They refused to allow me passage. I had to stay in this world though I wanted to understand why I chose this life.

It was a terrifying and beautiful experience. I know that my brain was dealing with the drug and that nothing I thought or felt or heard or saw was " real" but it felt so real. I wrestled with my own inner issues. I mind melded with my dog and understood his life of bones and meat. I became a train station, with so many people moving through my veins.

It changed me forever. I can't articulate what the experience did for me. Maybe the act of growing shrooms as a middle aged woman handed me something special. Maybe it was the chemical. All I can say with certainty is that I am more open, loving, and weird today. 
I lost a very close friend to suicide-- he shot himself while on shrooms. Does anyone have any insight into the prevalence of suicidal ideation/attempts during bad trips? 
The world and everything around us makes sense when your on the trip.
If you like the thumbnail check out /r/FractalPorn!
Probably explains why I feel like I understand the world on it, but can't figure out how to go downstairs and get a glass of water. I love shrooms.
I dont know shit about pharma-psychology but I do know that shrooms have a different effect on my brain than any other drug I've ever ingested. The trip is good and I would say it can be highly therapeutic especially when you're tripping alone but for me the best part is when you're coming down. You get this feeling like you've just stepped out of the best shower you have ever had in your life and you're clean in a way that you have never experienced before. I'm not quite sure how else to describe it because I dont have any other references to compare the feeling to, it is something I think pretty much every one on earth should experience at least once.
This is supposedly what meditation accomplishes, although I'd bet it's less pronounced, since the experience is less intense. On the other hand, there's evidence that frequent meditation can result in improved brain cohesiveness over time. 
i've had a theory about taking mushrooms that it allows your subconscious and your conscious mind to talk to each other, so this just confirms it.

i've always found that if i go into a mushroom trip from a not a necessarily bad place but more  of a lost kind of place, i come out of it with an answer to the question i didn't know i had and the drive to go after this new found goal.
When I was a graduate student I saw a talk by David Nichols (http://www.purdueexponent.org/features/article_10438280-2108-50e5-bbcd-02c9d6411ed4.html). He discussed ongoing collaborations with John Hopkins that included giving terminal patients hallucinogens. It was a really neat talk. 
I quit smoking after my first mushroom experience.  It took about a week.  When I was tripping, I tried to have a cigarette and it was awful, I hated it.  And then everyday after that, I smoked less and less until I just stopped. 
That's why I could smell number 7. 
When I first tried them, I took about 2.5 grams. The visuals weren't what I was expecting but the pulsating environment describes it pretty well. Also everything had a pattern and lots of fractals. I plan on trying to take a higher dosage the next time I try them. 
So, I have Asperger's syndrome, and Autism and all of its forms are generally thought to be cause by the two halves of the brain having fewer connections than normal and acting partially independantly. Would taking shrooms make people like me feel normal, or something?
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far. The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the light into the peace and safety of a new dark age.
                                                        HP Lovecraft
I feel that while on acid or shrooms the connection your brain makes us see the world as it really is. Some physics ideas make more sense seen on a trip
The first time I rode a bicycle with no hands I was on shrooms...aged 23
I have seen a paralyzed person move their legs while on mushrooms. They were understandably freaking the fuck out and I had to explain it was probably involuntary muscle spasms or something to calm them. it was amazing regardless of the reason
-Did mushrooms

-started a passion for science

-5 years later, currently a medical student

I know it may be weird to say, but I did shrooms once. Afterwards it completely changed my life and the way I think. During the trip I was thinking about life above the universe and other things I couldn't thinking about comprehending normally. I didn't see any hallucinations, but it was definitely one of my most memorable moments
I'm late and this is just a story about having wires crossed, but it's one of my favourite experiences. While also one of my most terrifying.  
I was at a friends cottage and we ate a significant amount of shrooms. We set out on our bicycles and sped along a dirt road that wrapped around a lake. A beautiful summers day. We sat on a dock chatted and looked out across the water. Then the warm fuzzy feeling raised from my stomach to my heavy eye lids. Trails, vibrant colours and laughter consumed me. Took me a while to notice an older man standing over me telling me to get off his dock. I looked to my buddy who lay on the dock eyes watering. He seemed uncomfortable and unable to move or control his laughter. I look to the old man and he looks at my friend.  
'Fix that flag would you?'  
I look towards the old man's gaze and notice a tangled flag. I reach for what feels like 10 minutes toward the flag. My arm elongated, my hand so far away, I'm filled with doubts that I will ever touch this flag. I do and it begins playing in the wind.  
'I guess you guys are alright' says the old man as he walks off.  
'We have to leave' my words seem unfamiliar. As though I'm not speaking them myself.  
We try to ride our bikes, but we stumble and laugh. We both find comfort in our clumsiness. We've lost the motor control to ride our bikes so we walk them toward the forest.  
The forest is amazing. It's so alive and vibrant. As we enter through a path our thoughts wonder and our conversation drifts.  
I'm beginning to realize there is no way I'm going to find my way out of the thick forest. I can't differentiate one tree from the next or the ground from the clear path. It's just one big breathing beast. 
'We should turn back.' My words are even more distant. Did I Slur? Was that me speaking?  
'Who are you?'  
'What?'  
'Why are you following me?' Answers my long time friend.  
He literally had no idea who I was. He stared right at me in confusion. I would normally panic, but I was lucid enough to just let him leave me there. I sat peacefully in the woods and just took it in. I couldn't control this ride so I'd just go with it.   
Every time I read stuff like this, it all seems to glorify tripping and never mentions the downsides.

In my youth I did a bunch of mushrooms. Most people I know in real life (as opposed to bullshit artists on reddit) that had access to shrooms, did them... until that last trip, when they decided not to do them ever again. We had several bottony majors growing them so we could get as many as we want, as hardcore as we wanted, whenever we wanted them. 

We fell into 3 groups:

Those that left the group, natural friendships fade, etc... so they lost access to easy mushrooms and moved on.

Those of us that ran into the inevitable "Bad trip" that made us give it up for good.

A few ended up psychological issues. One actually lives in a home now. 

Most of us ended up having bad trips and quitting. And if you think you've had a bad trip and it wasn't "That" big of a deal? You've never had a bad trip. I'd rather commit suicide than go through that again. It was the 7th level of hell. Literally, if there is a hell... it's a bad trip. I ended up in a hospital, strapped to a bed, blathering like an idiot. I wasn't just hallucinating, I didn't know who I was, or anyone else. I couldn't tell up from down. I took LESS mushrooms from the same batch I'd tripped on 2 weeks earlier. For some reason, something got flipped and things went south.

As far as the couple of us that ended up with mental health issues, They may have had issues to begin with. I wonder if they were trying to cope by tripping... but the tripping just made it way worse. I remember the one that ended up in a home was at McDonalds one day, total sober, and couldn't remember how money worked anymore. We all told her maybe she should go clean for a while but she just got worse and worse. 

I feel like most of the people that claim "They aren't that big of a deal!" are people that never really had the kind of access we did. They'd occasionally get some from a friend or whatever, and eventually they'd not know where to get them anymore, and they assume their 3 or 4 experience are typical. That's not the case, bad trips aren't frequent, but they happen. Once they do, you regret ever touching the stuff. Mushrooms are heavy heavy stuff, if you're set on doing them, don't do them in public or around family. I'd even recommend the scene from the doors movie. Go to the middle of no-where so if you do freak out at least you don't have to live with the consequences of what you said to that clerk at the bookstore when you thought he was Santa. 
Username checks out.
So you're saying... that in order to get to the next level of human evolution.... we all need to eat a bunch of mushrooms?
AND THATS WHY THEY HELPED US EVOLVE OUR BRAINS
Pretty thin article.
Taking mushroom can make you question what consciousness is and what you really are.

All the senses are completely different, including the sense of time, which make you feel like you're in a different body. One of the fun stuff is the synaesthesia, some sound have colours and some feeling have a taste.

But the most important is the alteration of your ego (self), you can think of something about you from a distant point of view. You can even think multiple things at the same time and even opposite ideas (ego split), which is really, really weird. Its like having two or three voice inside your head. There's also the ego-death which is the best thing in the world apparently but sadly I have never experienced it.

A trip can teach you a lot about yourself and your environment, which is great.
Get into an MRI machine while on mushrooms... no thanks.
I haven't tripped in YEARS, but the first time I did it with my close friends we were having a telepathic conversation regarding philosophy and our experience of the whole trip while in it. I remember an episode of Northern Exposure was on and it was if we were talking through the characters on tv at times. Strange, but true. That trip opened up my mind in ways that stuck with me for years and all I could about was that life is an infinite 'box within a box within a box.' I need to find that episode....
[Yah...](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-29975-Problem-Child-thats-the-whole-Wmlw.gif)
User name checks out.
As a person that has taken mushrooms, I will say it was one of the best experiences in my life and one I will forever remember. Im not going to say something stupid like you usually hear about mushrooms like "omg I saw some trippy shit"or something stupid because I didn't. But I defiantly feel that the effect of the fungus does open up your mind a bit without you experiencing some kind of "big epiphany" that you sometimes hear about. There was a lot of stuff that I noticed changed or was different about  me that I noticed and my family noticed afterwards (all positive of course)
My first experience on shrooms was at Knotts scary farm, I only lasted 25 minutes at the park before I saw demons in the sky, floating hands and swirling portals everywhere 
The reason your different parts of your brain work at different times is because you probably wouldn't be able to function if the whole brain was doing everything at once. You'd have your mind blown all the time but you'd never get anything done.
after 100+ adventures i can tell you it does something.

i am somewhere on the autism spectrum and i love the shit out of tiny doses.
My colorblind friend said that he saw green for the first time while under the influence of mushrooms. 
The last mushroom trip I had was profound. Once the trip took full effect I was laying on a hotel bed and the tan colored blanket slowly started taking the shape of a human being, the longer I stared at it the more I felt someone was lying next to me. After a while I realized the person laying next to me was actually me, I could see myself laying there, naked, and still. Once I accepted this I felt out of my body, I came to feel like I was in outer space and started contemplating time and relativity. I saw my life form from gases and matter that made up the planet, then die again and repeat, like life was on this constant loop in with the universe, dying, rebirth, and repeat. I felt connected with everything and when the trip started winding down I didn't want to eat meat or any mass produced animal product. I damn near went full hippy after that trip. The next day I went skydiving, my life was ever changed from that experience. I feel every once and a while, I am due to have a trip. Like it is something that is needed every once and a while when the time, energy, and place is right.
This doesn't sound like a benefit, this sounds like the same way you'd describe something short circuiting.
One time when I was on shrooms I felt like I was aware of everything all at once, and I completely understood how everything is connected.  It was so simple and obvious at the time, and I realized that I normally didn't get it because my thoughts were normally  like a single track and I was only aware of a couple things at once.  I realized that I was part of everything else and didn't actually exist as a separate being so I started saying 'it's all one' and calling myself 'the observer' lol my friends thought I'd lost my mind.  
So when I was rolling around in the dirt in a forest whispering "Everything's connected" over and over again...  I wasn't too far off?
Cool idea for inside out 2
Can we just agree that mushrooms are the best thing ever?  I think we should force feed ISIS militants copious amounts of mushrooms and drop them off at some paradisaical oasis with a bunch of new-age hippie stuff and tasty treats.
[deleted]
Is this why talking and formulating words can be really difficult while tripping?
I've done shrooms a few times. When i did, it felt like those thoughts that are in the back of my head got 'pushed' forward. It was really uncomfortable actually. Just things you want to not bother you taking up all the space you want to think about something else. Its hard to explain, but I'm sure someone knows what i mean.
My first mushroom trip me and my friend were way to high for the party so my friend who was drinking took us in a cab back to the hotel, on our way we stopped at the store.  While we were stopped there a man approached my friends window and asked if we were still using the cab, and he told him "uhh hhhh yuh huh" and he pulled out a knife and said " well you mind if i jack it and you? "  and he told him our situation, that we were messed up on " the magic mushrooms" and he was quick to apologize and tell us to have a good night. The cab driver was so thankful he gave us the ride for free 
So that's why it felt like I was having a thousand simultaneous conversations with myself.
Synestesia
I had an AMAZING experience on shrooms less than 20 years ago. I've loved them ever since, but haven't had opportunity to try them again. It's one of those drugs that I would LOVE to do again, but can't find. 
Explains why people often see things from new perspectives while tripping, and can come to deep introspective revelations they haven't had before.
The handful of times I've been fortunate enough to enjoy shrooms were some of the most captivating nights of my life.  If you're going to experiment with any drugs I highly recommend them.


I honestly feel like everyone should do it at least once.  You can truly see and appreciate life with a different perspective 
They are used to treat cluster headaches. There is no known cure for them and accounts of several sufferers say taking magic mushrooms once a month keeps the headaches at bay. Unfortunately, because of how this drug is scheduled, little to no authorized research is done.
I don't know much about science, but yall should take shrroms and watch Jurassic World. You haven't lived until you've felt Raptors in your teeth
whoever did that art work nailed it. 
This is why the snozzberries taste like snozzberries
One of those things that I sure wish was legal.
Psychedelic mushrooms help create neural pathways, I spent two weeks micro-dosing^1 which gave me incredible amounts of natural energy &amp; I was able to think quite clearly.        
            
^1: A dose to get high is generally 2 grams or more.           
A micro dose is a very small dose that doesnt get you intoxicated. I was taking 0.1 grams.            
My body felt incredibly in tune &amp; healthy, while positive effects to my thought process was very noticeable.
The food of the Gods!
Shrooms made me shout over and over to everyone in the room I was with 

" what's the elephant in the room guys "

Haha they thought I went crazy 
Let's do this. Been too many years.
Trees like moving when you're tripping. 
Is that thumbnail an image generated by Electric Sheep? 
Is there a sub reddit for shrooms? 
I can't get past the fact that there were 15 people willing to do 'shrooms  and then lay in an MRI.
i agree with this

&gt;transcendent trip can alter people's personalities on a long-term basis, 
This article is simplistic, about 43% accurate, and patently written by someone with no experience. "The drug decreases brain activity" Really? The whole thing bethought me of:

"A dope *fiend*, refers to the REEFER bud..as a roach. Why? Because..it resembles..a cockroach."

Except not as derogatory 
I just want to pop in to say that psilocybin mushrooms are incredible; everyone should try them once. That is all.
From experience,
It is probably the greatest thing ive ever done.  
Everyone should try psilocybin mushrooms &amp; LSD at least once before they die.

A truly amazing experience. 
As the messiah sez, [My Mushroom Cup](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0Xrkoznapg)
I got synesthesia  first time tripping.  And it's hard to describe but yes I could feel connections in my brain that weren't normally there.  
Psilocybin is the compound in mushrooms but the psychotropic molecule, the one that makes you trip/active ingredient is psilocin   
I actually took shrooms once, you don't see crazy hallucinations like believed by most people nor do anyone I know have had crazy hallucinations off shrooms. What does happen is your trip is based on your mood and environment. When I took them (4 grams) it all started  out very funny and giggly similar to a weed high, then we started getting philosophical talking about life, death, God and what not and soon I felt lost wondering how could heaven or hell be the rest of eternity based on a life under 100 years, I even started crying at one point feeling so lost. During the trip we kept making connections between things in life and its purpose, although we all agreed most of the things we were saying was just shroom talk. I ended up getting pretty drunk that nite to fall asleep. When I woke up I looked back and thaught of all the crazy things we thought of and talked about, but just glad I was clear minded again. Soon after I began to be less of the rebellious teenager type and became more logical, thinking of different perspectives of life. I began to draw more often and write things I would think of. I also began to read much more and focus on studies instead of getting together with my friends and doing things like smoke pot and drink. I now do very well in school almost all A's and also exercise often, I try to be much more positive than ever. I still believe in God but try not to get philosophical about life.
Shortened: shrooms made me a better person
Mushrooms gave me some of the best memories with my ex, lots of laughs,  miss you girl.
Mushrooms are something that should be experienced by everyone.
My favorite part about the drug is seeing people's true selves. I was with one kid I never really thought much of, and I realized how caring and loving he really was. A great friend just put into bad circumstances. Another kid I hung out with a lot just seemed evil—down to the core of his being. I still don't talk to him anymore.

Not to mention, I was in a big house, and each person (about 10) represented different biblical characters acting out stories from the bible and half of the house was heaven while the other half hell. The good kid was John the Baptist and the bad kid was literally Satan. He would just come up to me in a sneaky way and just say really mean things about people, or suggest kind of fucked up things to do. It was an amazing night and I learned a lot about myself.

Last thing—I looked at myself in the mirror in the "Hell" portion of the house, and suddenly my face turned really evil (like demonic) and swarms of hornets starting buzzing in my ears. Very quickly moved back over to my friends.

I'm not even a Christian.
Shrooms made me feel like I pissed and shit my pants immediently.  I then spend the next eight hours trying to shit 
Shrooms hyperconnectedness is indeed a thing. On my last trip I was confronted with every cold hard fact about life all at once. Too much, too real, and I couldn't get away from it. Metaphorically like being crushed against a brick wall by an iceberg composed of every detail of everything I know. Couldn't look my wife in her eyes because I thought she could read my mind and see all the hell within. No thank you. It certainly has therapeutic potential for many people, but I'm sticking with weed from now on.
If you want to see the best thing ever, watch the new Fantastic Four movie while tripping. If you want to see the worst thing ever, watch it sober.
[deleted]
I'd like to point out that psilocin is the active compound that causes the experience. Our bodies break down psilocybin and psilocin is the metabolite.
*Dude I can smell the color of your shirt!*

*That's nothing bro. I can taste it!  Blue tastes amazing!*
On a trip to Amsterdam I ingested some Copelandia dry shrooms. My brain was able to perceive things more spiritually. 
I took them when I was wasted. BIG MISTAKE. Saw matrix binary code and faces on the walls. Went outside.. it was pitch black but the grass was illuminated like Avatar. Paranoia set it, I was convinced I crashed and killed someone with my car drinking and driving. Needless to say I never had an experience where I was truly convinced my life was over. I love James Cameron. 
As an experienced shroom user, I can confirm that, at least in my experience, this is exactly how it works. Every part of the universe seems related, and I'd even go so far as saying it's had a positive effect on my life as a whole.
[deleted]
I can't tell you how it works, but I can say that when my college buddies thought it'd be funny to be dicks right before it kicked in.. It sent me on the craziest/scariest 4 hours of my life with awesome stories to tell haha.
I ate psilocybin, mescaline, and LSD at the time time and became god.
Magic Mushrooms live up to the name. Tired of being a muggle? Go out in nature and gobble a few of those
You should check out the Stoned Ape Theory 

http://www.lycaeum.org/~sputnik/McKenna/Evolution/

TL;DR: Magic mushroom may have led to the development of spoken language

EDIT: Joe Rogan gives a great explanation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUTgPOUdcLE 
You guys have some seriously bizarre trips on shrooms. 

I took what i believe was 3.5g and I didn't see shit. Very mild hallucinations when staring at wallpaper patterns and such. I was just laughing hysterically because we were watching old kung fu movies. 
Do schizotypal conditions work because parts of the brain communicate where most people's parts of the brain don't communicate? Like it fires to the wrong locations? And if so, what happens if people with schizotypal disorders take shrooms? 
Ugh. I tried magic mushrooms, and it was my first and last time. My freshmen year in college my roomates were into those things. Only thing I had ever done before that was alchohol and smoked marijuana once or twice. I was very against it, as I get easily paranoid on marijuana, but after falling into peer pressure, I figured what the heck. Bad move. Had the worst, most insane I am a mental patient trip you could possibly imagine. Maybe it's because the one guy who was going to do it decided to take them about 30 min earlier then me, and told me I had to go back to my dorm room because I was freakin him out. I was just sitting on a chair in his room. So I go back to my room, and soon enough it hits me like a ton of bricks. My mind was racing 1000mph, thoughts from every direction. I couldn't handle it, and even though I knew this was from the drugs, at that time, I couldn't convince my mind this. Psychedelics might be great for some, but not for me. 
Why did this get front page? I'm genuinely curious....I mean, how did the average Reddit user not know about people mixing their senses when on drugs?
Fuck that website. I had all kinds of shit popping up in my way of reading. Idk maybe it's cuz I'm on mobile.

Cool subject though thanks OP
Isn't this what all drugs do at some level?
"I'll take shit  I don't want to read after I just ate some shrooms for $200 Alex " 
Anyone know where I can get some shrooms? 
I discovered the Mandelbrot on shrooms.
I've never met another person whose had a similar experience but first time I tripped on mushrooms, I met what I can only describe as God. I was by my self and 15 minutes after the trip kicked in I had an experience of seeing how every action from my birth to present lead to that exact moment and that when something came through. I was an atheist. I don't have much interest in really discussing what happened or convincing anyone but I will say no religion comes close to what I met and now believe I we're apart of. No moment is going to top that in my life and its shaped a deep level of appreciation for every moment I have experienced after.

I know there's always going to be outlier's who have experienced something badly or through their own stupidity felt like acting on something idiotic was a good decision, but I have had nothing praise for what mushrooms can do. If you don't treat it like a novelty and actually respect yourself enough to make good decision on where and how your going to trip, I cant help but recommend experiencing a mushroom trip once in your life.
This could be quite beneficial to a majority of the population. 
That explains how I became trapped in an Oriental rug from my childhood.
[Mushrooms are an extraterrestrial probe.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XjEMQOBT3s)
Mushrooms are a gift, no doubt about it.

Tripping while watching snow fall under the street light is, out of all the crazy shit done, a memory that will stay with me until my time comes.
Yeah but the same simplistic explanation could be used to describe a seizure. Reduced inhibition and incredibly strong signals allow different parts of the brain to talk to each other.
Imagine the trip you would have taking shrooms or acid in the ISS looking out the window
Y'all need to get over to /r/drugs.
This makes me sad.  As the mother of an autistic child with sensory issues, I wonder if this, in some way, gives insight into what his sensory perception and experiences may be.   
I always fall back to the idea I've heard from many who trip often that they consider shroom trips like "being In the trip" whereas they would consider LSD to be more like "looking at the trip".  It always felt that way for me when I experienced the two. 

After seeing this post it makes a lot more sense. 
I've always said that taking mushrooms makes me have a personal conversation with my subconscious. Now it seems like that actually may be literally true!
The first and only time I did shrooms I stared at my fuzzy socks for a very minimum of 2 hours towards the end of the night when I was starting to trip pretty hard. I could see rainbow leopard print on them, then I could see every stitch, then I could see the fuzz expanding off of them. At one point the lines in my socks from them being sewed (I guess) extended off of my socks and mixed with the lines on the blinds in my lounge. It was beautiful. 
Here are some odd questions to those that have done it: do you feel like it made you dumber? Smarter? Did it affect your perception from then on? The way you think? Your recall?
This also makes me want to know what the brain scan of a person missing a brain hemisphere would look like.
I've written this up before but this seems like a good place to repost for an example of crossed wires... Dropped 12 grams of Shrooms in a 15 minute time period once, craziest 7 hours of sitting on a couch experience ever. Auditory hallucination like nothing I've ever heard before, for over an hour all I could hear was my brother and mom's voices constantly speaking but every word had no connection with the words around it, but at the exact moment it was happening I could pinpoint exactly when and where we were when they said each word, and it was all words from my young childhood 10-15 years beforehand. Also time passed by faster than I could keep track of, at one point I tried to write "Come out of it" on a post it note and when i came to the whole post it note was perfectly colored in by my pen. I don't do drugs anymore!
Here is a great summarizing statement from the discussion section of the cited article that was released:

"A simple reading of this result would be that the effect of psilocybin is to relax the constraints on brain function, ascribing cognition a more flexible quality, but when looking at the edge level, the picture becomes more complex. The analysis of the homological scaffolds reveals the existence of a set of edges that are predominant in terms of their persistence although they are statistically part of the same number of cycles in the two conditions (figure 5). In other words, these functional connections support cycles that are especially stable and are only present in the psychedelic state. This further implies that the brain does not simply become a random system after psilocybin injection, but instead retains some organizational features, albeit different from the normal state, as suggested by the first part of the analysis."
Something is wrong with my brain then... I only see horrific appirations and abject terror.
Yup. Shrooms made tying up my running shoes the funniest thing ever. 
How is no one talking about the post trip shits that happen? They are singlehandedly **THE** best bowel evacuations i have ever experienced.
I love mushrooms. Well I used to. Too old for that shit now.  
This has always been my understanding. When I read about neuroplasticity and pruning I realized we are born tripping balls and have to learn how to actually interpret the world as we get older. Mushrooms help us "forget" how to do that.
So THAT'S how I was able to smell purple. 
I could easily go on forever about my awesome trip experiences but the best thing is when you and a friend are on the same plane of thought to the point you're not talking out loud but somehow know/can hear what they're thinking. I also was able to feel a text message come before I got it. Like i felt the energy from the other side of the country and then shoot up into my leg, it was truly insane 
I feel like each time you take mushrooms, a new insight is unlocked. The first time I took it, It was like a veil was lifted and I was able to see the beauty in all things and feel tranquil in a busy environment. The second I took mushrooms I felt as if I could understand and evaluate without much conscious effort the intrinsic meanings that are behind and allow every process to fall into place. I'm hoping I won't go crazy after the third time, which might actually happen. 
Clearly, from what I'm seeing, nobody in this thread has had a bad trip off mushrooms. You could have 100 amazing experiences with mushrooms, but once you have a bad trip the fun and games are over. I was a veteran mushroom head, sold it for years, and I was in a sort of bad state of mind and atmosphere when I had my bad trip. Maybe a year or two later I was in a good state of mind and did them again and the thought of having a bad trip consumed my mind the whole time and I had an even worse trip. I swore them off after that.it sucks too because I miss the 30 minute belly laughs and giggles when its going good. So funny for no fucking reason
They also give you an All Stats Up.
what used to freak me out when i was much younger and tried psychedelics was when we seemed to be on the "same" trip
Last time I was on shrooms, I walked to a river by my house, but I didn't make it all the way there, and instead sat in the road thinking about how dope it would be to be/have a giraffe. Wonder what my brain was connecting there
I only did psychedelics once - horrible experience, but completely opened my mind and changed my life for the better. I had complete ego death and confronted/beat all my deep seated fears.
How potent is psilocybin in your average grocery market mushrooms? whenever I eat mushrooms for dinner I get really weird and vivid dreams.
Yeah buddy, straight up no word of a lie, **I HAVE SEEN SOUND BEFORE.**
the best part is literally anyone who's done mushrooms could tell you that
I have had some of the most positive, uplifting experiences while on a moderate dose of shrooms. I still do them every once and awhile, always in nature. Harbin Hot Springs was one of my favorite places to trip. The nature walks and the springs were so magical this way. I miss that place terribly.
I've always wanted to try psychedelic drugs but I'm really afraid that my trip will be scary. And I don't like when I'm not in control. I want to be able to say, "Ok I don't like this trip anymore. I want it to stop now."
This can lead to synesthesia, where your senses get conflated, like hearing smells or seeing sounds
Shrooms&gt;Acid 
I once took some "Golden Caps" given to me by an old friend. CRAZIEST trip I have EVER experienced. I got to meet Bart and Homer Simpson. Like actual, sat on my couch and talked about what it's like working at the plant and being a prankster at school, kind of talk. Wish I could find the same "shrooms I took again lol
I love psychedelics.  They cured me of cocaine addiction and crime.

Good death therapy too, sure.  I may take some when I decide to go.
and how would I get ahold some of these magic mushrooms

for science
So does LSD and other psychedelic substances affect the brains flow in the same way?
Reminds me of life with synesthesia. Man, I wish I could go back in time and explain to teachers/my parents spelling and math tests make me trip balls.

Seriously, they kinda did. Especially under stress, it's difficult to concentrate and the weird relationships get really distracting. How am I supposed to concentrate when there's a telanovela playing out before me? The division of nine (a navy colored, stoic number) from three (a golden mustard yellow, is stable, but a bit bossy, like Miss Piggie or Hot Lips Houlihan)... how on Earth could they made another 3? If 1/2 of the dna is from each, shouldn't the number be in the middle? Half way between the two, shouldn't they make a 6 (male, dark, translucent royal blue)?!
Love all the mushroom stories on this thread. Amazing how much wisdom and happiness comes after these trips, yet it is still a very illegal substance where I live :/
Okay, everyone is going to just think I'm nuts but I'm going to post this anyway. I'm not the best at explaining because I'm not a mathematician or physicist. The two times I ate mushrooms I saw everything in fractals. All matter broke apart into it's fractal inner workings. It was really similar to the thumbnail of this thread. The best way I know how to describe it is...well, imagine you were able to experience the next dimension up. If you looked out ahead of you, you could see everything that has ever existed within that space and everything that will exist within that space. So if you crossed into yet another level dimension you'd see and perceive everything that has, ever will happen and all possibilities that could have ever happened all taking up that same space. And I saw it all as a fractal. I thought it was pretty interesting considering fractals are so common in nature. I don't know. A physicist would probably tear me apart but hey, I guess it's good to use your imagination.
TIL magic shrooms = NZT
Yeah, that's a nice and funny feeling, but nothing compared to the profoundness that DMT will make you feel. That shit will connect you to literally everything. Sometimes I wonder if it brings the neurons in the brain into some bizarre quantum-mechanic state where the mind can truly experience infinity, but that's just my guess to explain the unimaginable. 
Has anyone had any time based effects such as time feeling like it endlessly loops and you are stuck in a moment?  I had it and it was AWFUL. 
For the record. Shrooms are more internal than external. Don't expect funky geometry, that's more lsd's area. Do shrooms if you want to learn something about yourself and your connection to everything around you.

All these people saying they see a bunch of stuff that's cool and all, but I've never seen much on shrooms beyond some waviness in the walls. 

Now REALIZING patterns I get! Shrooms do that to me... But some of the visuals described here are way beyond what I've experienced.

Edit: I pretty much recommend everyone do shrooms. Don't get disappointed because I said I don't get many visuals... My first trip changed my life forever.  It was the single most impactful experience of my life.
I experienced this on a MASSIVE scale recently. 

I would say I am an experienced mushroom monger, but this last trip was very different than all the others. As I was approaching the first peak of my trip, ALL my senses shattered. I literally felt my brain disconnect from my senses and just then my mind started to put everything back together.

I had inputs and outputs for each of my senses... Sight, smell, touch, taste, sound. My brain took a sound input and connected it to my sight output, smell to taste... etc... I felt the strongest sensation of Synthesis than I could imagine and it was damn interesting observing my own brain fix itself. 

This article makes sense now, though it wasn't much of surprise anyway.
Happy to see this on the front page. 
My best friend and I decided to take mushrooms and record music. We came up with a half hour recording of improvised ambient music. It was the most fun I have had in a really long time and was truly a magical experience. 
Anyone that has tripped extensively could have told you that. You feel things you arent meant to, the mind knows thing on acid and mushrooms that it cant understand normally. There is way more to the universe and the dimensions than our normally working brain can handle at any give moment
They inhibit the default-mode network, which is a group of brain circuits that are responsible for producing the 'self'. When the Dmn shuts down areas of the brain that don't usually communicate begin interacting, and we are transported back to that infantile stage before we developed a bounded sense of self, and the wonder we used to feel at mundane experiences returns. Pretty cool, some compare the experience to that of astronauts viewing the earth from space, it shifts your perspective in such profound ways yet explaining the new insight is impossible.
So if shrooms create a hyper connected brain and training parts of the brain to talk to each other is a good thing, does that mean shrooms are good for you?
I've read every comment. I did shrooms 10 years ago. Now I'm convinced to do them again and re-evaluate my life 
mexican mushroom and the van gogh museum in amsterdam.. one of the best experiences i have had in my life! :-D
We discuss this and other top posts of the week on the latest episode of [The Front Page.](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/3ua8p8/the_front_page_reddit_report_for_11272015/)
It is for this reason that I love taking hallucinogens. It's so cool to have that new mental stimulation. 
Magic Mushrooms made my depression go away permanently. I have never had it return since. Its clear to me that they are more effective then prozac and have a longer acting effect. 
You should post this to r/interestingasfuck too.. because it obviously is.
Supposedly people with anxiety and OCD have tried them and it gives them lasting relief from their symptoms. Even Johns Hopkins has done studies on it:

http://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/news/media/releases/single_dose_of_hallucinogen_may_create_lasting_personality_change

I've always wanted to try them. I've been on some meds for symptoms of OCD but I always end up stopping because they give me horrible side effects. I wish I could try the more natural option, provided I did it in a safe manner. I wish the US would grow up about the strict drug laws and let grown ass adults do whatever with the safer drugs provided they are responsible with it.
I heard shrooms aren't that bad for you. Any truth to this? 
Man, I remember one night where I literally thought my brain was growing. As it "grew", I felt like something was being pulled out of me. As it was, I had an out of body experience where I could experience people as they "really" were. I could see all the memories that I had made with a ton of people, as my friends wanted to go to the bars. I saw all the reasons why they loved me. I saw the dumb jokes I'd told people in class. The crazy things that I've said. The hugs that I give out. I needed that trip because I was seriously contemplating suicide at the time, but I realized that even though I feel like I haven't accomplished anything, I've made a big difference with people just by being there. Sorry, figured I'd add my shroom experience too.
But, if they see the pixilation, they'll know he's wearing handcuffs.
"Why is his hands pixelated?"

"He has penis fingers."
For the same reason you will very rarely see defendants in the US make court appearances in prison clothes.
Why does Japan seem to have this idea that blurring a small patch of pixels in front of something makes it completely unidentifiable?
https://i.imgur.com/QIth227.gifv
*Man walks in with hands pixelated*

*Arousal intensifies*
Opened the link and learned this instead:

**Use in BDSM**

"Police handcuffs are sometimes used in sexual bondage and BDSM activities. This is potentially unsafe, because they were not designed for this purpose, and their use can result in nerve injury (Handcuff Neuropathy) or other tissue damage. Bondage cuffs were designed specifically for this application. They were designed using the same model of soft restraints used on psychiatric patients because they can be worn for long periods of time. Many such models can be fastened shut with padlocks."


It's not an unfair point. Simply presenting the idea of guilt or things related to guilt can swiftly bias an audience. We've seen how polarizing footage and coverage can be.

Personally I can't agree strongly enough with countries that disallow _any_ kind of televised or broadcast information about a trial before its completion. The US is a goddamn clown show with how much we parade around and speculate and fuck with the process long before we even have any information. Not to mention all those great websites with mugshots of innocent people that are held at ransom to be taken down. Good stuff.
[deleted]
They should pixelate the faces so Kira doesn't kill them
Ah.  Pixelated hands = handcuffs = guilty.
"You really think this will work?"
We gotta try it, as dumb as it sounds 
"Okay. Judge Senpai may I approach the bench"

They should photoshop tentacles in place of handcuffs
I think this is very progressive and all the shit they do that shows someone in jail ABSOLUTELY affects the jury.
I actually got excused from jury duty for stating that seeing a man in handcuffs and county jail clothing does not make for presumption of innocence. The courts rooms are run by a bunch of retarded monkey lawyers anyway. 
...So this is still pointless. Any time someone shows up on tv with pixellated hands and being escorted by police, you know they're handcuffed and the implied guilt is still there.. The implied guilt will always be there, it's for the jury to set that aside.
With a 99% conviction rate it doesn't really matter.
TIL EVERYTHING in japan gets pixelated 
But...wouldn't pixelating his hands also imply that he's wearing handcuffs and therefore imply guilt just as much?
Why not just ban news from filming detained people being carted to jail or court in cuffs altogether? I see the intention, but it's kinda pointless when all it does is basically reduce the resolution, you can STILL TELL someone's in handcuffs..
I think pixelation works. It's one thing to "understand" that a guy is in handcuffs because it's pixelated and another thing to actually see it with your own eyes.

I think we would all like to believe that our perception and bias is immune to this type of stuff, like advertising, but it probably works.
ITT: a bunch of people don't understand how psychology works. 
I feel dirty whenever I see anything originating from Japan AND pixelated 
....the stupid shit i read
They do this in Korea too! As far as I know, they do this by covering up the hands with a black cloth. 
Same rule as in France. And for the same fuzzy logic.


You are going to get convicted if you are arrested in Japan. Defense lawyers rarely win 2% of their cases...
TIL Japanese men have handcuffs instead of penises. There's the missing link.
Is that why they pixelate penises and vagina? So that they don't imply that they fucked?
At least in my state (WI), they will have the defendant wear normal clothes instead of prison orange.  They also aren't handcuffed.

Unless they prove to be violent, or course.
So if their hands aren't in handcuffs they're not pixelated? So if I see pixels, then I know they're in handcuffs? Doesn't that defeat the purpose...?
Doesn't that defeat the purpose?

If wearing handcuffs implies guilt...

and we know that they pixelate the hands of cuffed people...

then it's safe to assume that people on trial with pixelated hands are cuffed and guilt is still implied...

If you pixelate an elephant, there's still an elephant there... it doesn't disappear... Japanese logic makes my head hurt
Out of fairness to the handcuffed person, they should pixelate everyone else's hands too.
Related story:

In my first year of studying law here in the UK I spent a week shadowing a Crown Court Judge (called 'marshalling'). The majority of the week was of a man accused of putting his hand up the skirts of a couple of 14 year old girls while they petted his dog in an alley.

Because he lived so close to the girls, he had been denied bail so was kept in jail up to and during his trial. That meant that he arrived at the Court room in handcuffs. 

The judge was very careful to make sure he arrived before the jury after every adjournment, and that his handcuffs were removed before the jury came in so that they wouldn't see him in handcuffs and be prejudiced. 

Once however the jury was brought in while he was standing in pain sight in handcuffs. The judge ordered them to leave immediately, and offered the defence a new trial with a new jury. The judge was 100% certain (talking to me in chambers) that the man was guilty, but was impartial and determined that he gave a fair trial. The man declined the offer of a new jury so the judge brought the jury in and explained to them what had gone wrong, why they hid the handcuffs and why the man hadn't been allowed bail. 

Ultimately the man was found not guilty by majority verdict. 
Why do they even handcuff white collar criminals?  Are they afraid they are going to grab a phone and make some illegal trade?
This probably has to do with traditional Japanese culture:
In feudal Japan, tying up a criminal (the equivalent of handcuffs)was considered an extreme dishonor, and members of the samurai class were never treated this way.

Instead, they made a distinction between tying someone up with or without knots. For samurai who had yet to be convicted, they made elaborate knot-less lassoes that bound them without full dishonor. This skill is the source of those Japanese rope-bondage videos you definitely never watched.
I'd trust a guy with pixelated hands even less than someone in handcuffs...
I can't be the only person who misread that name "Kobayashi Maru".
Although I agree that the pixelation of the hands is dumb, I do agree however thats the handcuffs do makes you look guilty to a jury. Expecially when a defendant is handcuffed to a table or the floor.
Wouldn't they know if they were handcuffed if it was pixelated? Or do they just not know about this law and think he has dick fingers
Just like a dick or vagina, just because it is pixelated doesn't mean the public doesn't know that is really going on there. 
But then people know pixelated hands means they're in handcuffs, not to mention the posture would give it away, people don't normally walk as if the hands are tied together.
God damn that is so Japanese.
This is a problem with every trial. Even every police stop. It is impossible to remove bias and prejudice from the justice system. 
[deleted]
Can't the jury see the handcuffs anyway?
good dog
But doesn't the jury see him in person? Do they pixelate reality?
That country has some, uh, odd pixelation in general.
But, if they see the pixilation, they'll know he's wearing handcuffs.
This guy is often referred to as Japan's OJ Simpson. He was suspected in killing his prior girlfriend as well. The Japanese supreme court overturned his conviction there for killing his wife because they couldn't prove any conspiracy as the shooter (in LA) was never found. But later he supposedly killed himself in jail in LA when the USA extradited him on a trip to Saipan. Some people think he was knocked off though, perhaps in order to prevent him from identifying the co-conspirator. 
I think I'd rather appear in cuffs than appear to be "whipping out my dick" or something.
It's just to make it even easier to masturbate to criminal trials.
I mean one one hand.

fair enough. humans are emotionally driven and logically flawed when emotions take over

on the other hand

courts are supposed to be un-emotionally and purely logic/evidence based.

humans you weird fuckers
So all those genitals in Japanese porn are accused of crimes?
This must be the same reason they have to pixilate their dicks too. 
Yeah but the conviction rate there is still something like 99% anyway. 

If you go to trial in Japan, it's because you're guilty. /s
And they pixelate genitalia in porn. You just can't understand Japan. 
And here in the good old USA we tend to not only release the name and address of people arrested but convict them before they can even go to court.

Those unfortunate enough to not be born with a silver spoon up their butt even get the benefit of not having to go through the trouble of exercising their constitutional rights and get a shortcut to guilty known as plea deal.

What a wonderful country we live in!
japan gotta censor everything smh
japan gotta censor everything smh
What is with the Japanese pixelating things?

yet "looks discrimination" isn't a thing, yet.
I'm pretty sure that the same case, or the same logic applied to the case, made it illegal for news crews to show the face of anyone being arrested/led into court, and why most often police will cover the person's head/face with a coat or a bag when transporting them.
Brilliant. We must also keep the accused out of the courtroom, as this also implies guilt.
So, seeing a woman get penetrated would imply she's having sex?
In Korea, we just cover the handcuffs with a towel. They're just drying their hands!
We do a similar thing in the US.  If a person on trial is shown on TV and he is wearing prison garb, they wrap a towel around his neck, like a bib, over the prison outfit.  This is basically for the same reason.
There are similar rules in Canada. You aren't supposed to show suspects handcuffed in the press or you can be sued for defamation. But pixeling is not the solution.
Handcuffs don't equal guilt, they equal being under arrest.
SO is this why I can't see Japanese pussies and penises? 

edit: I'm sorry Japanese vaginas and penises?
Well, that sounds reasonable. It's a way to minimize bias before case being discussed. But JP hadn't introduced jury system until 2009 so with or without handcuffs, public opinions shouldn't have affected trials much.. I guess it's a JP law's nature to be almost overly sensitive. I think it's cool.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lay_judges_in_Japan
i guess the same rules apply to cuffs as they do for muffs.
I bet this Kazuyoshi laugh like Kira when won this case
relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perp_walk
Pixelation, the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems.
That's a brilliant lawsuit. 

Don't know if it's a good idea though
Ugh, Japan...they try so hard to be logical, but end up being completely ILlogical
Japan and their pixels. 
OR he has his dick out if he's handcuffed in front
From the country that brought you censored genitals in porn, but allows graphic depictions of hardcore tentacle rape in print.
That's a really fucking token effort there, senpai.
This is the way it should be done. Innocent until PROVEN guilty.
Japan is weird, just weird.
So that's why all those Japanese movies I watch have the ladies pixelated... They are wearing handcuffs. 


But why are they on their faces???
It'd be nice if we could avoid having the media spread assumptions of guilt before a person's case is even tried, but I guess that happens no matter where you go. &gt;_&lt;
He's just smashing off some tentacles. Nothing to see here.
when i was in korea, i'd watch the news and in all the cctv footage, everyone's whole bodies were pixelated that i couldn't even see what was going on.
So do they just kind of suspend their disbelief at that point? Because, it's kind of obvious what's going on, same when they used to put a little drape or jacket over the cuffed hands. 
Haha same thing they do with porn. Like I appreciate not seeing the thing but we all know what's going on. 
I agree I'm against defendants in jumpsuits its bullshit. No I'm not being sarcastic
That explains that... other thing. 
Man, japanese people are fucking weird.
He shouldn't have done it then
Same in France.

The videos showing the arrest of Dominique Strauss-Kahn in Washington were considered as pretty shocking here.
Oh.. I thought he was holding a penis or something..
I think that what most people in this thread are missing, is that this helpfully reduces the importance of the "perp walk," which is something obnoxious that prosecutors stage (in the US) to deliberately make you look like a criminal.  

It's not like Japs are dumb and have some stupid backwards ridiculous law, this law has an actual point that most people don't grasp.  This is a sign of a higher level of civil rights for the accused.

Part of the problem is the result of the fact that justice is political in the US, which means that the prosecutor is graded (favorably) based upon the number of convictions he gets, regardless of how much crime is (or isn't) happening in his jurisdiction.  
In Belgian newspapers a suspect's face is blurred until he is found guilty.
Love that Japanese logic. Just pixelate it and you cant tell its a ~~dick~~ handcuffed person.
Whereas a well-known trend of pixelating someone's hands while in handcuffs will create a reliable barrier against adverse inference in court. This works just as well as a limiting instruction in United States court. 

Source: Law student in the United States. 
Censoring is for the innocent (kids) so they don't learn from that.  Not for you perverse individuals who already know it all. 
Yeah its the same shit with their porn 
Kind of the same in Ireland, you can't show handcuffs in press photos either for similar reasons 
People will instead think he's got his dick in his hands
This seems to be Japans way of Streisand effecting things.
I was arested and they put cute gloves over my hands whenever we went to do clinic visits. Nobody had a clue... nope the guards even dressed in plain clothes... they are pretty discreet this way... getting deported they took the cuffs off which seemed like a nice gesture... I was happy to be able to wave a free middle finger to the guards as I boarded.
Why do you have to wear handcuffs when on trial in Japan if you aren't yet convicted? 
Why am I reading posts from 18 hours ago

interesting...
We endorse this concept in some states of the US too, for the same reason.  Defendants  on trial are often not allowed to wear handcuffs when in the presence of their jury. 
http://imgur.com/FxxxtR4
This is the same in Korea. I just learned this a few hours ago....so weird
this applies to s. Korea too. 
Good thing Japan's conviction rate is 99%.
Here in Brazil, when a person goes to trial for committing homicide or any other crime against life, they cannot appear in front of the jury wearing handcuffs, for it makes them seem guilty, influencing the jury's decision. 
We discuss this and other top posts of the week on the latest episode of [The Front Page.](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/3sgfpq/the_front_page_reddit_report_for_11112015_good/)
We (in America) should really just ban any reporting on criminal cases until they are completed, since the media seems to jerk off to implied guilt, and the viewers just go with it. Its always some shit like "Such n' such is ^^allegedly a pedophile. We have absolute, 100% confirmation that such and such was ^^accused ^^of raping several children.  

Then when the defendant is found innocent, they either don't report on it or say it as quickly and as quietly as they can. 
If I remember correctly, tentacle-armed criminals aren't pixelated when shown on tv 
Why is there SO MANY reddit posts about Japan lately?
Don't Japanese cops have something like a 98 percent conviction rate?
I served on a jury last year and there were a bunch of weird breaks randomly in the trial where the entire jury had to get up and leave and basically just stand out in the hall of the courthouse for a while until they brought us back in. Later I found out it was because the defense council was needing to move the defender from one position to another (or in and out of the court room) and they didn't want the jury to ever see that he was handcuffed. During the trial he was sitting with his hands out of view under a table so we couldn't see. I never even suspected that he was in handcuffs the whole time.

He ended up getting off innocent even though he was guilty as fuck (IMO) and it wasn't until afterwards that they revealed the reason why we kept getting shuttled around. Shit works, apparently.
This is a pretty stupid case, obviously if you are on trial you have been arrested.
So... Umm... Uh... Are... are there handcuffs on japanese vaginas? 
seriously the criminals get more protection then the victims and not just in japan, everywhere
If being in handcuffs makes you feel guilty, then guess what? You're guilty. And pixelating a person's hands in no way hides the fact that they're handcuffed from viewers. So the whole thing is completely ridiculous.
Those are his tentacles 
That's pretty nice.  In America it's guilty upon arrest.  They'll toss your mug shot up on tv or in papers and good fucking luck trying to prove otherwise.
guys, these people pixelate semen , this isn't that weird. 
I like turtles.
And groups large enough to span the sidewalk move at roughly one-tenth their normal speed.
When I am alone I walk at 140% 
"Ah fuck he's walking faster than me.  Better speed up."  
*"Sonuva bitch is he speeding up? Get back here..."*  
"Goddammit, here he comes again."  
*"Like hell you're beating me!"*
What about when you're with two other people and you're ALWAYS the one who ends up behind the two while the other two are chattin' away next to each other. You're like the loser third wheel. Is there a study that shows how big of a loser you are, because I'm certainly that loser all the time.
So when I'm walking with my friends and think that I can barely keep up they are all thinking the same thing too?
My gf walks super slow. I totally love her, but man is it hard to slow down that much. I have to slow down by at least 50% to stay next to her.
&gt; women walking together move the slowest

As everyone who has ever walked behind a group of two or more women already knows. 
&gt;women walking together move the slowest

Teenage girls are the worst at this, the amount of times in college that I was stuck behind a row of girls who blocked the entire corridor, walking at a snail's pace.
Q "And when men walk with women they're not interested in?" 

A "I said walking speed, not running speed"
Fuck the people who walk three abreast, really slow, blocking the whole fucking sidewalk.
&gt;men walking w/ male friends moved at speeds faster than either man’s preferred walking speed.

this is fucking hilarious
Shit, I've never found myself walking with another person at *more* than my preferred walking speed. My preferred speed is "get the fuck out of my way".
So I have a 'new' idea for an App..

Basically just add a pedometer (counts steps, doesn't measure how much you like children).. After you have your regular walking pace set, it can track how much slower or faster than usual you are walking. 

If you tracked who you walked with it'd be like tracking how you subconciously feel about each person. Call it 'Step-by-Step Relationships' or something.

  
Dudes even compete while *walking*.
Or if you're my dad when I was a kid, you walk half the speed of light, dragging your little kid through the shopping centre.

Anyone else have a dad like that? Call me, we'll talk about it. 
My ex-husband must have never had any interest in me since he always walked much MUCH faster than me. I had to jog to catch up with him. 
When I was in nyc I found myself walking extremely fast when I had nowhere to go. Everyone there is so quickly paced.
"Look at this damn motherfucker trying a outrun me, I'll show him what's what"

"Oh fuck this guy wanna race? I'm not dicking out, I'll out run this bastard."
What about people walking in crowded buildings and hallways?

Fuck highschoolers. My highschool was the mecca of slow walkers. 
What about a woman walking with a man she is interested in?  

My walking speed has definitely gone up trying to chase down my SO
That's bullshit, my friends walk like fucking turtles. 
And when you're 6'2 with really long legs almost everyone else slows you down by 50%... I hate going anywhere with family and friends, and everyone in Wal-Mart is a speed impediment, especially living in Florida! 
Maybe men walking somewhere together are in a hurry to get there, and women moving somewhere together are more interested in the conversation than the destination?

Essentially like the way telephone conversations men and women have tend to play out.
This is all exactly in line with my experience.
Does this account for the fact that women are, on average, shorter and have smaller strides than men?
One time I had the opportunity to take a leisurely stroll with Usain Bolt and both of my hamstrings exploded.
Jesus, apparently I never cared that much for anyone I've dated... Fuck it, I get shit done!
But what if you already walk faster than anyone? D:
Black people speed in my high school hallway has to be the slowest
What about men who are walking with men they like? 
My testosterone levels are challenged by other pedestrians, I am the fastest walker! my testosterone is the bestest!
What happens when you're walking with a male friend you're interested in? ;)
I always think it's interesting when primal instincts are apparent in subconscious action. We've invented the internet and have recorded more information in the short 15 years of the 21st century than the rest of human history combined.

Yet men still subconsciously compete to become the alpha male, and act in a way that will best allow them to procreate when in the company of a potential mate.
All through school I felt like I was watching a train pass if I got stuck behind a couple black girls. 
I noticed this when walking with a group of male friends.  Eventually I just forced myself to walk at my own pace and let them trot off to wherever we're going.  You'd be surprised how much butthurt it caused them.
It's a well known fact that when you're walking by yourself that other people will instinctively walk incredibly slow and form a wall up to 4 people wide just to fucking piss you off.

I've got shit to do you slow motherfuckers. Get off your fucking phones and don't stop in the middle of a fucking hallway, flight of stairs, or any other fucking chokepoint just to chat with that person you'll see later. 
As a female, I hate going anywhere with any of my female friends. I'm always at least a foot ahead of them, and if I actually want to walk next to them, I have to saunter at some ridiculous turtle speed. I also live in New York, where walking slow is particularly hated. 
[Makes sense.](http://imgur.com/gallery/BDfVm)
&gt;men walking w/ male friends moved at speeds faster than either man’s preferred walking speed.

only when sober
You ever start walking and like, you're walking really slowly and need to stop because of people in front of you but for whatever reason the momentum feels like you're trying to stop yourself at 100mph with one decent brake pad in 10 ft? End up damn near plowing through the people in front of you.
So basically when women walk with each other or a man and woman they slow down because they want more time together. But when two dudes walk with each other it will turn into a competition. 
&gt;men walking w/ male friends moved at speeds faster than either man’s preferred walking speed

Can't say this applies to me. Probably because my regular walking speed is *way* above the average, so I have to slow down when walking with just about anyone, male or female. And even then I find myself realizing I'm getting ahead of the group if I don't constantly focus on matching their speed...
Then there's tourist, who somehow manage to move slower than spacetime should allow.
What does it mean when you're the one who always ends up walking behind the rest of the group?
A group of Asian girls will slow their walking speed by 98% when reaching the widest part of an area. They will then expand to the edges of the room, hindering faster walkers and making them unable to pass.
Honey, hurry up!
Actually, walking with selfie sticks in Manhattan makes you the slowest
This kind of stuff makes me think what other actions might be different depending on who we are with. 

I feel like that sounds weird but I think you guys know what im trying to say. 
is this why women hurry away from me when I pull my pants down in the supermarket? I always thought it was a pretty effective method of seduction
groups of men walk comically fast 
Thumbnail looks like a group of people trapped in clamshell packaging.
I tend to walk briskly, but I have very short legs. Part of what led me to realize that my boyfriend wasn't into me anymore was the fact that he no longer slowed his pace to meet mine. 
Besides for the purpose of creating or settling arguments, I don't see a purpose for this study.
and they all need to get the fuck out of my way.
How are we supposed to get anywhere quickly in heels? Riddle me that, society. 
TIL We (men) do dumb shit when we are together. 
I walk slower with my women friends, or women in general, because they are smaller. Nothing to do with like or dislike.
7% seems low, and I think there are a lot of problems with applications of the findings-  the study dealing with the 7% figure has 22 individuals, and imply all are part of 'a relationship', which means only 11 couples.   As far as same sex friends, it is hard to tell if the main article is drawing from the same study, but n=6 and 8 for those, which is a bit too low for much of anything.  I'd imagine controlling for height differences would remove any relevant variation, something the abstract seemed to not mention. 


 Further, they are walking specifically for the sake of walking, not to 'go somewhere'.  An observational study would be better, but may have problems with ethics/consent and whatnot- im rusty on that stuff.  The current seems not very valid.

It just seemed strange because I walk way faster when with my girlfriend, as we are often late/cold/being rained on, and I want to encourage her to move it.  A more interesting study would probe who sets the pace in same sex groups and why.  
It's funny to think that someone was paid and given research grants to study walking speeds according to gender. Yet NASA is being defunded.


TIL I walk faster than the majority of my gender. 
Wait... Am I a man?
Man+Woman= "If I slow down, maybe I can see her ass"

Woman+Woman= "Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah."

Man+Man= "I can walk faster than that bastard!"
Interview question: What is the fastest way to get 3 men and 4 women casually across a bridge? Bam.
he walks really fast around me.

should've answered my question a loooooong time ago lol
When it comes to black guys walking in pairs, it seems to be a contest as to who can walk slowest though
Be aware, the study only used 22 people and they only walked 100 meters.
I feel like everyone subconsciously knew this.
Am short girl with short legs. Everyone walks faster then me. 
Funny. I've actually noticed this. I just assumed it was a intentional cultural decision.

Interesting.
Check out the book *Slowness* by Milan Kundera.  
Walking with anyone I'm always having to walk below my preferred walking speed. I like to walk quickly.
And then there is my boss who is a Racewalker. No really he picked it up in collage. Don't know if he is always in a hurry or training at work 
TIL That's why soldiers march
NYer here, we walk faster than L.A. Saudis drive Lamborghinis.
I do tend to walk fast on myself, guess it's just less distractions and when I'm on my own I'm more intent on reaching my goal 
"Women walking together move the slowest"... But not nearly as slow as people moving in... fairs.  They move like a sloth stuck in molasses and I just want to get my tenderloin and leave
Hey, I learned this today too! But from an old episode of Edumacation. That's a fun coincidence.
The most interesting fact is that black peoples' movement speed is lowest when crossing the road while someone is waiting on them to pass. On average it's less than half the speed of other ethnicities. 
And people who have been in the military walk, then realize everyone they were with is 50 paces behind them and have to wait for them to catch up. 
And beautiful women walk faster than Usain Bolt.
That last one is kind of hilarious.
Man, that explains a lot. Once I went on a date that consisted of walking around the city. The guy was always like 20 feet ahead of me, like wtf? It was fucking humiliating.
So a group of girls are walking down the street... two guys catch up quickly and one of the men notice a girl he likes in the group. They pair up and pull ahead while the guy on his own is already gone and the rest of the girls are left behind. 
That must be why I am always bitching at people's walking speeds. 
TIL I'm a dude. 
tl:dr women are shorter than men on average, creating a shorter gait while walking comfortably, thus women walk slower. Although the man vs man walkoff effect is pretty funny and I would be interested in further studies. . . 
Well women do usually have shorter legs than men as well 
me walking with my four year old daughter

"FUCKING MOVE YOUR FUCKING LEGS YOU LITTLE SHIT! I NEED TO PISS"

Did they include parents and kids in this study?
europeans walk the slowest, and intentionally block the sidewalks
So my husband walking super fast with me means he's not interested anymore? :(
As a female.... I sadly am guilty of this with my girlfriends. 

Fret not, I'm usually alone.
There was once a friend in our group called fast Paul, the guy was huge like a lumbering tree. Whenever we'd walk somewhere he'd slowly fall way behind, usually by about a quarter mile by the time we were approaching our destination. Luckily for him his great great grandfather must have been an old Hammer horror mummy because by the time we got to where we were going he'd fall into step right beside us as if he hadn't ever lost pace. 

To this day I'm still not sure how he managed it or how we would never actually see him catch up.
Well men are taller than women shouldn't that be taken into consideration?
Was height factored into this?
women stop and enjoy the scenery, men dickwave at being the fastest.

see? you can spin this however way you want to.
Men on average are 15-20% larger than women.  If you have a longer stride, you have to slow down to match someone elses pace.
Woman here. People tell me to slow down all the damn time.
I've definitely noticed this to be true of me, anyway. When I'm with male friends we tend to walk fast and talk fast - it isn't a competition, it's just a subconscious kind of thing.
As a man, my walking habits changed dramatically by living at college.  Speed walking across campus to make my next class was like a cardiovascular challenge. Even when classes were close walking fast gave me enough time to get to my desk and flirt/study sooner.

Now I see walking slow as a waste of time where I could be doing something more productive.
This makes sense if you rank it in order of how much they want to talk to the person they are walking with. As to the speed alone, consider that a neutral control sample.
Dude. I've always noticed this. I always walk at a leisurely pace when I'm with my friends and they're always like in some weird secret dick-measuring fast pace, they're always ahead of me. *Relax*, guys.
As a mailman, everyone I walk with complains that I am on some urgent mission. 
I walk fast as fuck no matter what. All of my girlfriends got irritated with me
Men who like the women they're talking to slow down to spend more time with them.

Women with other women slow down to talk to enjoy each other's company.

Men with other men are racing.
Only 7%? I swear it should be at least 70%.
Dead serious, I always thought the male pace was set by the alpha of the group, the one who sets the pace is the one in charge or has the sway or holds the most social sway. 

I remember being told that as a kid, by my father, I remember always being the fastest walker in a group that demanded others kept up.  So much so that my biggest pet peeve that I say all the time is "it's a walkway, not a standby, move over please".    



Oh my god, I'm a horrible person. 
"Hurry the fuck up, babe!"  -me
Men; getting shit done in packs since forever.
damn straight I walk slower with the girl I like.  She can only move so fast in 5" heels.
Further study suggest men walking with women they are not interested in, increase their pace by an average of 20% increasing the lesser their interest.
Women walking together move the slowest is no surprise to anyone who has ever been trapped behind a gaggle of Japanese school girls on a crowded street or train platform. 
Women walk 47% faster in the opposite direction when they see me.
Does something change outside of the public education system? Because men in groups DEFINITELY move the slowest in high school.
I do not ever walk with two women, it physically hurts to walk that slow, I constantly feel like I am about to trip and fall.

When my wife and her sister get together I go find something else to do.

That said, when I am with her sisters's husband, at least I get a refreshing workout and I don't spend nearly as much time in whatever mall/store/place we happen to be in. We get our shit done, then go outside or sit down.
So if a girl walks fast when she's with me does that mean shes interested in me!?
I'm someone who walks a good deal faster than the people around me, i ts always a pain walking with others because of this
We're just slowing down to get a look at her ass.
just take your knife out, everyone knows you walk the fastest with a knife out
No-Homo-Pace
TIL...I walk like a man. I wonder if my spouse appreciates this during outings?
Could told you that. But cool to see a study
Couldn't someone reasonably assume that (at least in the U.S.) since men are on average taller/have longer legs than women, that they walk a bit faster on average as well? This statistic isn't really that mind-blowing.
More importantly, why are women such slow walkers? 
Woman here, this checks out 
7% slowdown is generous.  It feels more like 73% slowdown.  
I have noticed this in my life with a specific person! When a certain friend of mine and I were walking  with a group and we got to talking (we both tend to have big, ambitious, universal thoughts) we'd get so caught up in conversation that we'd find ourselves fifty meters in front of the group before someone would call for us and bring us back to earth.

I really miss walking and talking with her. Not many people put a pep in my step quite like that.
I enjoy seeing my shorter friends speed walk as they try to match my normal walking speed.
Walking alone, see a group of girls walking slow. If I pass then: "what a pushy jerk!" If I stay behind them: "What a creep!"
Wouldn't this be skewed by length of stride? Assuming women are on average shorter than men, their strides would be smaller. I am almost 6 feet and a woman. I am a fast walker, but I also have a man's stride length. I get so annoyed in the mall for always having to pass people. It seems more of a cultural difference than anything else. We white people are more tightly wound. 

I just haul ass everywhere all the time. I can't stand walking slow.
For me, I walk about half my usual walk speed when I'm with a girl I like, and about 75% my usual speed when with a guy.  I'm a very fast walker...
Who the fuck gets paid to study pointless facts like this and how do I get their job? Sounds fucking awesome.
Dude. Every time I walk with a guy friend I wonder why we're walking so fast. 
I upvoted just for the correct use of "whom."
Translation: We like spending more time with girls, girls enjoy each others' company, and we're competitive.
I always march around as if I'm on a mission.  People ain't long in moving out your way when when they see you charging towards them. 
It all makes sense on an intuitive level, except one case has some details left out: women walking together are not only the slowest, sometimes they barely move.

i walk fast all the time.. i hate it when i have to pass some slow walking person on the footpath and have to keep up that faster pace until i'm well clear of them and can slow down again
No one...*NO ONE!!!*... walks faster than me. Even when I'm alone.
Walking with my boyfriend while he's with his friends is the worst. Apparently bros before hos is the rule in this and most situations.  Not only are they walking faster than I prefer, they're walking faster than my short legged ass can keep up with on a good day. Admittedly we were in NY navigating bus routes and shit but why the fuck do we need to run to make it to the bus and then wait 10 minutes for it to catch up?
I hate going the same pace as someone in front of me, especially if we were both going to the same place.  Used to happen all the time in college walking home after class.  The worst was if it was a girl in front of me in the evening because then it looked like I was following her if I matched her pace.  If I sped up, I was 'closing in for the kill' - I started crossing the street.
If your not the first one to the door.  How are you going to show your friends how much stronger you are then them.
Just carry a knife, you'll move at a speed of 250
I wonder if guys power walk with other guys?
One of those things you never really think about, but you realize it's true the second someone says it. 
I went on a coffee date-thing and she was not very interesting. Like at all. Anyways i kept noticing that i was constantly ahead of her. 
Why is the thumbnail a family trapped in a glass box?
If you've ever been to any mall you already know #2.
All of this may be true but I don't believe it has anything to do with what gender we are with. More has to do with what we want from the person, what they mean to us, what we mean to them and where we're going / how fast we want to get there.
Otherwise we might get this: 'TIL our eating speed is affected by the kind of food we are eating'. No, it's affected by our personal relation to that certain kind of food, our hunger level, our mood and health.
Checks out, my buddies and I are always telling each other to slow down when we are walking somewhere. It must have something to do with hunting for meat and tracking/keeping up with the heard (literally), back in our cave days.
I am a woman and have always walked at a "clipped" pace--not super fast, but definitely not slow and leisurely.  90% of the time, any guy I'm with says something like "Whoa, why are we sprinting? Can we please slow down?" or "What is the huge hurry?  Why are you walking so fast?"
I'm sure I'm not the fastest walker in the world

But I walk fast. As such I never "walk faster than my preferred speed" - because people I'm with will either walk at my pace or I'll be walking slower than I prefer.

I can't be alone in this.

If I found people who walked the same speed as me, we would both be walking at our preferred pace.

If found a friend who walked faster, he would be the man who always walks &lt;= his preferred pace.
So that explains the guys who turned out not to be interested and why I had to hustle to keep up. 

Also the slowest is any group of high school students going anywhere. Teacher experience.
What about when walking through Walmart? I'm pretty sure it is further reduced by about 60%
God, we're all such douches waving around our dicks, making sure it's bigger than every other dude's. Monkey habits die hard. 

Edit: I'm saying when it comes to guys, the reason we walk faster is to subliminally prove how fast/strong/able bodied we are to the other male. 
My ex would get so annoyed when I was walking "too fast". She then would get annoyed when I was walking "too slow". She then would get annoyed that I wasn't paying attention to which pair of fucking shoes she was wearing so I know how fast to walk. She now can't get annoyed cause she's not walking with me anymore. 
So this is why my friends always walk so god damn fast all the time. Motherfuckers got no chill. Why does it have to be a competition?
&gt;men’s pace slows down by an average of 7% when walking w/ female partners they’re interested in

Well you cant check out dat booty if you're infront of them, duh.
So I have a totally unscientific theory about this.

When women walk with women, maybe they walk slower because they were the gatherers, and walked at a slower pace in order to look for the proper food, while the males walk more quickly than others due to them being primarily hunters.

Totally wrong.

Totally unsupported.

Makes me happy though.
Women have the privilege to walk at speeds slower than anybody else while men are forced to break out in blisters at the very thought of walking with another man. This is what real oppression looks like. #MRA #MRM #MGTOW #GamerGate
My SOs always complain that I walk so much faster than them. Sorry I'm over 6' and have long strides! 
I always thought these fuckers wanted to leave me behind.
I walk my own pace and unless I'm deep in conversation, just keep on going until I reach the end of the block and wait for the slowpokes to catch up. 
the last one does not apply to me. I'm the one that bolts ahead of everyone and then impatiently waits at the next bend for them to catch up.
I'm not affected by this. People walking with me have to always tell me to slow down to which I do, but then subconsciously walk faster again within a minute. 

Edit: grammar 
I used to walk really slow as a kid. I was often in my own head thinking about things and kept getting behind. Now however I get a bit annoyed at all the slow walkers out there. It gets so awkward when you walk past people because even tho you walk faster than them you're still walking so it can take a while to pass and slowing down to match their pace is even worse.
My friends and I must be weird then because when we walk in a group, all guys, we slow down to a snail's pace. I'm always the one to get frustrated and get them to hurry up.
With my wife's family I have the nickname "Longstrides" when walking with them because I seem to always walk faster than anyone wants to go. 
I had to start walking slower because my husband is 6 inches shorter than me and his little legs couldn't keep up with me.
How do you account for me? I have always had an average speed of a power walker. 
I'm a lady so they tell me. 
Go figure. 
My 6'4" husband eats my dust. 
My wife has to walk faster to keep up with me, she caught on pretty quick.

Completely have to walk at a snails pace if there is a 3rd person though because she matches their speed instead :(
Radiolab head am episode where they determined that each city around the world has its own walking pace.   Good talk. 
I am sure I walk fastest when walking alone. If I were to walk with anyone they would conplain, female or male. 
For the reference: my walking speed is ~8-10 km/h. 
back when I was more sprightly, my 6 foot plus husband would have to walk faster to catch up with me
I'm a short female, but I was raised by a fast walker. I consistently outpace male and female friends.  I'm always walking solo at the front of a group, because I hate slowing down. However, this is an awkward position to be in. I try to listen behind me and participate as best I can, but mostly, I just want to get to our destination, *then* I'll actively participate in conversation. Thankfully, I was recently introduced to a friend of a friend and he keeps me company at the front of the pack (much to everyone's consternation that we now set the pace.) 
I've noticed this when taking someone out on a bushwalk who is not used to it. Harsh lessons are learned about endurance and pacing.
I'll have to admit, that is very true. Walk up to my friends and I have to keep up with them. And I hate it &gt;.&gt;
It's so true.  I walk slower because of my girlfriend, We both pass groups of women walking, and when I'm with one of my guy friends, it feels like we're racing each other passive-aggressively.
&gt; men walking w/ male friends moved at speeds faster than either man's preferred walking speed.

Finally somebody gets it! Time for an awkward talk with my long-legged friends.
I agree
Just a pair of sperm headed to the final destination.
I lived in the city as a teenager. I walked as fast as my black friends could walk without their pants falling down. Which isn't very fast.

Moved to the whitest part of the country. My habits haven't changed, and now I'm the slowest walker in my town. 
Alright not trying to be racist or anything but I think black people walk pretty damn slow
Me and my buddy fucking walk so fast
[Relevant dilbert ](http://dilbert.com/strip/2001-09-30)
Unless new yorker. "I love you, but bitch walk faster"
Women walk slow. I think men underestimate their preferred speed. There will always be someone who walks faster. Men walk faster together because the guy who slowed down doesn't have to for his buddy. 
My short gf walks faster with me because I grab her hand and pull her along.
Cause you're excited to be with buddies. 
Da fuck is with the thumbnail?
Went to the mall with my brother last night and I just realized that we basically raced around the entire time. Haha cool.
im a male but only 5'8 all my friends are 6ft plus, which means im always having to catch up. But with that said i still get frustrated walking behind a group of women.
[George Carlin talked about this before he died](https://youtu.be/lK-udRz9k0E?t=8s)
I run everywhere. It's always a race!
This makes sense. People don't normally get rid of socks until they are trashed. Even if you were making room in your dresser who would think to send their heavily used socks and underwear to donation? I figured they didn't take that stuff anyway. 

Edit: I'm not sure how I got this many responses over this comment but thanks. Apparently shelters need socks and underwear. I'm just going to go buy a couple packs at Walmart and drop them off at the good will next door. Thanks again to OP for raising awareness. 

Edit 2: Ok Ok, not goodwill. An actual shelter. TIL that I don't know shit about the homeless or how to help them. Thanks for steering me in the right direction. 
Been socking the homeless since I became not homeless. It was one of my big sought after items when I was out there so now I buy them and pass them out regularly. Its cheap, its easy and well appreciated by those on the street.

The simplest thing you can do is take 1 pair out of every pack of socks you buy or receive and give them away. Thats so easy and you wont miss that pair.
My goal in life is to be wealthy enough to afford a new pair of high quality socks everyday. Then donate the socks I have worn already. It's a win win. I get he most amazing feeling of new socks daily and the homeless can have some warm toes. 
I spent a bit of time being homeless and socialized with a bunch of longer time homeless people. Something I learned is that many of them are oddly enough really germaphobic, even if they are filthy. Once I was back on my feet, I tried to give a guy I'd known a few pairs of socks I'd bought at a store, and he had no interest in them. The trick was to go to a store where they in plastic wrap. I found an 8 pack of tube socks that were still encased in plastic, and he nearly cried in happiness. 

TLDR: If you buy homeless people socks, they have a better change of getting worn if they are wrapped up.
I'm just going to go out on a limb here and guess that this is one of the times when correlation *is* causation, because if people donated more socks they wouldn't be "the most needed" items anymore.
Wow. This TIL is legitimately good. Now i feel bad so when I'm done with work I am stopping at Walmart to grab a six pack of socks to donate
Wouldn't it be great if amazon or comparable sites gave you a list of homeless shelter needs and homeless shelter near you and you just picked items and it sent them there. amzaon gives a discount which they are able to write off, shelters can change there top needed items in real time and internet users can send thing with a few clicks. Why does this not already exist?
Hello! I'm a bot who mirrors websites if they go down due to being posted on reddit.

[Here is a screenshot of the website](http://i.imgur.com/t07haD1.png).


*Please feel free to PM me your comments/suggestions/hatemail.*

_____
[^FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/Website_Mirror_Bot/wiki/faq)
This is odd. My mom always donates socks to me for Christmas. You'd expect the same maternal instincts in people donating to homeless shelters.
Where I live there used to be a colony of homeless people who made their own shanties by a river. They got kicked out and their shanties destroyed so a big apartment complex could be built. My mom decided to call around and see if any of the people in the shelters were from there to see what they needed. They said socks and underwear and that it's the most needed thing at any shelter. Then they told a story about the one lady came in from the shanties and her socks were stiff as boards. My mom was going to make a collection at our church for socks and underwear but before she even set it up some lady that mom never talked to came up to her and said,"I don't know why, but I was prompted to give you this" and handed her an envelope with $600 in it. My mom was completely shocked and went to the local "cheap clothing" store to get more for the money. We ended up with 4 trash bags full of socks and underwear varying in size. My mom ended up setting up the charity basket and got another $400 out of it for them. 
I heard this recently too and started keeping a couple pairs of warm wool socks in my car. The other day I saw a guy at an intersection asking for change. He came over to my car and I handed him the socks. He looked at me, smiled, then said, "Well there's a million dollars right there". 
Reading through all the comments, there is a slight chance that I might have increased the amount of socks being exchanged in this year's Secret Santa. 
Excited and joyful SANTA here.  Thank you so much for this TIL.  I'm on it....will deliver many pairs of socks this year; every color!  

HO HO HO

edit: WHo I really am.........a Happy Santa!  HO HO HO***I got my person and oh boy!  This is going to be SO much fun!  Thank you Reddit!!!
Even homeless people gotta make puppets man
Shameless plug: [Street Supplies](http://www.streetsupplies.org) is a 501c3 public charity that distributes socks and other essential items to homeless people on the streets of Colorado every week. If this post makes you realize that you have too many damned socks in your drawer please feel free to send them to us (PO Box 15702,
Colorado Springs, CO 80935) and we'll make sure they find a good home.
Bulk socks: http://www.bargain-bulk-sock-sales.com/malesocks.html#gallery[pageGallery]/1/
This is why I buy my socks from [Mitscoots](http://www.mitscoots.com/). 

-American made. 
-Give out free socks to the homeless. 
-Employ the homeless.
-Socks are comfy AF.
Another thing to consider is which shelter you are donating to. My fiancee works at a homeless shelter and they get some of the more difficult patrons (that have been kicked out of other shelters) and they are underfunded compared to some other shelters (mix of initial funding and some other shelters are well known and thus get more donations). They appreciate a lot of donations. If it is a large bottle of shampoo or shaving cream etc. they divvy it up into portions. So if you want to donate a massive bottle of costco whatever it is still very useful.
Personal items are gold for the homeless/impoverished community. Deodorant, socks, gloves, toothpaste, etc. Don't forget, tampons! You'd be surprise how many people forget that the less fortunate need them too!
www.bombas.comFor every pair of socks bought, a pair is donated to the homeless.  They are EXCELLENT socks too.  Use code HOLIDAY20 right now for 20% off.
Go to /r/buyitforlife and find some brands that will last a long time.  
My buddy goes to walmart or costco once or twice a year and buys like 20 pairs of socks. He keeps a few pairs in his backpack and a few in his truck. Whenever someone asks him for money on the street, he whips out a pair of socks. 

The folks he gives them to are always genuinely thankful. It is really amazing to see. 

Reddit:  these are $10 for 10 pair, consider buying some and having them sent directly to your local shelter - http://smile.amazon.com/Hanes-Ultimate-Socks-White-10-13/dp/B00FBD2G0I/ref=lp_1045708_1_2?s=apparel&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1448378168&amp;sr=1-2&amp;nodeID=1045708
This is very true! Unfortunately I've had to eat at my local soup kitchen a few times over the last few months, and I've seen lots of people not wearing any socks! Everyone be thankful for what you have because it can all change in the blink of a eye! I never thought I would be struggling to just provide for my basic needs!
What a coincidence. We discussed how and what to donate last week at a parent meeting of our kindergarden. I mentioned that socks, underwear and so are highly likely to be donated very seldom contrary to the fact the everyone needs those very often (and... more than one piece of underware... yikes). 
On the outcome people thought about it and donated a lot of those.
As someone who wears socks ALL THE TIME, the thought of this is horrifying to me. I'm never barefoot, ever. Not when I'm in the yard, in my house, in my bed, when I go to the beach (I wear socks and shoes or sandals, bite me), etc. Pretty much the only time I don't wear socks is in the shower.

Where do I donate money to help these people get socks? I live in a relatively small town with few chronically homeless people, who I'm fairly certain have socks. This is an urgent matter of human rights! 


want to learn something?  It is always, 100% of the time, better for you to donate money (or time) rather than things.

Rather than you spending $100 on socks and giving it to them, give them $100 and they can buy a lot more than $100 worth of socks since charities have deals with suppliers for additional discounts.

Same thing with food shelters, children's charities.  Whatever

It may make you feel better that you are providing tangible things, but if you ACTUALLY want to help anyone, money absolutely the most helpful to them.
My family makes sack lunches for the homeless every Thanksgiving. My Dad was homeless from the ages 14-16 and swears that all he wanted during the cold seasons was a dry new pair of socks. So we put a pair in ever sack lunch
seeing as I have 100 different old socks in my drawer and have desperately needed a complete reboot for a couple years now.. Ill just donate them all now and start fresh
DivvyUp socks! They donate a pair of socks to the homeless for every pair they sell. Kinda like Toms.
My family and I when I was younger use to "adopt" families for Christmas where they'd send a wish list and we'd buy them thier Christmas gifts it was a lot of fun for me when I was younger spending my parents money. Anyway usually kids would all for footballs and dolls or whatever and the parents would ask for jackets and snow pants for their kids but one year we got a family with two young boys and they only asked for warm clothes and socks and blankets and not a single toy or anything fun. I think my mom cried reading list. So we filled out their list got new jackets snow pants socks hats gloves jeans and then my mom brought me and my two brothers to toys r us and let us each get a few toys for the two kids to try give them a real Christmas. It was super sad to see a 9 year old boy ask for warm socks and a jacket...

I still am involved in the program and adopt a kid every year although last year I was asked for North face fleece and an Xbox 1... 
Also donate feminine products.. There is a huge need
I wish I had the money to buy 100 packs of wool socks from costco to donate,  those socks keep your toes warm standing in snow 
There's a startup in Florida using the Tom's shoes model to solve this problem https://www.divvyupsocks.com
There was a place I think called Boston Bowl next to a hotel I stayed at.  They would give you a pair of socks with your shoe rental, and they had a bin you could drop them in and they'd be washed and donated.  Seemed like a win/win idea, their shoes get used with only new socks and barely worn socks get donated to those who need it.
In my youth my friends and I were obsessed with being "Zombie Ready" which basically meant talking about "bug out bags" and how to turn a nightstand into a flamethrower (we weren't that smart, lol). Every time we talked about it I always suggested at least 4 pairs of socks. They just make everything better and when you wear them to long at once (as I used to) it really fucks up your feet. 

(Side note, my friends never wanted to add underwear to their lists either)
There's a sock drive at my fave coffee shop right now. I went one day and the box was empty, the next day it was full and someone also bought one of those nice store bags and absolutely filled it with socks for kids. It was such a sweet thing to see. You can tell they were probably going around doing a lot of charitable acts that day, not just that. 
I've heard women's sanitary products are also very much needed. Anyone got other suggestions for things we can donate?
Thanks :) 
Get ready for the swarm of socks!
Okay. On my way. I have been given a gifted life. 100 socks it is.
I won't dispute the article in regards to a homeless shelter but I recently volunteered for a bit with a local Salvation Army shop and the policy there was actually to toss 99% of the socks that came in unless they were *literally* brand new (like in a package / had tags etc).  Their reasoning was because A) nobody would ever buy socks from them unless they were new; and B) almost every set of used socks were either disgustingly dirty, holey / threadbare or missing a mate and it wasn't worth trying to sell even for almost free.
I'm not a corporate shill or anything.

But if you're looking for a great Christmas gift for someone who is really into fitness, check out [Bombas](http://www.bombas.com/) socks.  They're high-quality athletic socks, and they donate a specially designed pair of socks to a homeless shelter for each pair of socks that you purchase.

I bought them for my wife last year, a few months after she joined a gym, and it was a home-run gift.  Too luxurious for her to buy them on her own, supporting an activity she was really into, and the added bonus of knowing that her gift helped others in need.

If your Reddit Secret Santa likes to work out, they are worth considering.
They should sell sock at all hotels too.  
Also, sunscreen, lip-balm, band-aids, and feminine hygiene products.  I volunteer for a group that distributes items to the homeless in Austin.  If you're outdoors 24 hours a day, sunscreen and lip-balm are essential.  People forget that women are homeless too.   
Here's a company that donates a pair of socks to a local homeless shelter for every pair you buy.

https://www.divvyupsocks.com
Same story with my sock drawer. They fucking evaporate.
If anyone's interested in getting involved, there's a non-profit called Knock Knock Give A Sock (www.kkgs.org) that focuses specifically on this.
Finally, something to do with all the socks I get for Christmas.
funny you posted this. A group 9 year old boys are collecting socks for a homeless shelter in my hometown. I think they have over a thousand at this point.
I worked at the supervised injection site in Vancouver, Canada, and they serve a lot of homeless folks sleeping outside that constantly needed socks. Last winter one of my coworkers was a guest on a podcast, and the host casually asked what people could do right now to help the people using the service, and my friend said, "Send socks". 

Dude... a day or two later we were getting socks fedexed from Brooklyn, England, LA, Beijing, all over the damn place. It was awesome. I started peeling the shipping labels off to show my coworker, and to the folks getting socks, and they were really stoked that people all over the world would do that so they could have warm dry feet.

edited for clarity
I always carry around socks during the winter to give to the homeless. I don't like to give money but I like to do something.
Socks they shall have. I'll buy a gross today and donate thanksgiving 
My niece just started a sock drive here in my city for the homeless shelter. I will be donating a bag!
Damn it dobby.
Thank you for sharing! Just in time for the holidays :) 
Now I am going to donate them

/u/estherloveslife we must save them :D
I can understand that. I mean, most people - myself and.. well people i know anyway - don't buy new socks until they NEED socks. I can't remember the last time i bought socks when i hadn't worn my old ones down to holes, and no one wants holey socks.

Also, possibly, people don't want to donate 'gross' old socks? I can totally see this being a problem because i NEVER thought about donating socks.
I buy 12 and 24 packs of them even they're on sale and carry a few pairs with me every morning when I walk to work during the winter. That and some hand warmers. I'm not usually comfortable giving money, but I always tell them I have some socks and warmers if they wild like them. They almost always say yes and the extra warmth they get really does a lot of good. 

By the way, it's ok to ask people what they need. Usually it's money, but you never really know until you ask. Most homeless people I speak to get frustrated because so many people just assume they know what the problem is and what they need, and then choose to give or not give based on whether they feel like fulfilling those assumed needs. Sometimes just asking is the little bit of humanity that really opens them up to help.
One cool thing for a charity to do is have a sock drive, where donors fill pairs of socks with other stuff like toiletries, nonperishable food, whatever else, akin to Xmas stockings. Once the recipient has removed all the goodies, then they have a good pair of socks to wear in addition. This has gone over very well with a charity for several years in my area.
Socks, underwear, and bras. All the stuff people think would be kinda gross to donate... that is what is in need.
I work at a nursing home, and we get quite an influx of clothes after the residents die and the families choose to donate them to the home. Im in charge of going tgrough them and decide whats good to keep. When I run out of room for clothing items,  the rest we donate to homeless, or Goodwill, or overseas. I've saved atleast 2 or 3 big boxes of socks so far. I must have had 12 boxes last month of other clothes left over too that we're shipping out. Wool socks, or good thick socks too are good to donate, where its winter coming up. I'm also shipping out jackets and sweaters. Hats and gloves are needed too, so please, donate to your local box or Goodwill, or shelter. 
People don't donate socks because they can't even find their own socks.
You know, Blackadder,  for me, socks are like sex. Tons of it about and I never seem to get any.

Prince George
My wife always keeps a few care packages in the car. They consist of 2 pairs of socks, bottle of water, travel toothbrush and toothpaste, travel size deodorant, anti-bacterial wipes, trail mix, oranges, and a few other non perishable food items. It all fits in a large ziploc bag. She hands these out to homeless people around town. Never to pan handlers though. 
Socks, bras, panties, feminine sanitary supplies, wet wipes.  I was homeless for a year and these were what was always needed.
My mom used to work for a shoe store. I would go to homeless events (where they give them food) and hand out bags worth of old socks/ socks they would throw away. It was very rewarding. Homeless peoples socks often turn to almost a liquid before they get rid of them. 

I usually carry a few pairs of socks in my bag, on my bike, etc. and give them out to homeless guys. I don't like giving money out to these guys, who probably have mental illnesses and addictions. It's pretty cheap for me to buy socks in bulk (even warm ones, I live in a colder climate) and I can usually tell that they're unexpected and appreciated.
As someone who has worked a lot with people experiencing homelessness, definitely true. Long black socks are really good to have in your boots, and not having a change can mess up your feet real bad (especially in the rainy Pacific Northwest)
Now homeless shelters will have an overload of socks, and a shortage of food. Thanks Reddit
I work for a battered/abused/sexual assault persons' shelter. We get hundreds of donations in cash, food and clothes. But no one ever brings in underwear, bras, or socks . I constantly ask for them from the community, but due to hygenic/health, purposes we only accept new undergarments. 
Most homeless people can't keep a supply of clean socks. Unless your city has a decent shelter system tht allows people to clean and store their clothes. Socks are small and hard to track when you're moving around a lot.

Most homeless people have what they wear, they only keep the most important things as backup. (Underwear being important. ) socks are important but a lot of these people don't really see that.

Source: used to stay in a shelter.
20-pack of black/white tub socks on sale now at Wal-Mart for $10. 2-pair knit gloves $1.50 at Dollarama. 

That works out to $1.25 for a pair of gloves and socks per person.  Thats literally less than a cup of coffee and better than the random change you give to a pan-handler. Especially in winter. 

I'm doing this in Toronto,  you can/should do it in your area too. I could use all the help. 
When I'm staying at a hotel I always grab the travel soap, shampoo, conditioner and any other goodies. I will hoard them until the end of the year when I have a nice supply. Then I'll donate all of it to the local women's shelter. It's not a game changer, but I figure it has to help a little.
Used-to-work-at-a-shelter here. This is entirely true, and it's entirely because most clothing donated to shelters is used, and because socks tend to get worn out and thrown away (also they can get pretty gross), they obviously don't make it to us. Generally, a concerted effort needs to be made by a donater to go out, find socks, and *then* donate them directly to the shelter.

That's not to say that donating used clothes is bad, it's just the reason that socks aren't donated in a "used" capacity.
Thanks to this post, I am going to start a sock drive this holiday season.
Also,  feminine hygiene products as well. 
This is such a smart and wonderful thing. 

A few years ago I was arrested for a puny amount of weed and with the sentence came community service. The shelter I went to do my service at didn't have any avaliable times that worked with my work schedule. It seemed like I wasn't going to make my deadline, but the director made a deal with me. If I bought a whole boatload of socks and candy, the community service was as good as done.

Bought a shopping carts worth of socks in various sizes and many large bags of candy. The director of the shelter was extremely grateful. I never
 knew that socks were such a commodity. Next time ya'll donate some old clothes throw a pack of socks in there, those make all the difference. 
Sounds like I should buy socks and underwear and donate them.
Today, we donated clothes to homeless. I confirm this is true.
Would they have to be matching though? If not, I have a truckload to donate
I plan to correct this. I always tell my wife that one day when we make (enough) money, I want to buy and only wear new socks once. After that, they will be donated. 
I volunteered at a men's overflow shelter, basically here is a bed and in the morning you are gone type place. And I always begged for socks from people that always wanted to help, they go like hotcakes.

Shoes are great too, now I don't mean to be picky but please done give me your old penny loafers or church shoes, no one wants those at all, like no one. I had 2 pair of brown loafers for months, who the hell living on the streets wants some uncomfortable ass church shoes.


Well... socks are the least donated which makes them the most needed. That makes sense.
THIS. yes, socks. Homeless people usually walk all day, after a few days a new pair of socks can be completely worn out.  After doing some volunteer work it my town it was amazing to learn about such things. Another one too, female hygiene products like tampons are highly needed. Most people just donate food, which is great but a lot of the times supplies like socks, tampons, backpacks, hand warmers, gloves is what is really needed. And coffee, what a hot cup of coffee can do for someone can go along way. With the winter months upon us, it will be the most difficult time of the year for people currently experiencing homelessness. 

FYI: For many homeless people, it is not a permanent situation. Most only experience homelessness for about a year, usually because of a job lost and some unfortunate events. Alot of homeless live out of their car in a temporary state just trying to rebuild their life. For many, it is a transitional period and they don't have help or resources from family or friends. The typical image of a dirty homeless man living on the street is not always the case and most people do not realize this. 
You can blame all the mom who's got their kids socks.  Now..no one thinks it's a good gift at all, without realizing it really is a good gift. 
2 weeks from now "Socks are the only thing being donated to homeless shelters. Mainly due to a reddit post"
Running a clothing distribution service at the mo and can confirm - we always need CLEAN socks and NEW underwear but as what most ppl donate is second hand we tend to be a bit short on these things. Occasionaly have given up and gone out and bought them.

Also we always need shoes. We never have enough good quality shoes in a variety of sizes. People donate trainers and high heels but I always have a waiting list of people looking for sensible shoes.

If ever you're looking to donate to any homeless service etc -
Shoes, socks, underwear (new underwear cos a lot of places are barred from handing out used due to health and safety concerns), shower gel (hotel toiletries are IDEAL), toothbrushes, toothpaste, tampons. 
Great TIL. Such an inexpensive and easy item to donate 
ALSO PLEASE DONATE DESPERATELY NEEDED PADS AND TAMPONS!

 This is something people never think of, but is DESPERATELY needed! Many homeless women have to use dirty rags, newspaper or napkins and often just bleed right through their clothes, which they very often can't wash or change. It ends up smelling and/or they get infections!

Some women say they would prefer these things over food. It's for said human hygiene and dignity. 

**PLEASE DONATE PADS AND TAMPONS TO YOUR LOCAL SHELTERS!**
My mom always ignores what kind of socks I WANT and gets me the long old fashioned kind, I should donate them.
I have boxes of socks from christmas past. I know who I'm gifting them to this year!
This is pretty accurate. Based on my personal experience, what I wanted most was a decent pair of socks. Managed to find one sock randomly lying one the road. It was dirty as hell, but my feet were bleeding and it was cold so it was totally worth it. Swapped the sock on each foot as needed.
The best thing to do is ASK the people working/volunteering there what they need.

It might be money, time, or specific sets of items.

They know what they need much better than our guesses.

No point giving 4 billion cans of expired corn when they are ok on food by desperate for money to pay the bills.

I understand that sometimes people have extra things but not money, however some people buy stuff specifically to donate, that makes no sense without asking first.
I used to work at a homeless shelter and socks were definitely in high demand. We'd take some of our cash donations, go to Walmart, and buy hundreds of them.


I really appreciate this post, thank you. 
Hmm I would have thought it'd be "homes"
Well great, thanks to Reddit, now they're going to be drowning in socks
Probably because they keep making fingerless gloves out of them.
Around Christmas, our Cub Scout Pack has a Christmas party. All the boys buy a pack of white socks. They ball them up and throw them at each other (like a snowball fight), then they gather up the socks and donate to a homeless shelter. Win - Win.
Maybe teaching the homeless to knit would be a great idea. Hand knitted wool socks last way longer and are way warmer than cheap cotton socks. Plus they would get a sense of satisfaction from making it themselves. Sounds like a great charity idea. Teach them to knit, raise money for supplies, etc.

The problem is extremely serious. There have been people who have noticed this problem, too. I saw a new startup (heard about through a buddy of mine at FSU) called "divvyup"- they are a new company who sell socks and for every pair bought they donate a pair to homeless shelters in Florida. 

I've gotten a couple of pairs from them and they are pretty great. I think they have donated over 4000 pairs of socks.

It's not ending this problem by any means but at least there is some effort to help. 

WEBSITE: www.divvyupsocks.com


The problem is homeless people don't always have access to wash there socks so they get trashed so quick and have to be thrown away. My mum donates sock to the shelter on a weekly basis.
As another poster mentioned Bombas socks (www.bombas.com) is a one-for-one sock company that donates a pair of socks to the homeless for every pair purchased. They've donated more than 500,000 pairs over the last year or so.
Also to "trampas". People traveling on trains from South America looking for a chance to live in US. They have to risk their life all the way through Mexico. They need socks, soap and food mainly. I used to throw them this kind of stuff on the train, but since life was not better for me either I stop doing it. I may start doing it again this holidays. 
I bet they do get donated. They just go missing. Just like all of mine. Fucking socks.
I once forgot my socks so I put my work boots on with my short soggy sweaty cycling socks after I got out of the shower. It sucked balls so much I went down to the shop to buy some socks. I was sitting in the bus stop changing into a new pair of socks and there was a homeless guy looking at me and he says nothing like a pair of freshies hey mate, so I tossed him a pair out of the 3 pack I had just bought. The look an his face was priceless.
Pro Tip: If you want to donate to a group like homeless shelters call first to see what they need most.
Thank you, I had never thought of that! I usually donate fuzzy leggings, or long underwear, but I can't believe I didn't think of socks!
Operation Sock and Awe.
Please try and spring for synthetic fibers or wool, NOT cotton. Cotton sucks heat away when they are wet, while synthetics and wool continue to trap heat even when wet.

Source: Wilderness trip guide for many years.
Was homeless. Can confirm. Socks and tampons. 
A good pair of socks can make your whole world better. 
Probably because you feel like an asshole donating socks. Yeah everyone else donated big dollar items like coats and things, but I brought socks!
TIME TO DONATE SOME SOCKS!!! WinSock has new meaning xD!!
Having volunteered at some donation centers, they only accept and distribute NEW socks. Any used socks that are donated are either trashed or at best sanitized and turned into rags so that they get some use out of them. 

Same applies to underwear. 

They're least often donated because they have to be bought new as opposed to give away for free. 
I just bought 6 pairs of socks. Literally one laundry load later, I'm down to two pair and 2 random unmatched. I have a house, a laundry basket and a modern washer and dryer. I'm gonna go donate a bunch of packs today, because if I can't keep socks, these folks have no chance. 

I'm convinced there is a sock ghost in my house. 
I've been wanting to upgrade all my perfectly functional cotton socks to Darn Toughs. Thank you for giving me an excuse to.
I lose enough matches in the laundry.  They can have my mismatches if they want.
I use socks until they die and just need to be tossed. Maybe I'm not alone in that?
and toiletries
I'm a big fan of my huarache sandals (XeroShoes.com) - though they might not be quite as helpful in the winter months. But that's 75% of the year when they ARE helpful.
Well yeah, if I bought new socks with the intent of giving them to a shelter I would remember how amazing new socks feel and there's no way I'm donating them after that.
Tomorrow sock donation sky rockets. 
Isn't it all the way around ? Like thy're the least donated hence most needed?
I am actually doing a sock drive at my community college currently. So that's cool.
http://stores.erlbachergearhart.com/the-speedster-basic-package/

Why don't they just spend $2Gs on a sock making machine, and let the homeless make their own?
Socks get dirty more quickly than other clothes, especially mine.  I would feel like a shit person if I donated my used stained (but "clean") socks.
When I get rid of clothes, it's because I've outgrown them but still otherwise wearable. That's when they get donated.

When I get rid of socks, it's because I've worn them out and I can't wear them anymore. Theat's when they get thrown away.
Hook em up with some Wigwams!
Surely the title should be "Socks are among the most needed items at homeless shelters AS they're among the least donated"
If you want to help look into divvy up socks. Some students in my entrepreneurship class started this non-profit where they donate one pair of socks for every pair bought 
So if I gave a homeless man on the street a pack of socks would he be really grateful?
Wait, you can actually donate old socks? I donate pretty much all my old clothes (usually because it's something I don't wear anymore, not because it's trashed) but I've never thought about socks, for some reason.
I always thought socks were a surplus at shelters. 
If you start a sock subscription from sockracy.com all your old socks get donated to the homeless. I tried them once, I liked the socks but they don't ship to Alaska for free anymore.
Socks don't last long when you're homeless, they tend to wear a pair until they get wet or tear through, and most of the donated socks we had were already half worn out.
interesting, I work at a homless shelter and we have an insane amount of brand new socks.....so many clients can ask for them again and again....I could post a pic if need be.(its 7am and im sleepy/lazy)
its because socks are the easiest used apparel to transform into rags.
Coincidentally, this mirrors my wardrobe too. Never have enough socks.
Of course they're the most needed if they're the least donated.....
It's because

* I don't want to donate my crusties.  I don't wanna wear them, and I don't think anyone else want to.

* I don't have a matching pair to donate.  This seems stupid when I reflect on it.  Probably a moot point to someone who has no socks.

* I don't grow out of socks.  I usually wear them until they're holey.  
Have you ever put on brand new socks? I'm sure people buy socks to donate, but can't handle the temptation and just put them on and keep them. 
There's a guy at our church who talks about this ALL the time. He takes people to Chicago, St. Louis, and Indianapolis just giving out socks. He's always up at announcements and telling people how they can donate socks and go deliver them with him. Awesome guy. 
Well, if they were donated often, they wouldn't be needed as much, would they?
I took a garbage bag full of only socks to my local shelter once. They told me they only accept new socks and not used socks. So then I threw them all away.
A bunch of students in NYC actually started this organization dedicated to collecting socks to donate to the homeless.  http://www.knockknockgiveasock.org/
When visiting Liverpool, UK there were countless homeless individuals working the streets trying to sell off loads of socks, scarves etc that they had clearly been donated.

Seems a relevant thread to post this in.
If they are the least donated, it logically follows they are the most needed. 

TIL: The hungriest people have the least food.
Ironically, socks are also the worst and most common christmass gift.
Not to detract from the homeless sock issue but I am in dire need of some fucking socks and it's difficult to find them in sizes 15-16, suggestions on where to look?
I always wear my socks to destruction, maybe that's a factor.
because we all needs socks.
Probably because most people don't donate new clothes, and socks dont usually last long enough to make it to the donation bin. You'd pretty much have to go out and buy a pack of new socks. And itd probably be easier for homeless shelters to take in money, and then buy and hand out socks en massee
Socks are the best.  As a non-homeless person, a fresh pair of socks is one of the best things in life.
Obviously.  If they were the most donated, they would be the least needed.  
Well duh the least donated article of clothing is going to be the most needed
Socks and Underwear. 
This makes sense. I have a home and am always running out of socks.
Makes perfect sense, I am in desperate need of socks but keep forgetting to purchase them for myself.
They're also used to huff.
Yeah often time socks are overlooked.
Dumbledore was right
I work with a group called Austin Atheists Helping the Homeless and we give out basic living needs to people in downtown Austin every month. Every single month the socks are the first thing to go - no matter how many we have. 
Man, that really socks.
People might donate them if socks didn't disappear. There's a 3 month life span on your average sock. 
I read about this guy who would make 'care-packs' for the homeless in his city. It was a cheap backpack with toothbrush, paste, socks, etc. 

A week later he went back out to deliver more packs and found that the socks he gave out were now covered in shit and laying in the streets.

Turns out the homeless needed toilet paper more than socks.
Socks are not enough: Social justice lies upstream from charity: http://rabble.ca/blogs/bloggers/cathycrowe/2014/12/socks-are-not-enough-social-justice-lies-upstream-charity
Well I mean who thinks "OH WOW I'll donate socks to the homeless, they'll love that!".
Of course they are

You know how fast you can burn through a pair of socks with slave feet?
Did we give it the HoD?
Dollar store sells 3 packs of nice socks for $1. 
Our program is also collectino socks for our veterans. It's pretty common. I'm not having much luck yet but hopefully it will take off with the cold months.
I mean, its frowned upon to masturbate in the streets
FYI socks are also the gift men want most for birthdays, holidays, and special occasions.  New socks are the best.
Well, for me, socks are among my most needed items as well, because I never replace my old worn out ones
I throw away socks all the time, I feel really bad about it now. I was actually going to throw away a few more pairs but I'll have them donated now... 
That's because I lose them so often
That socks.
Perhaps the are among the most needed items because they are among the least often donated?
I would think homes would be the most needed yet least donated...maybe not.
Because they are among the most needed items for people that are not homeless too, not to be confused with scarce
My local comic book store had a bin set up for sock donations. You could grab a few back issues if you brought some. Now I get it.
Socks are the best gift ever!

Seriously, a good pair of socks can change your life.
I have heard that some have to wear all the pairs of socks that they own when they sleep to avoid getting them stolen.
Just build a homeless centre in my dryer, problem solved.
Bombas ~~is like the Tom's shoes of socks~~ donates 1:1 for every pair of socks sold.

http://www.bombas.com/

I have a few pair. They're decent socks, very breathable.
I wonder if those two statements have some sort of connection
Socks are wonderful- also full sized mens deoderant and any kind of cough/cold meds without alcohol are SO needed this time of year at any mens shelter.
Tired of walking? Homeless people need socks but no one give them those. Follow the sock tragedy, next on sick sad world.
When my friend's parrot would get tired of whatever he was being fed, he would take it all out of the cup and throw it across the room. When the cup was finally empty, he would stick his head in the cup and just sit there and repeat "Hello?" until he was given something else to eat. 

Funny birds, but really obnoxious and messy. 
I have an African grey named pepe. He will tell me to do homework, tell my mom to kiss his ass, greet anyone that walks in the door with "hello darlin'" and a lot of other cool shit. He also throws seed everywhere and if he doesn't like it he will flip the whole bowl over. 

Edit: Yes I know, he is a rare pepe.
Did I fucking stutter?
My dad has one of these parrots. He's incredibly smart and likes to fuck with the dog. He'll call the dogs name and when she comes running the bird will just ignore her until she walks away, then starts the whole process over again. I don't think that poor dog will ever learn.
Parrots are fairly intelligent and very emotional. They definitely shouldn't be bought on a whim if you're not ready to dedicate your life to them. They see you as a mate and will mutilate themselves if you just stuff them in a cage and ignore them.

I know this doesn't pertain to Alex, but I feel the need to say it every time the "COOL FUCKING PARROT" thing pops up. Just trying to save more parrots from going to the over filled parrot rescues around the country.
My mom has an African grey! Her name is Alex too. She's awesome. She clicks like a chicken, makes the sound of the door being knocked on and says HELLLOOO ALEX, whistles, asks how we are, mimics us etc. Our Goffin Cockatoo hates when she starts making a ton of noise and says SHUT UP in this screech. It's pretty cute to see them "argue" in a bird sense. Birds are awesome. 
I have an African Grey and they're not only brilliant but curious devils. I give mine food that resembles breakfast cereal with different shapes and colors. She'll pick out a specific color like red, take every red piece one at a time, move over and drop them into her water bowl; essentially dyeing her water red. This is an everyday thing. 

Funny thing though is that it's not always red. The next day it might be yellow, or purple, or green. Whatever the mood I guess. But it's always an exclusive color. At first I wondered if she was doing that to soften the bits but she eats all the other pieces dry. I think she just likes "creating" this colored pool every day. 

And when I alternate the food, replace it with non-colored food -  nothing. 

Btw, the colored cereal-type food is not the whole of her diet. It's balanced with fresh vegetables, peppers, peanuts... 
He also asked for a banerry when talking about an apple because he didn't know the word for apple, only banana and cherry and he was the first animal to ask an existential question, and he did a lot more interesting things. There is a great book about him called Alex and Me.

[From Wikipedia:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_%28parrot%29#Accomplishments)

&gt;Pepperberg did not claim that Alex could use "language", instead saying that he used a two-way communications code. Listing Alex's accomplishments in 1999, Pepperberg said **he could identify 50 different objects and recognize quantities up to six**; that he could distinguish **seven colors and five shapes**, and understand the concepts of "bigger", "smaller", "same", and "different", and that he was learning "over" and "under". Alex passed increasingly difficult tests measuring whether humans have achieved Piaget's Substage 6 object permanence. Alex showed surprise and anger when confronted with a nonexistent object or one different from what he had been led to believe was hidden during the tests.

&gt;Alex had a vocabulary of over 100 words, but was exceptional in that he appeared to have understanding of what he said. For example, **when Alex was shown an object and was asked about its shape, color, or material, he could label it correctly**. He could describe a key as a key no matter what its size or color, and could determine how the key was different from others. Looking at a mirror, he said "what color", and learned "grey" after being told "grey" six times. This either made him the **first and only non-human animal to have ever asked an existential question** (apes who have been trained to use sign-language have so far failed to ever ask a single question), or his parroting the question phrase was very luckily situated.

&gt;Alex was said to have understood the turn-taking of communication and sometimes the syntax used in language. **He called an apple a "banerry"** (pronounced as rhyming with some pronunciations of "canary"), which a linguist friend of Pepperberg's thought to be a combination of "banana" and "cherry", two fruits he was more familiar with.

&gt;Alex could add, to a limited extent, correctly giving the number of similar objects on a tray. Pepperberg said that if he could not count, the data could be interpreted as his being able to estimate quickly and accurately the number of something, better than humans can. When he was tired of being tested, he would say "Wanna go back", meaning he wanted to go back to his cage, and in general, he would request where he wanted to be taken by saying "Wanna go...", protest if he was taken to a different place, and sit quietly when taken to his preferred spot. **He was not trained to say where he wanted to go, but picked it up from being asked where he'd like to be taken.**

&gt;**If the researcher displayed irritation, Alex tried to defuse it with the phrase, "I'm sorry."** If he said "Wanna banana", but was offered a nut instead, he stared in silence, asked for the banana again, or took the nut and threw it at the researcher or otherwise displayed annoyance, before requesting the item again. When asked questions in the context of research testing, **he gave the correct answer approximately 80% of the time**.

&gt;Once, Alex was given several different colored blocks (two red, three blue, and four green—similar to the picture above). Pepperberg asked him, "What color three?" expecting him to say blue. However, as Alex had been asked this question before, he seemed to have become bored. He answered "five!" This kept occurring until Pepperberg said "Fine, what color five?" Alex replied "none". **This was said to suggest that parrots, like children, get bored.** Sometimes, Alex answered the questions incorrectly, despite knowing the correct answer.

&gt;Preliminary research also seems to indicate that Alex could carry over the concept of four blue balls of wool on a tray to four notes from a piano. Pepperberg was also training him to recognize "4" as "four". Alex also showed some comprehension of personal pronouns; he used different language when referring to himself or others, indicating a concept of "I" and "you".

&gt;In July 2005, Pepperberg reported that **Alex understood the concept of zero**. If asked the difference between two objects, he also answered that; but if there was no difference between the objects, he said "none", which meant that he understood the concept of nothing or zero. In July 2006, Pepperberg discovered that Alex's perception of optical illusions was similar to human perception.

&gt;Pepperberg was training Alex to recognize English phonemes, in the hope that he would conceptually relate an English written word with the spoken word. He could identify sounds made by two-letter combinations such as SH and OR.
My favourite story about alex is: 

It's a popular intelligence test for corvids and parrots to hang a nut or a bit of fruit off their perch with a string, and see if they're smart enough to reel in the string until they can reach the food. 

When Alex was given this test, he took a look at the nut, looked up a the researcher without moving a toe, and said, meaningfully: "Want a nut".
Then it asked for a banana two thousand more times in a screeching, ear-splitting voice.

Because parrot. And five-year-old.
Also the first animal to *ask* an existential question;  
'what color am I'?
'You be good. I love you.'

Ow my heart. 
He died when he was just 31 (pretty young for a parrot, they can live up 70 years old!) His last words were "You be good. See you tomorrow! I love you!" TTwTT
Intelligence of a five year old? At least the attitude of one.
I pet sit for an African Grey and she's amazing. She'll say good morning, tell me I'm beautiful, ask for specific food items, she will whistle and call the dogs (by their names) inside when I let them outside, plays peek-a-bo, asks me what I'm doing when she can't see me, and makes fart noises then laughs hysterically at herself.
How does he feel about banana nut bread
Alex the Parrot on TIL again! I love this bird. He had a lot of personality.

If anyone wants to know more about Alex, his handler Irene Pepperberg wrote a great book about him called [Alex and Me](http://www.amazon.com/Alex-Me-Scientist-Discovered-Intelligence/dp/0061673986) where she describes the experiments she conducted and a ton of funny anecotes about Alex.

For example, one day Pepperberg saw a video of a crow perching on a branch and pulling up the string with its beak and feet to get the piece of meat tied to the end. She thought it'd be interesting to see if Alex would do the same thing, so she repeated the experiment with an almond. Alex looked down at the almond, looked at her, and said, "pick up nut." He was a bossy bird.

Alex also was able to learn the meanings of words/phrases he heard based on their context. For example, when he gave the wrong answer to a question, the interns would frustratedly say, "Alex, you turkey". Alex realized that the phrase "you turkey" could be used as an insult and began to use it. He also learned to say "I'm sorry" after Pepperberg apologized to him once and he learned that "sorry" could be used to defuse tense situations.
I had to get rid of my parrot when I had my first baby. He very quickly learned that crying resulted in immediate attention (I'd basically come running) I couldn't handle having two criers in the house so sold him to a friend. When I visited him 6 or so months later he cried like a baby as soon as we arrived.
I worked in an exotic pet store and worked with and raised a bunch of parrots. Africans greys were my favorite and had a surprisingly high level of intelligence. We had one that had learned to mimic the phone perfectly and would wait till everyone was away and make the sound only to laugh at us as we ran up front. 
Worth stating, many of the claims made about Alex the parrot, despite their high profile in popular science literature, are controversial. 

Source: many years of following the debate on this issue (with popcorn in hand) in e.g.  bioacoustics forums, where Alex proponents would share sometimes questionable evidence and be met with criticism.
That researcher has a very low opinion of 5-year-old humans. A 5-year-old has a vocabulary in the 2,200 word range and has cognitive / reasoning skills far surpassing a parrot.

Even if you're only judging based on vocabulary, a 2-year-old has a 300 word vocabulary.
"Goddamn it Martha, I'm a parrot.  I don't have time for your shit."
"I said a banana bitch!"
I think they've talked about this goddamn parrot in every psychology class I've taken, and some biology classes, too.
All I can picture when the parrot is offered a nut is it thinking "What the fuck is this shit".
I don't know what kinds of kids you've been hanging out with but that sounds more like a 2 year old, 3 at the most.
Parrots are amazing birds. My grandmother's knew what red hair was, but since she had met my mother with it first she would say, "pretty girl" to anyone she met with red hair regardless of gender. I think she thought that was what humans call red hair.

She also loved peanut m&amp;ms and would know if you tried to cheat and give her the regular ones. She would yell, "no m&amp;m" until you gave her the peanut ones.
Yep. Sounds like a 5 year old.
His last words to his handler were the ones I say every day to my wife before leaving work: I love you, you be good. 

Or when I think I'm about to die I text it to her
If I thought I could put up with bird shit covering everything in my house, I would get a parrot tomorrow and I would be the best bird parent ever and he would be my best friend and we would be happy forever.

I like there not being shit everywhere though.
My friend has an African Grey that is the third cousin of this bird and that fucker is smart. He got the bird because his mom is a world renowned researcher for an ivy league university. I took care of him once when my friend was out of town and was instructed to lure him to the other side of the cage with his favorite food millet then open the cage to change his water and regular food, worked great. Day two he waited right at the door for me to open it and so I gave him the millet knowing he wouldn't drop because he knows it will be lost through the bottom of the cage.

One pretty impressive thing he also does is whenever my friend dog sits for his mom his parrot tosses food just outside the cage to lure the dogs in then tries to bite them.

Poor guy used to have free range around the house then overnight got obsessed with chewing electric cords so he is stuck in a cage. He also gets depressed when my friend is out of town and doesn't eat much.

His favorite sound is the smoke detector and then dog barking. He also really enjoy bop it haha.
Soon can we repost the article about the parrot asking am existential question? I haven't seen it for a week. 
I once dated a girl that had a parrot. That thing would not shut up. The bird was cool though.
His trainer:

https://i.imgur.com/lsoomRq.jpg 
What 5 year old human are they comparing this bird to? If I saw a 5 year old kid act that way, I would think he's retarded. 
Don't 5 year olds know more than 150 words?
I sort of disagree with the title of the article:

&gt;Are you a bird brain? You may wish you were 

Actually, I don't wish I had the intelligence of a five-year-old...
How does a bird throw a nut?
Ah, the old reddit hug of death...
I'm most impressed to learn that parrots can throw ... TIL
so, a mentally retarded 5 year old.
Pretty dumb 5 year old that has only a 150 word vocabulary.
That's a really dumb 5 year old.
It took them 30 years to find that out?
I dunno what 5 year Olds they were comparing to, but most 5 year Olds I've known can formate countless sentences expressing complex ideas and desires, read to some degree and comprehend what is being said to them, as well as draw rudimentary pictures that they or others want them to.

Whatever grant enabled the scientists to come to the conclusion that a parrot has the intelligence of a 5 year old was wasted.
my neighbor had a parrot. Every morning it would scream at the top of its lungs and this lady insisted that she keep the window open by it so it could get some fresh air. It's shrieks literally could be heard 5 blocks away. One surprisingly quiet morning, I looked at her window and it was shut. Later learned that the thing flew out of the window after being let out of its cage never to be seen again. My life has improved fivefold since that moment.
Had a yellow nape amazon that would answer the door to the apartment. People stop by, ring the bell, the bird (cage very close to front door) would ask "Who is it?". People would reply "It's so and so", then nothing. They would ring again, prompting another "Who is it?!" Then get ignored. This bird also would ask "Is it good?" if presented with a new treat or human food he never had before, then you would have to convince that yeah, it's good, try it! If he believed you, he would cautiously take a little taste, then If he liked it, he would go "MmMMMM GOOD!!!" and accept the food from you. 

Had a bare eyed cockatoo named Cotton. He drank and smoked like a fiend. Basically, he would take his claw, put it to his mouth and tip it back along with his head mimicking a beer drinker. He mimicked the smokers cough. Cotton chased a visitor down the hallway yelling "c'mere!! c'mere!!!" as they hauled ass to get away. The visitor got to a spare room and slammed the door just before Cotton got to him. When I went to save my friend, there was Cotton on the floor knocking on the door with his beak saying "ahahaha CMERE!!! ahahaha!!!!". 

My blue and gold macaw is... how do I say.. a little.. slow? Not the sharpest tool in the shed? We just say he's more like a blue and blonde then a blue and gold.

Birds are extremely intelligent, so they suffer horribly in captivity without proper care and attention. They are a good choice for someone that is interested in lifetime companion NOT a pet. No matter what size, they are all fairly noisy, all the way down to the smaller birds like cockatiels, etc. I had a Quaker parrot (also called monk parrot) and her noise level was worse than some of the biggest birds I've owned. I have a parrotlet, and she is a GREAT bird. They are actually the smallest bird in the parrot family, so you still get huge charm and personality just in a smaller package. She isn't too loud, but when she wants something she lets you know loud and clear over and over and over... 
I love African Grays. 

My grandfather got one right before he was diagnosed with Colon cancer that ultimately took his life. That bird loved him. They would sit and sing. I have a cassette tape of my grandfather talking to her. He would sit and they would talk all day. When my brother was born it was the three of them. 

When he died the bird was given to my parents and my brother and I grew up with that bird. She was super smart but I loved that she sounded like my grandfather. 

When I got married we took her because my brother didn't live locally and my mom couldn't handle her. My husband and I drove up to give the bird to my brother and she thrived. 

Fast forward 9 years later and my brother is a fucking idiot gets into financial trouble because he can't shut his fucking mouth and loses his job doesn't call anyone because he's an asshole and leaves the bird in his apartment for god knows how long just abandons her. A year later we find out about this now my step-grandfather is trying to track her down so we can get her back. She's 34 years old and has been in my family longer than I have. 

My  brother is a dick.

**tl:dr 34 year old African Gray abandoned for days in an apartment because brother is a twat now trying to track her down so we can get her back.**
I have an African Grey, can confirm, she is a feathered forever-four-year-old. She will call for my husband by name and if I show up instead she just looks at me like "not this bitch again." She'll call the cats, meow at them and then laugh and laugh.

I hope to someday expand on Dr. Pepperbergs research and use my findings to improve standards and regulations for keeping captive animals, particularly parrots and birds in zoos and aviaries. 

They can easily live 60+ years and require as much love, attention, time and money as a young child. They are not simply "pets." It saddens me how many people take on the responsibility of such an intelligent animal only to rehome or neglect them. Even those who try to do right often make critical mistakes. 
I have a six year old Congo African grey. She's amazing, she speaks mostly in context. Her vocabulary isn't that high but I don't purposefully train her. I let her pick up on whatever she wants, though I do tell her what she's getting when I give her food and treats. All things in due time, she's still really young. She says "come on! Move it!!" when the cats are lurking around her cage. She has a vocabulary of about 15-20 words and phrases so far and she mimics sounds exactly. Car alarms, the alerts from my phone etc. She knows her name and she says "Bubbles" which is my late cats name.  
I wonder if there is a scale out there that shows animal intelligence by how old they would be as humans. I'm guessing wolves, orcas, dolphins, crows and primates would be comparable to children of various ages.
African grey parrot owner. Can confirm. Parrot once went on strike from eating unless he was fed cheeze its.
I don't think most 5 years olds only know 150 words?
https://i.imgur.com/4az5Vt0.gifv
Quick story about how i almost killed an african gray. 

Im not a drinker and started dating this girl who liked to drink a bit. While we were at the liqure store she asked me what i wanted, obviously i had no idea so she asked what i liked. Lemonaid i responded. Perfect she responded. So she got me soco lemonaid. After drinking 3 large glasses, almost the entire bottle "because that shit sneaks up on ya" she stated that i looked hungry. She then made me some vegan eggs and bacon, great fucking choice by the way..  I scarfed that horrible mush down and then it happened. The mouth wattering evilness that happens before you puke. So i ran into the house, through the kitchen where that vile meal was cooked and as i cleared the livingroom where the bird lived, his cage was on the wall where the door was. He said hello to me. I snapped my head to look at him and BAM. I projectile vomited him off his perch. So hard it threw him into the back of the cage and he slid down like a cartoon animation. Poor little fucker wouldent even look at me as i tried to apologise. Needless to say the girl and i broke up shortly after that. But i just thought, hey. At least i didn't puke real eggs and bacon on him. What a horror story that would have been. Just covered in dead animal babies, bacon and booze. 
This is Alex right? The person conducting the study was irene pepperberg IIRC
At the zoo I work at, the two greys we have have learned to mimic our radio call signs, our boss' voice, and they know what department of the zoo they're in. And when we go in the enclosure and catch them for vet check ups, one of them will say "let me go." 

We have a sheet in his records folder called "Shit Tut Says."
He can learn 150 words but can't learn manners. Asshole parrots.
'throw it at the researcher.' 
Yep, that's definitive proof it acts as a five-year-old. Only wish my relatives' dogs could be that smart, then they wouldn't look at you, begging for that delicious food on your knees.
That parrot has more personality than me, I would just take the nut out of confrontation fear.
My Aunt's parrot asks for the doobie.
"take the nut and throw it at the researcher" what a time to be alive
Can confirm. My 4 year old son did something similar with a cookie about 30 minutes ago. 
The parrot experiments are very interesting, but there are clear limitations and I definitely wouldn't call what they can do "the equivalent of a 5 year old". Here is a video of a linguistics professor talking about this specific parrot: he talks about language in general and the whole thing is extremely interesting, but I linked directly to the part about parrots. (Previously he talks about apes)

https://youtu.be/Cq0ALQ8guDE?t=769
It's shocking that we do not use parrots as service animals. With intelligence like that, they could probably be so useful, as well as an amazing companion.
I'm just impressed scientists studied a parrot for 30 years.
Imagine if all this time, animals shared mental capacities of varying stages of the human brain, and WE were the fools for not being able to understand that, falsely assuming ourselves to be uniquely special, just as those who fallback on religious conviction to reassure their place in the great cosmos as extraordinary.

It would be a beautiful discovery, but also one that reveals a monster.
Over on on Parreddit /u/AlexTheScientist posted that after 30 years of studying humans, they still can't tell the difference between a nut and a banana.
One time my parents grey woke me up.  It was repeating my name over and over and over (I wanted to wring it's adorable little neck.)  So, I get dressed and come out of my room.  Well, there Wyatt is, still saying my name.  Pissed that I was woken up, I start saying his name over and over again.  He stops vocalizing and just listens to me "Wyatt, Wyatt, Wyatt, Wyatt" etc.  When I stop he just looks at me, say's my name one more time, and starts eating like nothing ever happened.  Bastard.
The link is not working for me, but this refers to [Alex the Parrot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_(parrot) 


It also says Alex's last words to Pepperberg were: "You be good, see you tomorrow. I love you." These were the same words that he would say every night when Pepperberg left the lab.

I can't lie, I teared up a little bit. Pepperberg must have been SO upset, his 30-year old genius parrot as well as long lasting friend suddenly perished, and then the veterinarian who conducted the necropsy said there was no obvious cause of death. He was in good health the night prior to death.
I shall study my refrigerator for 30 years, and make a living from it, hell I'll share my study with a female partner so that I'm not sexist. 
I feel like this gets posted here all the time. 
Five year old human would get a slap for that behaviour.
''BITCH DID I ASK YOU FOR A NUT?''
My parrot does not say too many words but he interacts with me by letting me know if and what he wants to eat, if he wants to play, when he wants to cuddle and other stuff.  I don't find the article surprising.
You don't have to be able to talk to animals to know they can tell the difference between food.
Wow this human is a fucking idiot. I ask for a banana and he brings me this shit.
God, please tell me there is a video of the fuckin' bird throwing the nut at the researcher.
"ask for a banana. If he was offered a nut instead, he would stare in silence, ask for the banana again, or take the nut and throw it at the researcher."

Yup... sounds like a 5 year old.  My daughter's advanced, she does it at 2.
IIRC Alex the parrot died young and unexpectedly. His last words were the same as what he said every night to his handler. "You be good, see you tomorrow. I love you."
So the [oldest living parrot](http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/world-records/oldest-parrot-living) might be thinking like a 15-year-old.  "PollyWannaLearnersPermit"

edit: oh, right, 13 year old...  stupid math
His name was Alex. He was also capable of combining words to form his own when attempting to get the point across. For example he did not know what an apple was called, so he would ask for a "banerry" a combination of banana and cherry.

Most importantly though, he is the only non human animal to ask an existential question, which was what color he was. To compare, no primate other than humans has even been observed asking a question at all.
Awwwwwwww, I heard of this bird! He was the one who was attributed with the last words "You be good. I love you." :( Poor Alex.
TIL that it must not be immoral for humans to keep their kids in small cages until they are at least 5 years old.
If this is Alex the parrot he accomplished something else even more stunning, he is the only animal to ask an existential question. He asked "what color am I?"
By the time I was five I was able to play video games, read and write.
I call bullshit.
`these fucking oversized monkeys, I learn their language ask for my favourite food and they bring me nuts, I fucking hate nuts´
It's Alex! We have an African grey too, and she is smart as crap. Alex is a celebrity in the bird world
"The intelligence of a 5 year old human" is probably specific to narrow categories. Unless you could teach it 2 languages and make it fix simple toys, it's not as intelligent as a 5 year old.
&gt;intelligence of a five-year-old human.

Color me skeptical. 
Studies like this keep reinforcing, in my head, the idea that we greatly overvalue 5-year-olds and babies.

A parrot is smarter than a baby. A baby is barely sentient. And we get so worked up about x-th trimester abortions.
The parrot also asked the first existential question ever asked by another species. while being quizzed on the color of different object, Alex asked, "What color am I?" to which the researcher responded, "grey". Before his death, Alex was recorded as telling his handler, "I love you. You be good." My heart.....
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2z961t/til_the_first_animal_to_ask_an_existential/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1etqo9/til_alex_the_parrot_was_trained_by_having_a_role/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1dm20f/til_that_alex_the_parrot_was_a_long_term_harvard/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/10ga9t/til_that_the_last_words_of_alex_the_parrot_to_his/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3jt9ds/til_that_a_parrot_named_alex_was_the_very_first/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/358sak/til_that_there_is_a_growing_problem_with_keeping/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3mh9la/til_alex_the_grey_parrot_had_a_vocabulary_of_over/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/i3gpk/til_about_a_parrot_who_was_intelligent_enough_to/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2g4bxn/til_alex_the_parrot_was_a_bird_who_could_talk/
Sad fact: Alex died unexpectedly one night. On that same day, when Alex's researcher shut the lights off and was about to go home as usual, Alex said his last words: "you be good, see you tomorrow! I love you" 
Makes me want to cry every time 
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2z961t/til_the_first_animal_to_ask_an_existential/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3feegv/til_of_alex_the_parrotthe_only_non_human_animal

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3mh9la/til_alex_the_grey_parrot_had_a_vocabulary_of_over/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3jt9ds/til_that_a_parrot_named_alex_was_the_very_first/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/30mha6/til_african_grey_parrots_can_develop_minds/
He had a vocabulary of 150 words and could ask for a banana. If he was offered a nut instead, he would stare in silence, ask for the banana again, or take the nut and throw it at the researcher.

Nothing there is on the level of a 5 year old kid.  
That bird also has the intelligence of the average redditor.
Actually sounds like it has the intelligence of you average SJW 
TIL the average 5 year old must be pretty dumb. 
Intelligence of a five year old and yet it only had a 150 word vocabulary? That doesn't really seem to equate. Could the parrot play card games? Can the parrot read a book? In certain aspects, the parrot may have been as intelligent as a five year old, but I've seen some videos of this parrot, and he is very much below most 5 year olds that I have met. He's still damn smart for a parrot, but nowhere near a 5 year old. He could only recognize quantities up to six. Just about every average 5 year old I've ever met could count to 100.
that's a dumb 5 year old
My four year old can do a lot more than ask for a banana. 
a 5 year old crack baby maybe
I hate to break it to you and the scientists, but those are not the skills of a 30month old human, much less a 5 year old.  Why does TIL always have to be lies?
Sometimes you feel like a nut. 
If this parrot has the intelligence of a five-year-old human than this parrot is already smarter than most adult people.
Damn so he won't like my nuts...
God designed the banana terribly for the parrot.
Here is a youtube video about Alex:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yGOgs_UlEc
So if humans are intelligent and have souls, do parrots have souls also?
"That's not a banana you fucking idiot"
So, I guess this must mean vocabulary and intelligence aren't really linked? Because I sure knew more than 150 words when I was 5.
That's cool. Your making me want a parrot.
If you enjoy concepts like this, you should really read the book *half brother*. It's about a similar thing with a family and a chimp, way underrated.
Its a shame african greys have the temperment of a 2 year old their whole life and usually are only one person birds.
My Dad's bird is a prick the instant i walk through the door
TIL a parrot is smarter than me.  I would have taken that nut like a dumb scrub.
Hug of death... :(
My parrot is also pretty intelligent. His way of asking for food is "Wanna cracker?" If I don't give him what I'm eating, he'll throw it down and ask again. Bastard. 

He also says "Bye" and will "wave" to you, as in he puts his wings up when he says it. They're smart, and sometimes you don't know what all they've picked up until way later. 

He also finds it funny when someone gets hurt, and will laugh to your face if he bites you. 
African greys are smart as whips.  So are cockatoo/cockatiels but act too goofy for anyone to believe that.
I wonder if this is a typical intelligence for parrots, or if this parrot was one of the greatest minds in all of parrot history.
That's hilarious.
So, a five year old fascist
About as intelligent as today's average college student....
RIP 

Now we have Einstein.
hey, birds are awesome.
Polly want a cracker?
Ow shit, never mind you fucking bird!
"I SAID A FUCKING BANANA, GARY!"

— A parrot
Intelligence of a five year old, throws food it doesn't like back at you? 

Yes that checks out. 
TIL parrots can live for 30 years
Before Alex was widely known, I heard stories from friends who owned parrots. One guy (incidentally a top poker writer) said it called him "Daddy" and his wife "Maddy" and, no fooling, when they both showed up at breakfast simultaneously, it said, "Hi, Maddy!" Five year old human? Maybe a very bright five year old. With a sense of humor.
where all them cockatoo gifs at!?
[This parrot just knocked on my door and asked for a banana.](http://i.imgur.com/3n1LQCI.jpg)
Man I am really interested in reading this and it just won't load...
Based on the example in the title this parrot had the intelligence of a two year old. Any other examples of greater intelligence?
of course . see this video . funny parrot 
https://youtu.be/wd1n6E-Aetg
You heard me bitch did I stutter? 
I don't mean to denigrate this awesome bird, but in what sense was he as intelligent as a five-year-old human?  I've met two-year-olds capable of the tasks they describe him doing, and their vocabulary and syntax was much richer.  They are also capable of throwing food in a fit of pique.

Disclaimer: the link was not working for me, so I just reviewed the wikipedia page.  Does the source qualify the five-year-old claim?
I'd rather have a parrot, border-collie or a dolphin around over most people lol
Smart enough to have sass.
I think it's about time we distinguish rights for animals based on intelligent instead of species.
.....parrots can live for 30 years?
I laughed way too hard at him throwing the nut at the researcher
Cobain, Winehouse...but I play the hell out of the article Are you a bird brain?
This last words that this bird said broke my heart. I actually cried
Maybe Polly didn't want a cracker after all...
Rise of the Planet of the Parrots...
30 years studying 1 parrot? I'd blow my brains out after about 10 years of studying the SAME DAMN BIRD.
"I get all this free food and all I have to do is say the same shit over and over"

"look, here comes that idiot scientist now, watch!"
One of my favorite books is about this bird: Alex and Me. I'm sure there are more technical summaries of this bird's life, and there have been a handful of greys that are studied in the same labs, but this one will hit you right in the feels, especially if you're a bird owner. 
That is amazing. Even more so considering the tiny size of a parots brain.
"If he was offered a nut instead, he would stare in silence"
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-VHTIE_CNxss/UBUpiUMY-MI/AAAAAAAAB8Q/teSZHq1lIdQ/s1600/samuel-l-jackson-stare.gif
Or when I think someone may have been Humans or possibly Neanderthals.
And now, here's Karl Tanner reincarnated as a bird https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRRIjOkzHPM
What an asshole.
I honestly think Alex is no record of that ever happening.
In other news, the me generation is still trying break that age 5 maturity level barrier.
TIL That animals do in fact have some intelligence.

People, let's not forget that Homo sapiens sapiens is as much of an animal as a squirrel or a chicken.

We only had the chance to be able to use tools (as do many other animals) and we luckily conquered fire, which made digestion of a lot of stuff easy. Having more resources available, our brains slowly developed over millions of years, and voilà.

Feed chimpanzees with lots of highly nutritional food, and if we are still, someday, we will have to share the planet.
Sounds more like the 70 and 80 year olds in my clinic
Seriously, what five year olds are they comparing with? Have these researchers ever talked to one?
What if the parrots get too intelligent and take us over!!!! 😱
Don't most five-year-olds know more than 150 words?
"What are you, five?! I said B-A-N-A-N-A! Stupid labcoat monkey!"

savage af
How am I supposed to measure stuff for Reddit with THIS?! 
Link no work :(
Stupid humans.
google Alex the african grey, or Avian Learning EXperiment
"Sir, our report concluded the parrot had the intelligence of a 5 year old... A shitty one, but still!"
150 word vocabulary sounds much more like an 18 month old than a five year old.
Once you account for was a bossy bird.
https://youtu.be/7yGOgs_UlEc
My 5 year old knows way more than 150 words. And he will go raid the pantry for a fucking banana.  This bird overhyped.
He had also told the researcher "be good I love you" before he left for the evening. When they came back in the morning the bird had passed away. 
Surely the "intelligence of a five-year-old" is more than just being able to use a certain number of words. Right?

It's still impressive, nonetheless.
A five year old is waaaaaay too smart to be compared to a parrot 5 year olds can read, write, sing , dance, comprehend and draw how in gods name is a parrot that smart because it can ask for a banana? Really? Scientist you say? Really? 
I highly doubt it had the intelligence of a 5-year-old. Could it speak in complete sentences, carry on extended conversations, read, and do math? Because 5-year-old humans can do that. 
such bullshit
Thats nuts!
footage?
This was an African Grey Parrot, I think?
Hey - hey, cut it out.  Scientists in the 18th and 19th centuries theorized that animals are brainless machines in spite of doing zero research, and that's still good enough today.  Jeez.
I think we killed the link reddit! im only getting this message so ether we have overloaded there server or they have blocked traffic from reddit lmao "You don't have permission to access /blog/healthcare-news/are-you-a-bird-brain-you-may-wish-you-were/ on this server."
Yep, that's a five year old. 
I guess this gives the phrase "bird brain" a whole new meaning.
Seriously how does one get a job studying a parrot for 30 years and does it pay well?
I met Alex. He was cool. My partner trained him for one of those 30 years.

Hey /u/moonsprite,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
A 5-year-old can do much more than that. My 2-year-old has all those bases covered.
Humans will never know how smart animals are as we always measure them against our abilities.
Sounds more like a three year old!
Referring to the planning of the first DDoS against Scientology:

&gt;“I think it’s time for /b/ to do something big,” someone posted on 4chan. “I’m talking about ‘hacking’ or ‘taking down’ the official Scientology Web site.” An Anon used YouTube to issue a “press release,” which included stock footage of storm clouds and a computerized voice-over. 

&gt;“We shall proceed to expel you from the Internet and systematically dismantle the Church of Scientology in its present form,” the voice said. “You have nowhere to hide.” 

C'mon, /b/. Give me some closure here, already.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_fax.

The term black fax refers to a prank fax transmission, consisting of one or more pages entirely filled with a uniform black tone. The sender's intention is generally to use up as much of the recipient's fax ink, toner, or thermal paper as possible, thus costing the recipient money and/or denying the recipient use of their own machine (this is similar to computer-based denial of service attacks). This is made easier because the fax transmission protocols compress the solid black image very well, so a very short fax call can produce many pages.
So how many ink cartridges can I buy with a billion dollars, anyway?

What are you gonna do next, turn up their water heater to waste electricity?

&amp;nbsp;

^(*WAIT TILL YOU SEE YOUR ELECTRIC BILL, FUCKERS!!!*)
That'll show em.
That's a fax bomb.

In the old days, you would tape two or three pages of black paper and fax it to someone, as the end comes through the fax machine, you quickly tape it to the back end that has yet to go through the machine, Thus creating a "loop" that never stops faxing, unless they hang up their end.

edit: speaking of bombs... this blew up. wow.
SYSK?
Should change their name to "Inconvenient."
Hit em' in the wallet, where it counts..
Should have sent a bunch of all-white faxes to deplete their white ink cartridges. ^^^^^/s
Except it could be an efax service and then it's lame and pointless
I also listened to "stuff you should know" last night. 
Oh my god that could have cost them literally *hundreds* of dollars and *minutes* of minor frustration.
Professor Chaos strikes again. 
1.2 billion dollar organization $60 toner cartridge, yeah, you only need to do this 20 million times.
Stuff you should know?
I thought faxes didn't use toners but rather special paper that turned black on touching a hot surface? Kind of like running your nail quickly through a receipt, it'd turn it black. no?
Its an old trick, 

In the good old days when you caught a fax spammer, you would grab 3 black A4 pages and tape them togather, call his fax and basicly burn out his toner. 

Unfortunatly in the 1990´s SoftFaxes came in to effect, every 1200 or 2400 baud modem had a integrated fax and would save faxes internaly on a file instead of printing them. 

And in modern ages, the fax machines that are still used have a memory storage, incoming faxes are stored in a flash memory buffer and the fax notifies you when a new one came in, you would review it before printing it. 

the only use today is keeping the line busy, but since newer lines are fibre optic or LTE and copper pairs are being removed in modern nations i suspect that the fax will be relegated to history soon enough. 
TIL fax machines used ink, not thermal paper.
I too listen to stuff you should know
What a minor inconvenience 
Sounds about Anonymous's speed
As I recall, most fax paper actually uses heat-sensitive material rather than ink, so you don't actually deplete somebody's ink by sending them black faxes. (You do deplete their fax paper, though.)
I feel like Anon can only commit acts of inconvenience. 
*THOUSANDS* of all-black faxes ?  How does that work ?  
  
"I don't know sir, I've been refilling the tray in the fax machine with several box-loads of paper, and these faxes keep coming.  If we get another 700 or 800 faxes, we might just have to pull the plug."
I find it hilarious that people don't realize that fax is still a major part of the business world.
I wonder if Anonymous realizes that most big institutions get faxes as digital files?
Stuff You Should Know?
The only time 4chan had a positive interaction with blacks.
Or to have no effect because it's 2015 and every remaining fax machine is engineered to prevent these kinds of attacks.
/r/pettyrevenge 
They never just unplugged them?
Not very environmentally friendly :/
Oh, that's a mild inconvenience.
Oh, man! Such rebels! I mean how CAN you print something when you have NO ink?! It's impossible!
Odd,  when environmental activists did that,  they were arrested. ..
And then they ordered them a bunch of pizzas. Yuck. Yuck.
Nobody needs those trees in Brazil anyways
And the Church turned their faxes off about 15 minutes into the attack.
Reddit was right. These people are heroes.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/circlebroke2] [Reddit likes juvenile pranks and anonymous internet trolls; doesn't like Scientology](https://np.reddit.com/r/circlebroke2/comments/3ubt9t/reddit_likes_juvenile_pranks_and_anonymous/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
The fact that this is in TIL makes me feel fucking elderly. I used to do Chanologly protests to the point where I remember the fact that the Fawkes masks were chosen not only for the bullshit "revolutionary" reasons, but because EFG wore them. My high school boyfriend, best friend, and myself would go to protests in Richmond, VA; they tracked his license plate and sent one of their skinhead looking goons to deliver a cease and desist letter to his house one time. 
To be fair, ink is expensive.  And businesses fax shit all the time.  Last time I checked, Scientology is a business.

Not saying it changed the world, but it made a bunch of shitty peoples' lives suck just a bit more.

It also probably took marginally less effort than, say, hacking the Pentagon.
Honestly, apart from just putting Scientology in the spotlight for a while, the blackfaxes were the most damage chanology did. They DDoSed Scientology sites until they moved the servers to a Mexican company that specializes in protecting from DDoS attacks, then everyone was like "Welp, so much for that whole systematically taking down Scientology thing." some guy was like "I'm gonna go to the local Scientology office and cover their bathroom in shit." That was the best anon had.

I was a /b/tard and got super into Project Chanology. That whole series of events opened my eyes about the direction my life was heading. 

Anon was basically called to war and despite being millions strong, couldn't get out of their collective basements and accomplish something.
I entered my name on a Scientology conference where they where having free food.  Just so I can get a fee meal.  They have been sending hand written   junk mail  for the past 20 years to the tune of like 3 dollars a month.  I never ever wrote back or called.  They waste tons of money.
I too listen to Stuff You Should Know. 
Found the Stuff You Should Know listener!
honestly, how is this on the front page.
*This will hit these billionaires where it hurt them the most. Mohahaha* KEVIN, for the hundreth time, come down for dinner. *Kevin, the hacker, leaves his room for a casserole dinner with his family. But he will soon be back, hackng the interwebs and making the terrorists cringe in fear. Tomorrow he is planning to sign them up for thousands of newsletters mohaha
This is why some people don't take anon seriously. 
/r/circlejerk 
This doesn't actually work.  For one thing, most places use electronic fax systems, so you're only wasting kilobytes of disk space, and even then only until they delete them.  For another, most physical fax machines have systems to detect all-black, and other malformed, faxes and don't print them.  For another, most fax machines, both electronic and physical, detect faxes more than a certain number of pages and terminate the fax after that limit is reached.  For another, most people would simply unplug their fax for a few hours if they received a bunch of all-black faxes.

Oh, and even if this worked then all they did was waste a little bit of ink and paper.  This kind of shit is why no one takes anonymous seriously.  It's nothing more than a bunch of script kiddies running DDOS clients and sending black faxes.
Phase 2 will be putting petroleum jelly under all their car door handles.
#blackfaxesmatter
"hacking"
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/09/08/masked-avengers) reduced by 99%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Doyon&amp;#039;s superior in the P.L.F., who still lived in Cambridge and communicated with him via e-mail, had ordered Doyon to monitor Anonymous.

&gt; In the summer of 2011, Doyon succeeded Adama as Supreme Commander of the P.L.F. Doyon recruited roughly half a dozen new members and attempted to position the P.L.F. as an &amp;eacute;lite squad within Anonymous.

&gt; Josh Covelli, the Anon who had been eager to help Doyon with Operation Peace Camp, told me that his &amp;quot;Jaw dropped&amp;quot; when he saw a video of Doyon&amp;#039;s press conference online.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3uauzy/til_that_anonymous_sent_thousands_of_allblack/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~17649 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Doyon**^#1 **Anonymous**^#2 **Anon**^#3 **told**^#4 **site**^#5

Post found in [/r/todayilearned](http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3uapwx/til_that_anonymous_sent_thousands_of_allblack/), [/r/TrueReddit](http://np.reddit.com/r/TrueReddit/comments/2hsrsu/an_inside_look_at_anonymous_the_radical_hacking/), [/r/dmad14](http://np.reddit.com/r/dmad14/comments/2g08or/new_yorker_profile_of_anonymous/), [/r/BerkeleysNide](http://np.reddit.com/r/BerkeleysNide/comments/2fqsvb/an_inside_look_at_anonymous_the_radical_hacking/), [/r/technology](http://np.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2fjo7d/the_masked_avengers_how_anonymous_incited_online/), [/r/techolitics](http://np.reddit.com/r/techolitics/comments/2fl8zx/the_masked_avengers_how_anonymous_incited_online/), [/r/snowden](http://np.reddit.com/r/snowden/comments/2fd1ue/the_masked_avengers_how_anonymous_incited_online/), [/r/politics](http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/2fb124/an_inside_look_at_online_activist_group_anonymous/), [/r/Foodforthought](http://np.reddit.com/r/Foodforthought/comments/2fam64/an_inside_look_at_anonymous_the_radical_hacking/), [/r/POLITIC](http://np.reddit.com/r/POLITIC/comments/2fb15g/an_inside_look_at_online_activist_group_anonymous/) and [/r/realtech](http://np.reddit.com/r/realtech/comments/2f8tty/how_anonymous_incited_online_vigilantism_from/).

Hey /u/barryhover,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Someone has been listening to the stuff you should know podcast.
This reminds me of a 8chan thread when valve started making mods cost money. http://imgur.com/a/K14fJ
I would imagine they are using digital images of faxes by now.
You know, my office doesn't print faxes. They're emailed to us. They're emailed to a phone number which sends it to the front desk email, and then the front desk workers forward the scanned document (it's emailed as a PDF) to whomever it's supposed to be sent to.
I bet Tom Cruise was pissed
All of the faxes that come through our company are forwarded to email as a PDF and not immediately printed. All this would accomplish is pissing off the poor sap(me) who has to sift through and sort all the emails each day.
Little did they know they switched to efax...
Efax it wouldn't matter. They could just open it and delete.  Oh but they did waste time. 
Interesting idea, and every bit helps, but this just kind of seems like gluing your schoolmates books to their desk (I did that).
People still use faxes? Did I wake up in the '90s this morning?
What? Like they can't afford printer ink...
Computerized faxes have been around for a long time, where a computer receives the fax, which then writes it to a file, so that doesn't burn through any INK.
To be fair, the Cult of Scientology has infiltrated governments, bought companies, and ruined journalists over less. 
Couldn't they just turn off their machines?
What's next, glitter-bombs? 
Anonymous, my arse.  This was happening all throughout the 80s and 90s.  
Anonymous? Lol 
I thought that this was more common knowledge, but the comments make it seem like it was a secret until some podcast talked about it.  2008 wasn't that long ago,  and anonymous couldn't shut up about it! 
Anyone still using a fax deserves to be fucked with. 
My idea of the day : 
Anonymous should register all the ISSI accounts they identify to loads and loads of gay porn. 
Then we just wait for them to convert to a less sexually repressed lifestyle and/or kill each other for their exposure to this devilish horrors.   
Do fax machines actually have ink? I thought it's just thermal paper
I feel like this would be fitting for that meme where the cute little wolf is howling.
I did not expect to read so much when I clicked that link
Black faxes matter
People make fun of this a lot but it was not done to bankrupt them or anything. It was done to piss them off because c'mon, how annoying is that?
The entire New Yorker article is fascinating
I don't know what to think of this story. It's just.....I don't know if any of this does any good, except for people patting each other on the back, congratulating each other on minimally inconveniencing people who they disagree with. That, and a convicted drug dealer hiding from the authorities. 
Did anyone else actually read the entire piece? 
Love it!
Aliens don't need ink cartridges. o_O
The machines were loaded with so much paper that it was able to drain all their ink? Think this might be exaggerated a wee bit.
Someone used to do that at my office, so I started unplugging the fax machine when I left the office.  Then I started getting funny-voiced phone messages asking why I had unplugged the fax machine.  Weeks later I found out it was someone in a prank war that thought I was someone else and they mailed me a refill kit that I still use today.
If they use thermal fax machines, that's kind of pointless since those don't use ink. Then again, it would still waste moderately expensive thermal paper, so I guess it's not an entirely wasted idea. Still, kinda bush-league.
\#blackfaxesmatter
i kinda love these guys. trying to expose the KKK made me smile. when i was 13 my BF's mom was on jury duty &amp; KKK burned a cross on their lawn to try to scare her mom. white pro-civil rights mom was not impressed.

edit: KKK burned a cross
I learned a lot more than just that from this story. 

This was very interesting. 
My old fax machine used thermal paper, so there was no ink required. 
It's REALLY weird seeing a project I was a part of back in the days of IRC referred to as a part of history or /r/todayilearned

Old. I feel old.
Somebody listens to "Stuff You Should Know"
"Fucking Stevie Wonder is faxing us again"
I love the idea of anonymous but it bums me out all of their activities are the digital equivalent of spit balls in a classroom.  Watch out, your Netflix account is next.
Anonymous is a fucking joke. They're like 13 year olds pulling pranks. They can't be taken seriously and at most cause annoyance. Honestly that's what they should be called - Annoyance. 
Somebody explain to me why Reddit has such a hard-on for Muslims, yet Scientologists don't get a pass.
Reddit's crazy about Anonymous now are they
TIL anonymous is 12
... It makes me feel old when people post a TIL that I participated in.
Those shits live by their fax machines. When I worked in a newsroom as soon as a local solider died  they would spam our fax machines with notifications of their imminent protests. 

They don't show up, of course. But, some outlet would inevitably run the story giving them the attention they wanted. We refused. 

But, in all honesty, an around the clock attack jamming their fax lines would prevent them from sending out there press releases. With email, it's easy to filter that shit out, but when you get like 10 faxes a day from those shit heads eventually some intern is going to blog about it.


This is why I laugh when people tell me they're excited that Anonymous 'declared war on ISIS' or that they're afraid of Anonymous because x, y, or z. Because they're literally internet pranksters. Nothing more. 
Am I the only person who thinks they should have sent a different variant of the Nigerian Bank Scam to the C of Scientology?
Thanks Stuff you Should know
Fax machines don't have ink.
so hardcore.
Professor chaos!
What's next?

Changing the A/C from 78° F to 79° F?

Disabling their morning alarms?


#BlackFaxMatter
But.. black faxes matter..
How are they still profitable!?  Doing that more than once will bankrupt nations!
Its a pretty common practice of theirs.  They did this to our local PD.

"And that was an end to that"
They got faxes? What is this, 1991?
Cringe
So this is how they plan to take down ISIS eh?  Sounds like a prank dreamed up by a 12 year old...
Joke is on them. Those ink cartridges would have purged themselves empty over time.
Trust me, I'm a printer technician.
They can buy new ones with all the money the government is saving them
And lo and behold, the birth of the one true prophet came to be. A simple but strong idol, the one called EFG.
Thanks Stuff You Should Know!! great podcast
Stuff you should know 
.... I don't think it works like that. I've gotten bored and tried sending an all black fax to a different machine at my job, and it just simply doesn't print. I end up faxing a blank page. And our fax machines were purchased all the way back in 2001. 
Muohahhahahahahahhaha
Someone listened to Stuff You Should Know this week...
they w9ould
They should have done all brown. It uses the most colors. Black ink is it's own separate cartridge.
But... Faxes don't use ink cartridges. They use toner cartridges.
TIL people are still using faxes.
Literally costing them thousands of cents in damage.
Anonymous does it again!
That'll impress the waifus. 
Could they not just unplug their fax machine?
I hate when you read a TIL that you already knew ;( it's like "I could have been on the front page for learning this today??"
Hittin 'em right where it hurts
This is basically what people did when Valve and Bethesda tried to sell Skyrim mods. People emailed Valve constantly and faxed black pages to their office all during the weekend and they pulled support for paid modding that Monday because the backlash was costing them too much.
I sent the KKK a dozen pizzas..stuffed crust...muwhahahaha 
Somebody listens to "Stuff You Should Know." 
Gosh, isn't that passively-agressive.
Did you get that from the Stuff You Should Know podcast by any chance?
Holy Christ, what a rambling article.
The most passive of agressive
Troll level: Theta
After the first three, wouldn't they just relay faxes to a computer and pick which ones to print...? 

TIL anonymous succesfully organized a massive operation against the Church of Scientology, including worldwide protests, changes to the law and tax free status, releasing Scientology's texts for free, publicizing Scientology's horrendous history of abuse and murder, helping to delegitimize the cult and save peoples lives and finances, and pranking them with black faxes. 
how petty. i love it.
The more I hear about them the more I think Anonymous is just a bunch of immature shut-ins that learned how to computer.
Yeah, I listened to that SYSK today too
This is the best thing I read all day
The horror!
I remember when I was 13 and thought Anonymous was a group of inspirational freedom fighters.

Now I just cringe whenever I even see a Guy Fawkes mask.
Let's fax North Korea.
Whether they can get ISIS or not, I don't know, but these guys are pretty amusing.
TIL church of scientology has a fax machine
Staples and other office supply stores really appreciate it 
Happened in 2008 put all those telegraph operators out of all kinds of stuff this way.
OP linked to a new yorker article so... CITATION NEEDED 
Queue the wolf puppy meme, or whatever.
Let's forget the massive protests and marches against Scientology and focus on the faxing. That'll work.
That was a great article.  

...but THAT was your takeaway?
Those rascals.
And the church of Scientology said in response - "awhh.. Oh well"
I imagined a bunch of hackers conspiring at a large table with a huge green screen in the back with a map of the world speaking in olde tyme gangster accents. 
"Myah ya seee. We'll hit 'em where it hurts ya seee!"
I feel like 50% of TIL posts are just things people heard on Stuff You Should Know each week.
As a kiwi this makes me happy. 
An old bash fortune I saw once:

&gt; &lt;noskill&gt; I was banned from my junior highs network for having every printer in the school print 5000 pages of "FEED ME PAPER!" simultaneously
what about identyfiing theirs banks accounts and give that money to the counter issis thingssssss
CEOs of Inkjet &amp; Lexmark secretly bankrolling anonymous.
Funny! I snort laughed.
do you listen to stuff you should know?
Assuming the average price for black ink cartridges is $12 and they discovered her to be lying about pretty much everything she said about the Germans invading the U.S. after I heard that episode.
I remember doing this back then.

We also flushed rubber gloves down their toilets
Well that showed them! Maybe now they can fax a million copies to ISIS too.
I see that you heard the new Stuff You Should Know podcast :)
That was actually a very good and long essay, sounding like something out of a movie. Definitely read the whole thing. Up voted. 
I'm so stoked that they think that a cult that is literally made of money is going to notice this.
They should email them all white images, that'll deplete their displays of photons
It's like the time Kramer removed the silica packets from the clothing store.
Next they'll mess with the ISIS coffee machine. Scalding their tongues so they can't say bad things anymore
Did they get sued in England?
I see you to listen to Stuff You Should Know, was a really interesting episode. Didn't know they started from 4chan 
Here's the thing. We all know one or more people killed her. And the military chain of command knows they are covering up a murder. And nothing has been done about it. Not by officers higher up. Not by generals higher up, not by W. Bush, not by Obama - even though you can bet they know about it as this had received national attention. Think about that for a moment.

**Edit**: here's an article from earlier this year...

**Ten years later, a soldier's family still grieves and questions the Army's version of her death**  
 http://news.stlpublicradio.org/post/ten-years-later-soldiers-family-still-grieves-and-questions-armys-version-her-death

**Edit2**: Petitions I have been informed of:

MoveOn.org: http://petitions.moveon.org/sign/lavena-johnson

Whitehouse.gov: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov//petition/launch-new-investigation-death-army-private-lavena-lynn-johnson
A similar thing happened to a friend of mine.  We were in basic training and AIT together, then both got stationed at Ft. Hood but in different units.  She died during her second deployment under some very suspicious circumstances.  7 years later I still don't know exactly what happened to her, and I probably will never find out.  Army said she committed sucide by overdosing, but they had her heart and brain removed during the autopsy so the family was unable to conduct their own investigation.  It breaks my heart to think of her and all the agony her family must go through.

http://womensenews.org/story/military/101217/mother-one-dead-soldier-suspects-sex-assault
I debated creating a throwaway for commenting on this, but fuck it.  I wasn't killed but I still want to share my experience:

I was a 19 year old virgin

Raped in Barracks in Okinawa (I was USMC E-2)

Was told I would die if I told, so didn't report it for 2 months

Was hazed by attacker (E-4) and constantly harassed in the mean time.

Came forward after eventually having a breakdown at work, and because I admitted I had been drinking WAY earlier that evening (when I was raped I was sober and doing laundry in the common area) I was NJP'd for underage drinking

Guy committed some more crimes and more rapes but nobody else came forward.

Guy continued to live in barracks and turned whole unit against me.

Guy was married so in addition to my Underage drinking charge, I was also charged with adultry "for my part" and conduct unbecoming in the barracks.  

I was found guilty.  No rank reduction, but restriction and extra duties.  Guy was still not charged at the time.

First Sgt calls my boyfriend in a completely different unit to get dirt on me (like, asking if I was a slut, etc).  Boyfriend gets freaked and dumps me ("you're not as cool as I thought you were".  He had no idea about the rape).

Rapist committed more crimes and finally robbed a taxi driver and was put through a Summary Court Martial.  Victim's Advocate told me I wouldn't have to testify (this was like 8 mo later and I wanted to move on with my life) but I was tricked into appearing (was supposed to just confirm that I was found guilty of adultry) and then they went into "did he do you from behind" "did you go down on him", etc.  It was completely traumatizing.  NCIS testified that I never changed my story and was believable.

Guy was found not guilty for the rape, but guilty for everything else, and admin-sepped from the USMC (meaning an honorable discharge).  

If anyone doesn't know what a summary court martial is, it's totally fucked up:  This one was conducted by a Major who wore all hats: Prosecutor, Defense, Judge, and Jury all in one.

I looked like a liar.  It's honestly amazing that I even recovered from that experience, but I hardly think about it.  The VA offers me counseling related to this incident and free anti-depressants but that's pretty much it.
Heard about this not too long ago. I have a good friend who was raped over there. When she got back to the unit, her security clearance was suspended "pending mental health evaluation." She basically got raped and then lost her job. It's really sad how a lot of women who face trauma are treated in the military. I have done what I can to speak out about this but I feel I need to do more. 
Her parents must be barely able to maintain self control
It is so obviously rape and murder that the lack of justice is infuriating.  How high up in the military ranks does the willful silencing of such matters go?  What's also infuriating is knowing that there are likely many other military deaths similar to this one.
Only in the military will the evidence stack up like this and still be ruled a suicide.
There is a really well made documentary about the rape culture in the American military. It's called The Invisible War. I highly recommend it.
At least she did not tie both hands behind her back before committing suicide.  
The reality that whoever committed this crime is still serving as active duty in the Army is really disturbing.
Being a parent, I feel really bad for her parents. Not getting any answers on an obvious murder/rape. I would choke my way up that political ladder for some answers. 
If we can't trust the US military to stop its own soldiers from raping each other, how can we trust them to stop its soldiers from raping the local people of a foreign country they operate in? Madness. 
According to wikipedia, 15% of female veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan who have visited a Veterans Affairs (VA) facility have screened positive for military sexual trauma.  I for one would not want my daughter to go somewhere where 15% of the women are raped. 
 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexual_assault_in_the_United_States_military
Why any woman would even think about enlisting in the US military with the level of injustices that go on regarding rape and such is beyond me
Yes, because if I was going to kill myself, I would first smash my own face against a concrete wall, break my own nose, punch myself in the eyes, knock my teeth loose, pour acid on my crotch, and *then* shoot myself in the head. /s

This story makes me so sad and sick. The cover-up is nearly as bad as the assault itself. That these pieces of human filth (assuming more than one assailant) not only get to walk free, but will be hailed as HEROES by the American people! Damn them. Damn them all to hell!
A little late to the party but, Officers that are higher up have complete and total discretion (until recently I believe). If a woman were to come to them and tell them they were being raped, stalked or abused 9 times out of ten they would be told that the woman is asking for it, or just completely ignored. 

According to Department of Defense records over eighty percent of sexual assault cases are not reported in the military, which means over sixteen thousand men and women are raped, beaten, stalked etc. every year and only around 3,000 are reported and of that 3,000 maybe barely 100 are prosecuted.


Edit: The Invisible War is on Netflix, watch it!
If I'm not mistake I remember this article if not a similar one. It was at the wake and the mother was looking at her daughter's body when she found the hole in the back of her head and she realized something was up. It's really sad that any organization would rather sweep this death under the rug and allow someone to get away with murder than bring justice to a wrongful death. 
Clearly a suicide. What? Have you never bashed your face into a wall repeatedly while rubbing your genitals with a good acid lather, then finished it off with a gun shot? No? Pfft, fucking amateurs
"He committed suicide by shooting himself in the back 47 times." - some movie title I can't remember
Rape in the US military is treated really badly. The "pretend it didn't happen, or else" kind if bad, and if you know people it happened to, many do nothing and just hope the guy says away because they know they will not only not get help, but much worse, get to suffer anything the army can in any way throw at them 
Tortured and raped by brothers in arms 
Too many coverups in the army. All distorted to look like patriotism and sacrifice. 
Look up military rape statistics and consider for a minute they are probably underplayed. 14% Of girls in the military reported being raped by more than one person at a time ( Gang bang ) but ya lets keep calling all of our soldiers hero's 

We are taking 18-21 year old guys who don't have their life together and are financially and usually mentally unstable and giving them training. Then telling them EVERYONE owes them a debt they are hero's and America should be grateful for their sacrifice. Its no wonder the rape statistics are so high and we have so many homeless vets.   

Downvote the shit out of this for posting my opinion and not praising US soldiers like a good American. 
Fuck joining the military if they wont have your back.
If this is how they treat their own, I wonder how they treated Iraqis..?
Wow she hadn't even turned 20 yet. She was a kid...
This happened to by friends brother. His death was ruled a suicide but they found defensive wounds on his body and he showed no signs of depression. He was supposed to be coming home in a few weeks.
On the subject of rape within the US military, I recommend this documentary: [The Invisible War](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fBaFQk6aE0)
I wear her name on a KIA bracelet, along with PFC Tina Priest, whose death is similar. 
There's an excellent documentary about 4-5 female marines/soldiers (sorry, not American, bad at remebering this), who got raped by fellow soldiers/marines and who got no justice, but they teamed together to fight the system. 

As a human, not only a woman, i was so apalled by what they have done to that poor woman... i hope that her family gets some closure soon... 
I've heard about this and i wonder if it really was a suicide after a brutal rape and assault. If that's the case I wish the victim would have taking the attackers lives instead. 😢 RIP 
Sounds like the spy dood in this country who climbed into a duffle bag zipped it up from the outside and killed himself. 
They send in children barely out of highschool and normal folks to do the work of the evil and outsiders mostly because they are cheap.

I remember this. Unfuckingbelievable. Rape in the armed forces is an epidemic.
She may have committed suicide due to trauma from the obvious physical and sexual abuse.
10 years ago! damn, most of the people involved in the rape have probably been promoted a few times now. There is no way anyone will ever come forward with this. 

What could we do to reignite this flame? This poor girls family is still looking for answers. Could we protest at Army recruiting events? Maybe protest around their offices in DC? Have signs specifically telling female soldiers to NOT enlist.


Wow that is fucked! There have been many tragedies committed by U.S. Soldiers both to other U.S. soldiers and allies but to a portion of the INNOCENT local population as well. It's no wonder some of these people are being radicalized so easily.
And they wonder why enlistment numbers are down....
This is awful. How have I not heard of this? Maybe I was too young and didn't care at the time, but still... Fucking awful.
Yep that doesn't sound like a suicide 
See, any indication that "the  troops" aren't paragons of virtue is bad news because it makes it harder to  recruit naive young  people willing to go of to some godforsaken desert and get shot at for shit pay, and then  what will we feed the war machine?  

Same reason the hawks are so squeamish about stories of homeless veterans, or problems at the VA.
&gt;"The daughter of Dr. John Johnson, a service veteran, and Linda Johnson,[1] Johnson was born and grew up in **Florissant, Missouri.** The 5'1" African American honor student enlisted in the Army immediately after graduating from **Hazelwood Central High School. ** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_LaVena_Johnson

When the first thing you read is she grew up in the same twon/went to the same highschool as you. 
[In one study, 37 percent of female veterans report being raped at least twice. About 75 percent of women who were assaulted did not report their attacks. 62 percent of victims who reported sexual assault experienced retaliation.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/soraya-chemaly/military-sexual-assault-facts_b_4281704.html)
It is just sad as fuck that this has to be done from our end. Military... get your shit together...
who would even investigate something like this?

I live in the UK, so I admit to being ignorant on the subject, but I've heard so many time about how the Police over in the U.S. Are basically responsible for doing their own "internal investigations" when there's alleged unjust cop shootings. Please correct me if I'm wrong.

Is it the same for the army? Is there another organisation that investigates these situations? Because, petitioning for an investigation into this is almost pointless if it'll be the army doing the investigation - they're the ones who have already covered this up, blatantly so too.
Because people who commit suicide always pour acid on their genitals. 
That was sad
[The Invisible War](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Invisible_War). 
Students were very moved by LaVena’s story, she said. They reviewed every page of the documents, the photographs, talked to witnesses and dozens of independent experts -- and recreated the scene.  

“There was nothing about this case that we could go back to the Army to say you need to re-look at it,’’ she said. “We didn’t have anything new. We didn’t have anything that suggested wrongdoing.’’

A civilian organization analyzed the evidence themselves, spending 3 years on it when they normally spend 1, and found nothing new to tell the Army.  It sounds like a cover-up, maybe it is, but when you have multiple groups finding the same thing... maybe it is the same thing.
I would strongly reconsider signing up for military service if I was a woman.
[deleted]
So she was raped and murdered.

I can't think of any other reason to give her an acid douche but destroying evidence. 


This is SO PREVALENT in the army I wonder why the public still be calm about it. 

Not just women, but men were also raped. 
I know a woman whose husband was shot by his roommate four years ago in his tent while in Afghanistan. After six months of investigation it was clear that it was murder, but at the trial it was ruled as an unfortunate accident. This is because it was a trial put on by the army, and it would look much worse on them if the truth came out about the roommate having PTSD and going crazy one day with a loaded gun. Such a shame. 
One tiny bit of sunshine;

My best friend was in the Army. He found out another soldier had raped a girl.

My friend broke his finger bashing the rapists face and threw him through a window.


That's all I've been able to get him to tell me.
I feel like this isn't super uncommon either. I had a girlfriend who was kind of a mess cuz apparently her husband committed suicide. It was awhile before I learned that it wasn't just that he committed "suicide". It's that they had been only married briefly, considered each other soul mates, he got deployed (I forget for what faction but some where in the Middle East) and a few months later she got told he killed himself and refused to release details or the body. She said the last time she talked to him he was fine. The whole situation was apparently really Messed up
As a veteran I'm VERY upset at this.  The truth should be known.  She died in the service of her country.  Other service members are in enough danger as is.  They should get to work in a safe environment free of fellow service members that would do ANY of them harm.
USA! USA! USA!
I never knew this happened. This is really fucked up.
&gt; *ruled a suicide*

And yet there was evidence of rape... So she could have raped herself then?
If they cover this up for their own soldiers, what the hell did they cover up for civilian deaths?
This is fucking awful, wtf. 
I don't care what they say, this was murder.
I don't really know what people expect. For the history of mankind armies have been made up of the scum of society. They are brutal, terrifying things for both those inside and outside. They have to be, by their very nature. Just because they pay for some patriotic rah-rah commercials you suddenly think they are these wonderful people? 
I remember this story very well at that time I heard about it and thought holy shit this will be all over the news and then nothing was ever heard from again. Thinking back I can only imagine the pain and terror this poor girl had to go through all because she wanted to serve her country....and to think this happened (from what I remember) in her barracks she didn't die on the battle field someone who had access to the barracks beat her and then raped her and my only hope is that they poured that corrosive chemical on her body after they put a bullet in her head so that way she wouldn't have to experience something so horrific..why are we here again? 
All of these Wikipedia articles say that *powerful* people were calling for the truth and investigations, but then nothing seems to happen. I'm guessing that's because the genuinely *powerful* people are probably those we don't know about, not the ones you know vote for and see on the television.
[The US armed forces is riddled with rape](http://www.militarytimes.com/story/military/pentagon/2014/12/04/pentagon-rand-sexual-assault-reports/19883155/).
The army soldiers i met while deployed were a great bunch of guys.  Always laughing, having a good time, cracking jokes on each other.  Good times...until we talked about death.  They had been so desensitized to the loss of life, that the combat career either attracted those who are numb/ chased it, or this was their defense mechanism against it.  

I vividly remember a story about a man who was cut in half from a malfunctioning Bradley which slipped into gear and pinned him between the front and rear hatch of another.  The dying soldiers friend ran up, bawling.  They were making fun of him.  "You're my boy, blue!"  Doctors and nurses who deal with death are told to see patients as subjects, not people, that they can deal with the loss.  You could safely assume soldiers NEED to do this to get by as their  career is to (sometimes) cause death.

This is how they taught my wife and I to deal with death as it concerned the medical aspects, but neither of us were combat primarily.  These individuals were so far removed from their humanity, it was just natural to them.  The alternative theory is they enjoyed it, and didn't need war as an excuse.
This is just plain wrong.  How can anyone with the slightest amount of intelligence rule that a suicide.  The person who raped and killed this girl must be very high up in the military.  I wonder who was in command on the ground in Iraq in 2005?
Not saying this is what happened, but from the information presented in OP's title could the soldier not have been attacked, raped, burned with chemicals, and then returned to her tent and killed herself?  This would not absolve her attackers from their crimes, and it would make the autopsy report accurate.
Stop being so unpatriotic and antisemitic! you're letting the terrorists win if we investigate this case to closely!
This makes me ill.
It seems pretty clear the woman was raped, but can someone explains as to why the means she was also murdered?  Soldiers have a very high suicide rate.  Isn't it possible she was assaulted and raped, and ended up killing herself afterwards because she couldn't deal with the additional trauma, on top of the trauma from war?
This is horrible.
disgusting. i pray for justice for the family and for the fallen soldier.
in the UK some Mi6 Agent was found dead and locked inside a suitcase, verdict=suicide

What the actual fuck!
Wow. That's fucked up. RIP LaVena Johnson. Hopefully justice prevails.
I work in a state prison and about ten years ago congress enacted the prison rape elimination act to try and stop prison rape. I know the U.S. military operates under the UCMJ but Congress also has the power to make change there as well.   United States Constitution in Article I, Section 8, which provides that "The Congress shall have Power....To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval forces." We should make this a priority so that her death will not have been in vain. 
Don't speak don't tell rule?
Reddit do good things sometimes... can there be some push here?
America have elections coming up, I know in Australia election time is when we push for the Pollies to actually do something.
If that's how a force is treating it's own members, how would they treat civilians and enemy combatants? If you reconsider their own versions of events and think how much of that is actually true... 

It's incredibly sad really.
Sounds like some asshole military guys covering for the worst type of asshole military guy... How does this seem to keep getting overlooked!!  Hopefully this reddit post will help!
I'd kill myself two after going through all that bullshit.
Support our troops, yay... 
I've heard in Japan almost all murders are solved due to them labeling most of them suicides. Maybe the rest of the world is catching on? 
The senator from her home town should keep brining this up until justice is served. 
In December 2012, a young man in an "improper relationship" with a commander of the Afghan Border Police killed eight guards. He had made a drugged meal for the guards and then, with the help of two friends, attacked them, after which they fled to neighboring Pakistan-wikipedia 
IF they do this to their friendlies god know what they do to actual women in the warzone. I remember Abeer Al Janabi 14 year old  gangraped by some hick southern white boys. The insurgents ended up capturing two from their unit dragging them and hanging them and burning their bodies on the bridge
Americans have a screwed up understanding of the military. Obedience is the cardinal value, and as long as you obey you are absolved from all crimes no matter how terrible. 


The military covering something up?  Go figure. 
The military is the same world as the prison system just on the opposite side of the reputation scale.
Of all the crap that gets reposted all the time on TIL, I'm glad this finally found the front page again.
Sounds like a perfect case for season 2 of Serial.
I remember saying something about some stuff I've seen in the military, only to receive threats until I've taken down my comments. 

Word of warning to former military who are thinking on blowing on that whistle: there's people watching us.
Government suicide is even worse than government cheese. I hope I never piss them off bad enough for me to commit suicide.
Florrisant Missouri is an offshoot of St. Louis, which is where I live.  I never heard anything about this.  Scary stuff that seems like it would only happen on TV or a movie actually happens.
Never been so upset after reading something on Reddit. saddest thread yet...........
Why don't all you with rape stories stop  being quiet about it, group up, go to the media and individually call them out. our better create a website and list them by name and your superior that didn't do jack shit. 

It's horrible you all went through this while defending your country, but being quiet is also defending the actions of those that violated you.  
Is that what they call rape followed by brutal murder in the military?
Someone got away with rape and murder?

Vigilantism was created just for this purpose.  
todayilearned - Paradise rots into the abyss and you're all along for the ride.  Blood and shit is no way to conduct a baptism.  The sins of the Father are paid by the Son.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgSPaXgAdzE

Anarchy dressed in lawman's clothes.  No justice means no peace.
in jail men and women are separate

in army they are not
Sarah koenig, figure this out!!!
This is really disturbing.
NBC should pick shit like this up.
Stuff like this happens more often than is widely reported  But you'll rarely see it hit the reddit front page or the top of /r/news, /r/worldnews


Nope, it's only the rapes in the middle east and Asia that ever get mass coverage on the TV, and other media.



*"Omg guys, don't travel to India, or Middle East...they raep ALL the womynz there!!"*
Military culture and the US government fucking suck and can eat a Jungly dick
At least she did not tie both hands behind her back before committing suicide.
Trained sociopaths 
I'm a female who used to be in the USAF.  Rape is very common.  It's always blamed on the victim.  I never saw any male punished or even accused of rape.
Why can nothing be done? Why is the news not on this? FUCK I am so angry!!!!!!!! And those fucks are free to walk around and live their lives
This got moved off the front page already. WTF ? 
The military is a great deal like the catholic church.
support the troops. lol.
The police ruled my father's death a suicide. They said he fell down an elevator shaft. Onto some bullets.
When their own soldiers are being raped  murdered and covered up - what hope do the civilians have. 

The Aristocrats.
Feminism is not about being retarded, fat and spending all your time on tumblr. Feminism is about solving things like this. Yet 90 % of reddit hate feminists, just because of the few women who are actually retarded, fat and spending all their time on tumblr posting useless shit.

People should know that they are just as bad as those few retarded feminists they hate so much, because they generalize the idea in the same way those retards generalize men.

Issues like this will probably never be solved until people actually acknowleges the fact that women does not have the priviledges that men have.

BTW: Bernie Sanders, who almost all of you love, is a feminist.
Fuck the American military.
ITT experts who know what happened.
Both LaVena Johnson and [Ciara Durkin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Ciara_Durkin) were murdered but the military covered it up. 

Its truly disgusting. 
Anybody know who her commanding officer was, and what that piece of shit is doing today?
&gt;[LaVena Johnson](http://www.lavenajohnson.com/) website No longer active June 13, 2015, placeholder page

:(
Being a female in the military poblems. :/
People say this to me quite often...

"Ever thought about joining the military?"
Me: "Nope."
The military , proving they need civilians to govern them since 1776
looks like a case for Sarah Koenig and Serial Season 2
The military needs to be reformed by honest, intelligent people. It's an obvious cover-up, and there still has been no justice. 
Anyone ask Dick Cheney where he was that night?
There's probably sexism and racism involved here.
TIL the US military is part fighting force part rape gang
As a 7.5 year veteran: fuck literally everything about how the military is run. I had my opportunity to get kicked out early rather than fight to stay in, so that's what I did. Life has sucked kinda hard afterwards, but I still vastly prefer how things are now to how they were when I was in.
Anyone in her deployment on Reddit?...
THIS IS SOME SERIOUS BULLSHIT
Is this really a picture of her nsfw http://earhustle411.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/IMG_0217.png
In short, don't join the military, especially not if you're female.
Sounds like something I'd want a source more reliable than Wikipedia on
Pat Tillman got fragged by his own unit because he was an asshole. His unit lied about it and the military covered it up. This shit happens way more often than you'd think.
Send your daughters so they can be raped and keep it to themselves to keep their job. Be all you can be!
This is why I get scared to death when any female friend or family member muses about joining the military.
No there is no conspiracy. She did kill herself. Yes she was raped and tortured before hand. But then she went back and killed herself over it. So it was a suicide. Then other investigation's were carried out to find out who had raped and tortured her. But her death was ruled a suicide because she killed herself. 
Lets be honest.  She was beaten, raped and murdered and her body was defiled in an attempt to destroy DNA evidence and the goddam military doesn't want to address this inconvenient fact.
Why would women or anyone else want to join this corrupt organization
[deleted]
Or maybe they just don't think you have to fall asleep listening to the loss of life, that the military is an absolute refusal to acknowledge, investigate, and prosecute those responsible...?
I get that she was most likely gang raped, I get that she was murdered, I get that she was bearer up, what I don't get is why the fuk would you throw corrosive chemicals on her genitals, seriously wtf. Utter scum.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/5555555] [Why is this notable? - TIL a soldier was found dead in her tent. The autopsy report revealed a broken nose, black eye, loose teeth, burns from a corrosive chemical on her genitals, and a gunshot wound to the head. Her death was ruled a suicide. (X-post from \/r\/TIL)](https://np.reddit.com/r/5555555/comments/3txzr0/why_is_this_notable_til_a_soldier_was_found_dead/)

- [/r/army] [xpost from TIL: Not sure what to think of this gents. A little bit of Arm chair commander, a little bit of truth](https://np.reddit.com/r/army/comments/3ty630/xpost_from_til_not_sure_what_to_think_of_this/)

- [/r/notcirclejerk] [TIL a soldier in Iraq was found dead in her tent in 2005. The autopsy report and photographs revealed a broken nose, black eye, loose teeth, burns from a corrosive chemical on her genitals, and a gunshot wound to the head. Her death was ruled a suicide. : todayilearned](https://np.reddit.com/r/notcirclejerk/comments/3ty0ti/til_a_soldier_in_iraq_was_found_dead_in_her_tent/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3twyqq?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Collateral Murder - Wikileaks - Iraq](https://youtube.com/watch?v=5rXPrfnU3G0)|[23](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3twyqq/_/cxa346t?context=10#cxa346t) - and yet they walk around thinking they&amp;#39;re morally superior to ISIS rapists...  EDIT: since OP deleted his post, he wrote   This video would&amp;#39;ve remained classified if it wasn&amp;#39;t for a whistle blower   (skip to 2:50 for actual fo...
[Louis CK explains why men are the number one threat to women](https://youtube.com/watch?v=pbVkjgOKJTU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3twyqq/_/cxa4nng?context=10#cxa4nng) - There&amp;#39;s a rape epidemic period, as well as a violence-against-women epidemic.  And yet women still date and marry men. 
[2015 Knob Creek Machine Gun Shoot - "Night Shoot Highlights"](https://youtube.com/watch?v=1uUNL6rW-Ck)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3twyqq/_/cxa4oc3?context=10#cxa4oc3) -  
[Barack Obama Speech at the U.S. Naval Academy Commencement Ceremony](https://youtube.com/watch?v=p75-J14EDzg&amp;t=860s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3twyqq/_/cxa4mx0?context=10#cxa4mx0) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Either that's bullshit or the most needlessly complex suicide ever. I'm going with bullshit.
Reminds me of that movie the generals daughter.. so sad I hope the family finds answers. 
Wow if that was suicide she must be a masochist then? How was it even ruled like that. Crazy
Sounds like the work of a rapey soldier
Then suddenly, removed: for some bullshit reason.
That's just scary. That the military was so bold in its dismissal of undeniable evidence...
&gt; [Jelly: He stabbed himself in the back four times and threw himself off a bridge... very unfortunate.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0289848/quotes)
Sounds legit. 
Reminds me of Oswaldo Paya, the prominent Cuban dissident. 

http://godhatestags.blogspot.co.uk/2012/07/death-of-oswaldo-paya-not-suspicious.html

&gt; It was in the early hours of this  morning when  Mr Paya’s body was found in his car which had ‘run into a tree’. Paya, who has been described as a caring man, a loving father and a man who could not previously drive, was taken from the vehicle as paramedics and several unnamed men in smart black suits pronounced him dead on the scene [...] Officials have also concluded that Paya would have been transporting several dozen knives and handguns in his lap due to the quantity of cuts and gunshot wounds found on the body.
Glad we cleared that up. 
Can't ask, Can't tell. Army justice.
That is just terrible. I don't know how people justify that as being ok to do let alone cover up. Of course psychopaths are very real and everywhere. Not all of them act out like that though. Poor woman. 
CELEBRATE OUR HERO VETERANS
The movie [Platoon](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091763/) more or less covers the issue. Really makes you feel helpless.
Seems legit...
Every medical examiner and senior officer involved is automatically guilty, but probably worth trying to say is that there are so high and we have something called SHARP.
Why would she and people like her from similar scenarios be killed by the army though? Forgive me for being naïve but what could she have done?
[Relevant](http://thepoliticalcarnival.net/2013/12/08/doonesbury-confronts-rape-welcome-military-ladies/)
Shame the assholes who did this didn't get shot.
I've seen way too many threads and heard way too many stories from friends back home about how shitty the US military is and how they treat soldiers like an easily disposable resource.
What did you expect? You think the military is supposed to make sense?
I love social media being used for these kinds of things. 
I wonder if Serial would ever pick this up as a case.
How about military spends even just one tenth of the money it spends on its shameless pr instead to clean up their acts?
There is a documentary about this:  https://www.change.org/p/it-s-time-to-act-now-claim-justice-for-pfc-lavena-johnson/u/7788145
This story is so frustrating. I'm not sure why I have this attachment to it. It's overwhelming. The level of injustice. It's the same frustrating feeling for the India girl on the bus.  Makes me so angry and helpless. I wish I had the power to help the families. 
Shit like this makes me ashamed to be american.
Sounds like something that would happen in Thailand. 
Open and shut case Johnson!
That sounds like an old Maxwell Smart gag.
The military's unspoken rule of don't ask,l don't tell if you know rape
Please sign the whitehouse.gov petition guys.  It's in the top comment.
Insightful and relevant documentary on this issue: http://www.pbs.org/independentlens/videos/coming-to-independent-lens-the-invisible-war/
Are the stats the same for women who enlist in different countries? e.g. the UK?
I'm hoping if I wait long enough, the whole system will collapse, and I can use my degree to be a History Man in the new post apocalyptic world. That's the plan anyway.
They will surpass mortgages when Boomers start dying off and Millennials with too much loan debt to have bought a home outnumber them.
I used to think that not getting go to college was going to run my life.

My life is still ruined! But hey, at least it's not ruined AND drowning in debt! Small victories. 
&gt;“I have been pursuing higher education to raise myself out of poverty,” she said. “I grew up in the projects. There’s nothing wrong with that, but I want a better life. I don’t know if I can do everything I want to do, because I have these bills to pay each month.”

For years we trumpeted education as a way out of poverty. Now it seems to just be trapping people in poverty. Something has to change here.
Quickest way to reduce tuition is to make student loans dischargeable in bankruptcy. There will be less willing lenders and tuitions will have to come down because there will be less money to pay them
I've got all 4 kinds! What do I win?
My total student loan debt is actually more than my mortgage. I figure I'll be nearly retired before I manage to have them both paid off. Excellent credit rating and lots of fancy initials after my name though, so at least there's that.
For everyone saying just work your way through college... [this was released last year debunking that myth](http://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2014/04/the-myth-of-working-your-way-through-college/359735/)  

TL;DR: In 1979 you could pay for an average year of public school college by working 182 hours at minimum wage (a typical non-skilled part time summer job); while in 2013 a student would have to work 991 hours at that same job to pay for a year of public school college. And note that "pay for" covers tuition only.
UK government sold my student loan to a private company at a fraction of it's worth (about 18%). We really should have been made the same offer. I could easily have taken out another loan to pay it off and been debt free in a few years, and the government would be in exactly the same position. Everyone would have done this. What a bunch of cunts 
Seriously, how do I get in on that as an investor?
Community college is the best solution for youngsters nowadays.
I mean seriously...I pay $15,000 every semester, to only attend 3 classes. No labs. 
Student loans are now to the point where I could type "I have $50k in loans" and it won't sound damning. No reactions probably to most of you. I have a friend who has $80k in loan debts, and that seems normal. My wife has $10k left in loan debt, and folks treat it like she has $100 left! "Oh you're close to paying that off!" 

A doctor (pharmacist) friend who is my age (28) has nearly $160k in debts. But he's a doctor, so he's OK, right? That's what folks say. 

I think we as a society still have this perception that a college degree pays for itself. In my reality, my college degree has unlocked the doors needed to qualify for decent paying jobs. It hasn't paid for itself - it's just like a membership card to Sams Club, in which jobs sometimes won't look at you unless you have a bachelor degree. 

Politicians always say that America needs to have an adult conversation. We need to speak about how it's not OK for someone to leave college with a luxury vehicle debt, or a starter house debt, or even "fancy neighborhood in regular town" debts. Worse, it's not OK for us to be so desensitized that we treat tens of thousands as if it's nothing. 
The key to advancing society is profiting off education. /s
Shout out to George W Bush for deregulating student loan interest rates from 1.7% to 7%
It's strange thing. I work in the Veteran's Affairs office at my school which is a division of financial aid that helps vets/dependents use their education benefits. Most programs give a pretty good amount of money to the individual using them yet some still take out 2-4000$ in loans a semester and on more than one occasion I've inquired about it. Each time I did I got the same answer "its free money bro." I did my best to explain to them that it wasn't and it had to be paid back eventually and I was almost always met with a blank stare and the response of "yeah, eventually." 
[deleted]
This is why tiny houses are becoming more and more popular. 

I'm never getting a mortgage. I already made the mistake of going $40K into debt to get an education, which was utterly useless as I've been unemployed since I graduated nearly a year ago.

Live smaller, get creative, and don't go into debt. It's not worth it.
I live in Sweden and we have student loans but its not for tuition. It's for living expenses. We also get a general grant of 300$/month (and loan of roughly 500$/month). Our student debt is to the government and the interest rate is based partly on the states interest costs. It's currently around 1,5% or something like that. We have other problems but I would definitely not trade places with the average American young adult.
I wonder if, and I'm not being an a-hole here, the problem is because they've "dumbed down" the courses so just about any moron can get a degree.

Seriously, I was taking some classes when I got out of the military and there was a guy who was so stupid he would literally fall out of his chair.  A lot!  And somehow he ended up getting a degree.

Now there's no way this guy could possibly get a job in the real world.  He couldn't speak clearly (lack of vocabulary, not a speech impediment,) he couldn't understand what he was reading in the books (the instructor spent a disproportionate amount of time going over things, repeatedly, for this one student,) and he still got the same degree other people were getting.

Any thoughts this being a factor?
Luckly it seems I was to stupid and too poor for college right out of highschool, so I enlisted and spent 8 years in the Coast Guard seeing a few other nations and most of the USA. Now I get college for free and they pay me a monthly stipend of money as long as I go and pass my classes.

I would recommend anyone that is scared of getting college debt, enlist, its only 4 years, you'll get out at 22-23. You will most likely know what you actually want to do or have a much better plan and help to get it.
Gonna get down voted here but my solution was to go to a college I could afford. 

I don't come from a rich family and my chances of landing a job to make me rich was next to zero. The best education I could afford was mid range. At that I worked two jobs (one of which got me free housing) and didn't go right after high school. I started in community college then went to college full time afterwards. Best education ever? Nope. Has it done everything I needed it to? Yep. Perfectly functional.

Can't afford the college you REALLY want to go to? That's unfortunate. Your choices are to go into life crippling debt, go to a cheaper college, go to a community college, don't go to college. 
College is a business. The end.
Even though I am out of university, and I have student loans. I still want the situation to change. I don't think the next generation should have to go through the same bullshit that I (we) went through. We can make things better for them.  
  
I don't care if it costs me more in taxes either. I am willing to pay to make our society better.
Well, when you want every teenager in America to go to college, this is what you get. This shouldn't surprise anyone, you have to apply for and get approved for credit cards and mortgages, but student loans are handed out like candy. This idea that everyone *deserves* a college education is a load of crap.
And thanks to the clintons they are non-dischargeable in bankruptcy no matter how much time has passed since the debtor took on the loan. 11 USC 523(a)(8) came into effect in 1976 and was modified in 1998.  Glass steagal was also appealed that year. Go Hillary 2016!!!!!!!


I'm sitting pretty with 450k in student loan debt!
[deleted]
Going to college was the biggest mistake of my life. Sure, I learned some things, but when you consider the cost and time spent, it was a VERY inefficient use of such. It gave me an excuse to sit stagnant for years and not go out and pursue other things. I've learned just as much or more with maybe $300-$500 or so of non fiction on my Kindle. College has become a religion in our society and the sooner we realize it is a completely  nonsensical way of educating people, the sooner we can go on with being a more equal, productive society. The usual argument that college instills critical thinking and such is hogwash, as surely college isn't the only the only path to critical thinking skills, and I've met plenty of college grads incapable of such anyhow.
The more government gets involved in college lending, the more expensive it will get. 
College should be presented to high school students for what it is: a risky investment.
I'm so loaded with college loan debt

That no matter what job I can get

It'll be minimum wage

Till a very old age

I'm starting to have college regret
How about NOT charging hundreds of dollars for used books?
I'm currently one of those people that is unable to purchase a home due to large amount of student loan debt I accrued. I owe about $50,000 in student loans and until recently was only making around $20,000 a year. 

The expected loan payment of $700-800 a month is still not feasible now that I am making twice as much as I used to be.

I have to to live with a roommate because I couldn't afford to live on my own (currently 33 years old -- living with a roommate sucks) and it doesn't look like I'll be able to afford children.
It's really tragic to see this as a European, how the youth is literally extorted and sold out to banks.  
Free higher education works. Raise the IQ bar, not the cash bar and you will get healthy supply of bachelor degree folks with high-quality education that actually proves they have the smarts to do the job their paper says they can, and with that also keeps people who aren't cut out for those jobs doing other stuff (debt-free) without wasting years on (trying to get) a degree.

It's financially sustainable. Why?  
- Govt pays for their education and if the smarts bar is properly set (which is), it ensures that folks with the degree will get into high-er paying jobs -&gt; more tax from them -&gt; essentially "pays back the extra money the govt gave to their education" compared to other folks who didn't went to get that degree and are working less paying jobs, thus paying less tax.  
- People who don't have the smarts (but if there is only a cash bar, they could get in there, with a loan) aren't flooding the market and making employment harder for everyone -&gt; the investment into higher education isn't jeopardized.  

The only problem (some) EU countrys have is that they pay for the higher education of youth, but youth leaves to an another country, because the pay is better there, therefor not paying back (in the form of taxation) their "extra" cost of education to the original country. BUT THIS DOESN'T APPLY TO THE US.

Also, on a personal note: I think it's very irresponsible to put such pressure and responsibility on 18 year old kids who just got out of high school to make financial and educational choices that will potentially determine whether they'll drown in depth or not. Maybe if they had 1-2 year courses in high school that properly teaches and prepares them for the decisions and responsibility that's waiting for them, I'd say ok, but the current system is literally extortion.
Confirmed... being $115k in the hole with a CM degree I would advise to learn a trade such as plumbing/electrical/welding.. no debt and make pretty good money.. 
Schools are doing next to nothing on loan counseling. This needs to start on the High School level. 

The biggest issue is the lack of education in the matter. 

Students are shocked to hear about loan limits and the 150%...and it bites them in the ass. 
They've literally made a fortune off selling the American Dream...
i dropped out of college to pursue my talents and dreams. its not for everyone, but i i have zero debt and i have a job that i love. build your presence online and have that be your degree (unless your chosen field really requires a college degree)
Poor students can't afford campaign contribution.  On the other hand, banks do. Congress
 can bail out bankers, not students. 
Aside from creating a national movement for change in school tuition rates, I think high schools need to change the way they teach students about higher education. College isnt something you should take lightly. It is a committment that will likely put a student into debt. This debt can be significantly reduced if the student is well educated on their decisions, and this education needs to start in high school.

1) We should not expect KIDS to make major life decisions, and pressure them into picking a major/college by the time they graduate high school. There is nothing wrong with taking time off school to think about life and what you want out of it.

2) Stop glamorizing Big Name Universities, and explain the fact that you get the same education from local community colleges as you would from a university, for a far lower tuition rate. Also, explain what "credit" and "transfer credit" mean.

3) Teach kids how to research!! Degrees dont guarantee a job. Some careers are oversaturated with applicants, and relocation may be necessary. Sometimes, it IS a bad idea to get a degree in what you love (Im looking at you, Art majors). If you dont know the demand and salary for the degree youre wanting to obtain, you may have a rude awakening once you get that expensive piece of paper in the mail.
Why are American student loans so high? In Europe and Australia, degrees are around $30-50k from top universities.

Then you hear a story about a liberal arts major with $100k debt who works at a coffee shop. How does this work? 
serfdom
This is a direct result of the foolish thinking that assumes everyone should and deserves to get a college education.
Student loans prevent me for saving for retirement. 
At least with a mortgage you have an asset (in most cases).  With student debt, it is just money that you owe.  I wouldn't have got into as much student debt, if I had to do it again.  
Let me hear an "ay-oh" if your student loan repayments start next month!
Just remember that there are about 200,000 Martin Skrellis on Wall Street. 
Me and my 100k student loan will never be able to afford a house 
I worked as a cook, went to CC, paid may way through it and broke even with basically no savings and an Associates degree. Then I went to university, took out small loans for my in state university. Graduated broke with ~10k in debt from subsidized loans. I never had a scholarship, just Pell grants like 1/3 of undergrads. I finished my B.S. at 25. I then paid off all my debt in about a year and a half after getting a job and saving money. 

I worked with some guys with 75k and heard some as high as 120k in debt because they wanted to go to certain schools and blew their entire wad for the experience. They made the choice. I could have went to an out of state school on a small scholarship, there were plenty of those offers on the table, had an absolute blast, and (if I didn't flunk out or not finish) ended up with similar amounts of debt, instead of took a pretty boring path because I didn't want to be so far in debt. 

This is not new news, I knew about it over a decade ago. People are digging their own graves. There are better options out there, but they just aren't the most attractive. It's the choice between a Kia or an Infiniti.
Well thank God for financial aid, low income parents, and scholarships because I had $3,500 in loab debt and paid it off within a year after college. I still can't believe it.
This is why I went to a community college and transferred. All of my school costs were covered with financial aid, I worked full time while going to school full time and I will be graduating next year debt free.
I love when people tell me, "you know what you were getting into" regarding my student loans.  I have come to realize that no one understands what predatory lending practices are.  You basically tell a kid (from a very young age) that the only way that they can improve themselves is with a degree.  When that kid turns 16 or 17 they start the loan process and start signing papers that are finalized at 18.  The papers include 150 pages of legal jargon you don't understand.  Over the next four years they use every trick in the book to alter your interest and get you to take out more loans.  After you graduate (if you graduate at all), a single slip-up basically gives them free reign to alter your repayment plan in any way they would like. 
I see a lot of comments basically saying: 'Who cares if you have to take out a lot of debt to go to college.  As long as you get a *"legit"* degree you'll have nothing to worry about.  Because the increase in your future income will be larger then the amount of debt you take out.'  The thing these people miss is that what constitutes a hot field keeps changing: 

* From 1997-2000 many programmers were making more then doctors.  By 2001 those same programmers were all unemployed and couldn't find a living wage job.  Sure those programmers are doing well again now; if they were able to survive the hard times long enough to remain the the profession.  But only because congress is deadlocked and unable to pass a bill to allow more H1B programmers in the United States from India and China.  What do you think will happen when one party controls the congress and white house again?

* Remember around 2007 when the demand for nurses was skyrocketing, and everyone was told that becoming a nurse was a good decision?  Well tons of people became nurses because of that, so now the market is saturated.  Many nursing graduates are now unable to find jobs, and salaries are much lower.  That doesn't reduce the student loans those grads took out though.

* Remember when Law was considered an easy ticket the the upper middle class?  Sure you had to take out at least $100,000 in student loans to become a lawyer.  But you'd be living live on easy street after that.  Except now the market for lawyers is over saturated, and many law school grads that pass the bar can't find work as lawyers.  But that doesn't relieve them of their enormous student debt load.

I don't have any sympathy for people who major in: woman's studies, philosophy, medieval history, or puppetry [yes that's a real degree]; then bitch that they can't find a job. But sad truth is that there is no such thing as a guaranteed ticket to the middle class anymore.  If big business is going to demand that American workers have an in demand college degree in order to earn a living wage.  As opposed to having a technical certification, learning on the job, or being trained by an union after already having been hired; as has historically been the case; then they need to pay for the cost of obtaining that education.  Especially if they keep changing the requirements of what constitutes a "good" degree every few years.


We need to stop telling kids to take impossibly high loans in with the promise of "it will be okay" when the only proof offered is "trust me".


Wow, I contributed to something that is #1, holy shit, I'm so happy!
A lot of people go to schools knowing they're extremely expensive. Why not a state school, why not the military, why not go part time and work? There are so many options that people don't take and then complain later about their debt.
80k in school loans and I only have a BS in information systems (cis). Just a damn shame.. Don't even use my degree and been working for myself for 10yrs... Never going to pay this shit back. 

$385 a month for one and that's just paying interest :(
And yet the USA still needs to import millions of skilled foreign workers a year. 

How is it possible to live in a society that is so economy focused and make such terrible financial decisions? Baffling. 
I've been saying for years that our next big bubble and crash is student loan debt. Reddit keeps telling me student loans are different and it will never happen.
Used to be it took twenty years of bad choices and living above your means to be saddled with debt, now kids get to start that way. Welcome to the american dream.
Maybe it was just the times (way before the bank/housing crisis)... but when I first started college, a student loan was widely known as the LAST resort...

Edit: It seems to have become the first choice for kids these days rather than scholarships/grants/working...
Heh, my student loans are over €30k, and that's in the Netherlands with relatively inexpensive education. Recent changes mean that new students will have even higher debts... It's ridiculous.

The only good side is that the interest on student loans is (still) extremely low, but who know if/when that will change...
Why don't universities themselves guarantee the loans students take out, instead of private companies?

This way if a person goes to school and takes on debt to do so, the onus for the student to be able to repay the loan falls on the college or university. If a student can't find a job it become the school's problem. 
In state tuition is a bargain. Why do kids choose expensive private schools and get large loans?  I did my first 2 years in a community college, and finished my last two in an in state college, living at home and working part time. I had exactly $3500 in student loan debt which I paid off in a year. Much of this issues is related to poor choices made by 18 year olds who need better guidance from parents and teachers.
How to stay out of debt in the USA: remain uneducated and be homeless 
Just reading through the comments...I laugh when I see people complaining about a couple hundred dollars of student loan payments a month.  I wish I had a couple hundred dollars of student loan payments a month.  Mine take up almost 60% of my income, and I make good money.  Rent? Mortgage?  There is no chance of me having my own place until I am 35.  

I didn't know shit about finance or loans.  What fucking 18 year old understands that shit.  My parents told me to ask my school for advice, my school told me to ask my parents.  

It is predatory.  I could take out over $100k in loans for school but couldn't get approved for a credit card with a $200 limit?  

There is no consolidation, there is no refinancing, I've tried everything possible.  I know how much my bosses make and how much I can make if I step into their shoes.  There is just no fucking out for me.  

oh but hey I should have known better right?  I shouldn't have thought "oh it will all work out one way or another" because I was a high school kid and thought rationally and when every single adult figure in my life just said "graduate college and it will all be okay" I should have realized it was not going to be okay.  Hey lets go back in time and have all high school kids browse r/personalfinance because clearly that was the key all along!  Seriously fuck Reddit, fuck student loans, fuck money, fuck poverty, fuck a college education, fuck the system.
The more government gets involved in college lending, the more expensive it will get. 
I plan on building my own home out of shipping containers. They're far far cheaper than traditional wooden houses. A good size house made out of several shipping containers is about 1/4 the cost of a small wooden house.

https://www.google.com/search?q=shipping+container+house&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0CAcQ_AUoAWoVChMIiOGCn9_-yAIViB0-Ch0BiApi&amp;biw=1600&amp;bih=789
Remember in "Roots" When they cut the slaves foot to stop him running away...Student loans are the new version of that. 
And interestingly enough both mortgages and student loans are backed in large part by the federal government.
Department of Education funding 2013: $68 billion

Department of Defense funding 2013: $550 billion

Enough said
I had to withdraw from my first semester because they didn't give me enough federal aid to continue without working and working while studying full time was a complete disaster. Now I have private loans and can work a lot less, but I'm only 2 years in and have five figures of debt. I used to be one of the smart kids who everyone said was gonna grow up to do great things, but now I feel like I'm a sucker for doing everything I thought I was supposed to do. This system is such bullshit. 'Land of the free' my ass. 
and 48% of that is grad school debt. 

Hey /u/harleyeaston,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
And we keep telling every student that they need to go to college...no wonder college graduates are working at McDonalds.
Not saying student loan debt isn't a problem, bute and my wife have about 60-70K together and we had no problem  getting a mortgage. 

That having been said, it seems almost impossible for a single person to survive on their income alone. They generally  need roommates to afford an apartment. That's with a decent job too. Don't even think about someone  getting paid minimum  wage. You just can't do it.
Can someone ELI5 what will happen when the babyboomers start dying off and us millennials come of age and simply cannot afford to mess with mortgages  and the like. My best guess is a market crash, but what exactly will it entail?
luckly enough if your in public service and have been paying your student loan every month for 10 years  you can get the government portion forgiven. IF the program doesn't get cancelled  before it takes effect in 2017.
Come on, guys. Sort your shit out.
Times like this i'm really glad to be in Canada. 

Pretty much a whole degree and just over 10k in debt. Barely 100$ a month in payments when i'm done.
We need more educated people for the work force, better charge them out the ass
And yet people who want to eliminate public college tuition are just "spoiled brats."
Maybe the problem is with people blindly treating all college educations as being worth the money.


Some schools and majors are not worth their price tags.
You can blame the government for a lot of the disparity. The government says to colleges, "Hey, we'll subsidize part of the loans so more people will go to school. What's it cost to go there?" And of course, any college with a decent accountant, for-profit or non, will tack on 10% because the US government is picking up the bill. This has happened over and over throughout the last 25 or so years. Best example is the lengths that schools now have to go to to distinguish themselves. Rock climbing walls and fancy spas at colleges? Stop. It's unnecessary. 

There is a really good argument to be made that if the government got out of giving loans through colleges entirely, the cost would drop dramatically. 

The insane economic drag the student loan debt burden causes is really bad as well. Even folks whoa re paying their loans on time, me included, are shipping off $1,000+ each month to a company instead of spending it at local businesses and the like.

Not saying this is someone elses fault either. I, and people of my generation (I'm 28, graduated in 2009 and '11 with a masters), took out our own debt. But we were told up and down over and over that this was GOOD DEBT.
There's no such thing people. There is simply no such thing as good debt. There is only expenditures that have been appropriately applied to a cost/benefit analysis. So, a degree in IT? Yeah, probably worth the price you'll pay. Law? No way. Engineering? Definitely, if you can pass the tests that come afterward. History? Definitely not.

EDIT: Putting a post I had that got buried down below on the bottom end of this.
Something to be proud of, America always aiming to come in number one in all areas that the rest of the world actively works to never be part of. Capitalism, yay! 
Can you imagine the history books? "For Profit universities advertised themselves so succesfully the middle class and even some members of the lower class put themselves and their children through them no matter the cost only to discover saturating the market with similar jobs created an employment bubble while exorbitant prices put them into such debt they were unable to buy housing, destroying the housing industry and damaging the banks due to their inability to take out loans and pay them."
And they'll have a chuckle :/
who thought this was a good idea?  Shit is going to have SERIOUS ramifications as time goes on. We have as many young people today as we did in the 1800s, saddling them all with crippling debt is probably the dumbest fucking shit you could do. 
But remember, Academia and the culture emanating from it is your friend and has absolutely no ties at all to the status quo of elite tyranny. They're totally *against* wealth inequality and classism, right? So at least we're all aborting our adulthoods to subsidize something Good and progressive.
This is why I love living in Australia. 
I'm confused. Do all of you people struggling with student loans not know about income based repayment? Just concede that you'll never pay off your loans, sign up for IBR, devote ~10% of your disposable income per month to student loan repayment, and after 25-years your loans go away.  

There's also something to be said for paying as little as possible anyhow, as knock on wood within the next decade the bubble bursts -- prompting the US to take a year or two of its biggest current social program spending (defense) allotment and uses that to write off all existing government loans. Heaven forbid we don't drone anyone in the interim.
The average 4-year, in-state college tuition is $15000 a year. That makes the average stay $60000 a year.

This should drilled into to every high school kid's head - "when you finish college, you will, at a minimum, have to start paying off a luxury car. The car is not in your garage but in your head. You cannot even see it. It doesn't matter if you have a job or not, you have to pay the note."
The first $50,000 I managed to save after graduating from college all went to student loans. I could have had a house but now I gotta start all over again.

The fact that I'm "one of the lucky ones" because I was even able to say that shows how dire it is for my generation.

(Context: graduated in 2010. Just finished paying them off very recently)
So. If the bankers , the airports and god damn GM can get a bailout ...why not the people ? 
[deleted]
Relax kids.

The GOP has plans to cut capital gains taxes on the ultra wealthy.

Just hold out a little longer for all that trickle-down.  Once you get that steaming, fresh pile of trickle down all over you our country will be well positioned for the future.
What a beautiful system.. As soon as they leave school, they are already slaves.
Voting for Bernie Sanders yet?
Do not let the fear of debt be a barrier to your education. 
There is a significant difference between taking out loans to invest in yourself and taking on debt to finance consumption. In other words, educational debt is allowing you to train yourself how to fish where as debt for other use is the equivalent of eating fish for a day.

It is nearly always better to start life out with $150,000 in debt but have attained a higher level of education, perhaps (at that debt level) up to a master's degree. Not only will more doors open to you, you stand to make *a lot* more in the long run.

As an economist, it drives me crazy that people don't internalize the concept of *cash flows* instead of looking at finances as a static thing. 
Yeah, it really sucks to know you are carrying more debt today than you could pay off with 2-3 years of your total current salary... but you know what? You are making 40%-75% more than you would have, on average, had you not gone to college. 
Moreover, your own professional brand is going to grow at a faster rate meaning 10 years from now you will be *significantly* ahead of where you would have been at that point in your life without a higher degree. 

On the one hand, you could have no debt and start out working whatever job you can, work your way up, living the miller highlife, retire, and die after a fulfilled life. 

OR. You could nut-up, do it right, **invest in yourself** or **pursue your dreams**, and take the debt now realizing the *you, 10 years from now* will be making a lot more money than he or she would have been otherwise had you not pursued education. 

I'm living this out right now. My debt load is nearing $150,000. However, with any decent luck, my expected salary will allow me to pay that off comfortably in 5 years. Thus, it really don't hurt that much. If someone were to look at this debt load but think from the perspective of their pre-education earnings potential, yes, it would look like a daunting 20-30 year task to whittle that away. 

TL;dr: Never fear investing in yourself. Don't think of finances as a static thing but as a dynamic flow of money over time, debt is borrowing against your future self, but if you make the most of what you have then your future self will be rich enough to **more than** pay for that debt. 
Makes sense. $225k in student loan debt, none in credit cards. 

Tried to get another 226k for a car but hey what can you do. 
Federal student loans have some of the lowest interest rates of all borrowed moneys.

A college degree still, despite the media's fearmongering, has one of the best return on investments out there.

I'm on my phone, so I'll edit sources in later, but you can easily Google this information. Georgetown University did a study on median income by major and the Bureau of Labor Statistics has information on the median income of a person with no degree. Find the average student loan debt for a graduate, which is around $30,000, look up the federal loan interest rates, run an amortization calculator, and you discover that even an English major makes six figures more than a person with no degree over her lifetime.

College is certainly more expensive than it was for baby boomers, and the returns aren't as significant, but the media has a tendency to oversimplify things. Less benefit doesn't mean no benefit, much less a negative benefit.

Of course, the fact that there is still a benefit to a college degree doesn't mean that we shouldn't push for reform, but we need to understand what reforms need to be made. One of the biggest things driving tuition increases are conservative governors who cut state funding of state universities, which are the universities that 70% of students attend. Without state funding, those universities have to turn to their only other revenue stream: tuition. You also have an incredible increase I'm administrative positions at universities. Ironically, many of them are there to make the university run more like a for-profit company, which is absurd for reasons I can elaborate on later.

Oh, and lots of universities are getting rid of tenure and rewriting more on part-time faculty who get no benefits and are paid hilariously low wages for their expertise. But those conservative governors (and state congresses) will act as if those dirty liberal professors are why your tuition is so high.
Glad I could contribute. 
The majority of people should not be getting college educations for the sake of having a diploma. It wont magically make someone more qualified if you go to a shit school and have a 2.0 gpa doing it. Its really sad how there are so many for-profit degree mills out there that promise a better life for people that don't need a college education.
And that's not counting the debt on credit cards and refinanced mortgages used to cover the cost of sending a student to school.
Mine is actually more than my mortgage. 
They really need to change the way colleges are paid. In the current system colleges have zero interest in the student paying back the loan. In no way should they be this kind of money up front with zero risk. 

Here is the solution. So when the student is about to go to college they agree to pay out x amount of their salary per year for x amount of years after graduation. Meaning the payment colleges receive is directly tied to the amount of money the student makes. 

Of course there should be low caps and upper caps. So an example of this is a student graduates college and gets a job making 30k. Well the first 25k is under the low cap so on the first 25k the student pays nothing. But on the remaining 5k the student pays 10%. So for that year the college makes $500. 

Now let's say the student get a raise to 60k a year. Well the college would get 10% of 35k for that year or $3500.

Finally let's say the student is making 130k. Well the college would get 10% of 105k but we hit the high cap. Meaning that the maximum a college can make off a student in a single year is 10k.

This system incentives the college to make the student work place ready and make the most money possible.
I find it sad that more people don't realize this is intentional. People continue to defend the non-education machine. Students will continue to take out loans to get meaningless degrees, come out of college hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt, with absolutely no skills, and no job.
That is not a functional or sensible system. I value higher education as a concept, but in reality it is entirely a scam.
Fuckin aye. I just saw an ad for Full Sail on reddit. Until they stop giving loans to for-profit private schools, I don't care about this. Even Bernie said he would only make public schools free.

Need to cut off the dead limb for this to progress into anything.
heheh idiots
My credit union has lower interest rates on credit cards than they do student loans. Granted, the credit card rate is temporary for the holiday season, but still...
Car companies should be pissed. We can't afford new cars with all this debt.
This is why proposals for "free" college will never happen.  The universities know they would get paid at the equivalent of Medicare rates for education so they will never support it.  The banking industry would lose their gravy train too.
The millennial hivemind of Reddit problems
If the Federal student loan program was a business, it would only be behind Exxon and Apple in terms of profit. 
Students need a break. The seniors and baby boomers can't understand what the ruckus is all about and will vote down any initiative to deal with this. I've lost count of the amount of times I've read stuff like, "I worked a full-time job one summer and paid for college myself, why can't they?" My father is very fond of bringing up how each semester cost him only $90.
Why would someone go to school knowing they would accrue massive debt? What about a 2 year degree at a community college?
Who's to blame for the debt? The student right? If they don't have the means to pay for it, then why go?
Still owe 30k on mine and I have been out for 8 years. According to my calculations it should take 17 more years to pay them off assuming I only pay the minimum,  which I don't. I am hoping I can reduce that to 14-15 years. 
The sky is blue, the earth is round, and cheap credit will always create bubbles
And I still get downvoted on reddit for suggesting that everyone in the United States shouldn't automatically go to college after high school.
I have a car AND student loans... I'm ahead of the curve. /s
Let me guess, you all want debt relief courtesy of the Taxpayer? 
Don't worry, according to astute redditors debt is good for a 1st world country.  Between all of the exploding obligations (welfare, school, auto, mortgages and the interest that we'll be paying on all that debt when rates normalize) we are headed into a massive growth cycle - the like of which you've never seen!  The future's so bright I have to wear shades... sorry I don't have any links to supporting articles. 
What's fucked is a large portion of people get student loans to go to school and get degrees which won't land them jobs where they can feasibly pay off loans in a decent amount of time.


Jokes on the fucking banks. When people default because of stingy "job creators" who won't pay their workers enough to cover the cost of their training - - there's no house to foreclose.  

Job Creators need to stop being cheapass motherfuckers and PAY the cost of training their fucking workforce!
Does this include cell phone debt?  My data plan sux.
The infrastructure's already in place to funnel money to the rich. It's going to keep working.
Yup, 90k in debt for a degree I never got. 
Worst thing is that somewhere I'd guesstimate at around 65% of it was totally unnecessary and the 2 or 4 or 6 years in college just wasted away productive living for the student and the society. 

Easily half of all Uni/College educations are worthless. Zero. no point. Maybe even dumbed-down the person and if anything robbed them of skills they'd get doing nearly anything else. 

Do you think the solution is getting government to fund more of this??

but it just boggles the mind how people, parents and students keep giving colleges money for something that are absolutely never getting a return on. 

btw: stop feeding it and it will go away. 
Yea thats how much americans owe their goverment, but wait how much debt does the government owe to Americans? We dont owe shit
I am 25. I went to community college because I had no idea what to do with my life (I still don't). I knew debt was bad, I know debt is still bad. 
 I have always been passionate about science so I pursued a transfer degree in Gen. Studies; Science. At the time my mom hadn't remarried so I qualified for Pell grants, which funded the entirety of my 2 year degree. There was even some left over which was used for gas to and from the campus. 
I found a job on Craigslist as a lab tech in an environmental lab, which is where I work now (2 years tenure). I make 23k/yr and they pay in full for my health insurance. Nothing glamorous, but because I don't have any loans, my take home pay is pretty much the same as a university graduate. I am also eligible for training as a microscopic analyst, eventually, and this experience can be taken anywhere. On my salary I am just barely making ends meet. Rent is almost half of my paycheck. 
I'd really love to continue my education. I just can't rationalize spending 8-10k per semester, that's fucking insane. What could two more years teach me that on-the-job training couldn't?? 

Higher education shouldn't financially cripple students. You can't argue against this fact.
I can't believe they charge  interest rates on students loan. Trying to cash in on the future of your nation is just down right irresponsible 
That is disgusting.
what would happen if everybody just refused to give student loans?

would the price of school go down via supply &amp; demand? would colleges simply go out of business?
So sad and so true. I've got over $16,000 to pay back and don't even have a degree to show for it. My Dad passed away while I was still in school...Mom had to sell the house...all savings and safety net gone and I didn't have time for school while working two full time jobs just trying to survive and lower my debt. Worst part is, I had a solid 4.0 my first two years in college...I'm not the only person out there with this problem. Higher education in the US needs a complete overhaul. No reason why the cost of tuition should have a rate of inflation higher than any other product or service in our country. I watched tuition at my state university DOUBLE TWICE in two years. Meanwhile, interest rates on loans for new cars are lower than the majority of loans available to students. So much wrong with all of this.
I think the 4 years I spent in the active duty Army outweigh the lifetime of student loans anyone would have to pay any day. So worth it IMO.
People need to take out loans because college is so expensive, but would college be so expensive if loans weren't so easy to get?
It's a good thing and a bad thing, more people going to college is a good thing people carrying around lots of debt is a bad thing. 

Maybe more education in highschool about how to do college. 
Honestly, as bad as it is, it's also kind of nice that the biggest source of debt in this day and age is getting an education when just three hundred years ago it was such a privilege to even GET one.
It's definitely heading in that direction since millenials wont be adding any more debt on top of that. We've learned our lesson. 
This fucking scares me even as a service member with a GI bill and Tuition Assistance. College should be free. How's it work overseas?  It seems like the usa is the only place where you get fucked for trying to better yourself. 
I'm proud to be doing my part with my $215k in student loans.
I'm definitely feeling the pain. I have a fairly high paying job but after normal expenses and ~$750 in student loan payments per month, I don't have much to show for it
So glad I did military first and then school. Debt free with a college degree is nice.
I can solve this. Tax credit on EVERY DOLLAR that you pay back on a student loan up to say 10k per person. This tax credit can be transferred to any one anything that pays on the loan. 
God bless Murika
Meanwhile, 3rd world countries have free education. Good luck further, from Argentina (we are still fucked though)
I graduated from a prestigious private school with ~$95,000 in student loan debt. This was after having about half of my expenses covered by grants/scholarships etc. 

I graduated in 2009 and make regular payments of $325 and $350 a month. One federal loan and one private for a total of $675 a month. 

I've barely made a scratch in my total debt despite regular payments. Still ~$90,000 left... It can be extremely frustrating seeing almost %80 of your near $700 monthly payments going towards interest. At this rate I'll likely never payoff my loans even after another 25 years. 

I'm all for paying back what I borrowed, I just don't agree with banks making a profit off of our country's education. 

As crappy as my situation is I'm just glad I've got a job/career (70k) that enables me to make regular payments and not have my credit score completely trashed. Although, I'm not sure why I care about my credit score so much. With this much debt it's not like I'll be purchasing a house anytime soon, if ever. 

Not sure what the solution is, but Bernie Sanders seems like the best/most realistic first step at the moment. 


Gotta pay for that freely available and easily accesible knowledge. Honestly large companies would be better of training their future employees in skills that are actually useful for their jobs while they do actual work for them and get actual experience.
I doubt it will ever happen because of it's profitability but government loans just need to stop. Once the money train is cut off, universities will actually look at the quality of their product.

As it is now, there are just layers and layers of bureaucratic (see wasteful) positions in universities that range from meaningless counselors to other paper pushers with fancy job titles. 

wow
Yay! Finally made national news!
Look at all the jobs this debt has created for these college goers.
Student loans are a ripoff. Such a shame. Lots of good people in big debt because of them.
Went to school for a trade, no debt, starting wage 21/hr, graduate in May, good retirement in the field i'm in :).

I feel for you guys. If you're in highschool, seriously look into going into a trade.
Scholarships and state school made all the difference for me.
Loan free as I paid it off 3 years after graduation.
Too be honest, too many people go to college, we need to teach more life skills in grade school and high school education, not just college prep thingsv
I've been a constant believer that we need to just stop with the federal subsidizing of student loans.  Just stop.  Not everyone has the intellect or aspirations to get into college, so allowing practically *anyone* to enroll and borrow loans willy-nilly only clouds the entire filtering process college is supposed to enforce. Not to mention this in turn open the gates for people to take economically useless degrees, a form of moral hazard with short term decision making, and then they turn around and wonder why they cant get ahead or cant find a job that relates. Lets get back to trade skills and privatizing the loans.
If Millennial's would vote in every election. This would change quite fast.
[deleted]
Educational institutions used to cost only what people could afford. When the government decided to flood the student loan market with easy money educational institutions realized they could charge what people could afford plus what they could borrow and the cost have skyrocketed.

Instead of access to student loans liberating people it is had the reverse effect of creating indentured servants. This always seems to be the end result of these types of programs.

Unless the government puts some form of cost control or tuition cap on institutions that can accept students with government backed loans this system will become unsustainable
"What should we make the cost of something that everyone has to have?"

"More than they can ever pay in their life."

"Sounds good to me. Fuck people."
This video explains student debt in America very well.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQE0HwF3KR0

How surprising it when they pass a law saying student loan debt cannot be discharged in bankruptcy, there's a surge in student lending.
Sallie mae: they'll fuck you in the ass and not even have the damn courtesy to give you a reach around.
You know what I don't understand about student loan debt? 

The college I am going to says it costs $XXX per credit hour and I need XXX credits to earn my Bachelors degree. So I do the math and a degree should be about $33000. Well, because they give me more money than I needed to pay for classes, and make it extremely difficult to return the overage, I now have about $18k in debt a little over a third of the way through it all. So now that bachelors is gonna be $55k. Still not a bad price considering some schools cost $50k/yr but damn. 

They shouldn't allow the federal government to give, or the school to request through the financial aid office, more $$$ than is needed to pay for books/classes. That could be really bad for someone who is in school for 8 years or more.

And yes, I have since figured out how to return the overages. Just goes to show you don't need to be a young man to be stupid about college and the loan process. Even old dudes like me don't/didn't get it.
[Rate of Inflation vs. Price of Tuition](http://imgur.com/K5dWy2I)

Something costing $10,000 in 1985 now costs **$12,000**.

While tuition cost $10,000 in 1985 now costs **$55,000**.

Pretty scary
Everytime I read about how much it costs in the USA to get a decent education, I think to myself "Wow, this is insane!" I mean here in Belgium getting a masters degree costs maybe €650-1000 ($698-1070) a year? That means if you study 5 year to get your masters you'll have spend €5000-6000 ($5371-6445) maximum! I don't understand how the prices for eduction are so high in the USA! Here in Belgium something like a "student loan" doesn't even exist!
I went to community college and waited until I was a  24 legally independent student and got a full ride offer to a top private school. I decided to wait it out in community college when an attendee at the private school I was accepted to quoted 250k in debt ... For an illustration degree. That private school I was accepted to also offered me a scholarship but word on the street was they took it away after a year. My private school won't do that and my education is far better. 
Thanks Reagan.
Stupidity is also the problem. 

I was so enraged on time when I listened to a radio talk show talking about college degree: A person called the talk show to ask if it would be wise of her to take out another $30,000. to pay for a M.A. in History because her $40,000. B.A. in History is useless and has not gotten her a job. 
Only one more to go we can do this!
And unlike corporate bankruptcy, if you file for personal bankruptcy, your student loans cannot be restructured, and will not be forgiven. Thanks, corporate lobbyists!
We need vocational and apprenticeships as a real alternative to college 
This is fucking criminal. FFS!
How is it even possible that having a thirst for knowledge could make you poor? Ethically this is wrong. 
Too muh government intervention.  
Don't forget that republicans have defeated all measures that would reduce, or solve this problem.
Mortgages: The adult student loan. You sign up with the promise of returns on an investment that will either tank or provide dividends much lighter than expected.
I'm looking forward to the time when all debts are erased because the companies who float the loans collapse.
I will tell you what to do if you TRULY are tired of all this bullshit. You need to get organized through social media, create a following of at least a few hundred thousand, and together, in unison, stop paying student loans, or credit cards, or both until demands are met. All this time, you've been thinking we are powerless, but money is  power, and we owe them A LOT of money, and if we don't pay it back, we can have an impact on big banks and the economy until our demands are met. I know there are many young people out there who are fed up enough, smart enough, and resourceful enough to get this done. I'm not talking about being financially irresponsible, but about demanding fairness. If the politicians out there are not fighting for our causes, we have to fight for our own.
Man, we really need to thank the Baby Boomers.

Their parents gave them a country with well-invested-in infrastructure, an economy where 1 person's income could raise a family, and an education system where a part time job could send you to college.  All the baby boomers had to do was make the world a tiny bit better for the next generation.

Instead they voted themselves every luxury while paying for it with their children and grandchildren's prosperity.

But hey, don't worry, you'll all have your pensions and social security.  We'll at least be warm and toasty with all that carbon you left us, so thanks for that at least. =)


The only reason it is #2 to home mortgages is because none of us can afford a fucking house. My student loan payment is probably twice the typical mortgage payment or more. Granted, I'm paying more to be done with it but even the minimum is $1500/mo. Boy am I glad I busted my ass in school to lose a decade of my life to debt servitude.



The bad thing is that you can walk away from a mortgage and start over.  No such luck with student loans, they follow you to the grave.
My student loan balance is bigger now than when I graduated from college... and I graduated in 1998.  :|
Without a single ounce of property changing hands.

If only they were as smart as they are educated.
I wonder what's going to happen when all the Boomers die and bitter Millennials are in charge. I'm really getting sicked and tired of the Boomers mortgaging the Earth's future just so they can yet another ivory back scratcher.
Student loans - ruining credit scores and never counting towards them. GOD BLESS 'MURICA
[deleted]
How to become a great country, ruin higher education but at least the super wealthy have low capital gains taxes
I seem to have decided to just not pay mine. We'll see how it goes. 
I defaulted on my student loans, can't get a job in the area I studied in, don't make enough in my current job to live and pay the debt off, AND I can't transfer credits to study something else. Living the dream over here.
College becomes cheaper when you get out all the administrators and insurance/lawyers/diversity officers. 


By the time I pay off my student loans, I'd have paid more than my parents did for the house I grew up in.
With a credit card, car loan or mortgage, you at least have something tangible for going so deeply in debt.

A college degree nowadays means quite possibly nothing.
Can confirm I owe $20k I student loans, $600 in credit card debt, I don't own a car, my credit score probably wouldn't let me get a loan, and lol like I can even think about mortgages. I'll see you guys when our economy crashes!
They will surpass mortgages when Boomers start dying off and Millennials with too much loan debt to have bought a home outnumber them.

I live in Alberta. When a rat does get in the province, it's huge news. On the 6 o clock news, in the newspapers, etc. Kinda funny. 
&gt;The first brown rat did not reach Alberta until 1950, and in 1951, the province launched a rat-control program that included shooting, poisoning, and gassing rats, and bulldozing, burning down, and blowing up rat-infested buildings. The effort was backed by legislation that required every person and every municipality to destroy and prevent the establishment of designated pests. If they failed, the provincial government could carry out the necessary measures and charge the costs to the landowner or municipality.

Alberta: We don't fuck around.
Which will get you this kick ass map:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_rat#/media/File:Brown_rat_distribution.png


[deleted]
&gt;provincial rat control specialists

This is a good name for a cat.
Nobody outside the province believes me when I talk about this. We started a serious anti-rat program in the 50s to halt their spread west. It's cold enough and suitable habitat is spread out enough that they have a hard time getting a foothold so long as you keep them out of the cities. The province used to give out free rat poison to farmers on the southern and eastern edges of the province (and maybe they still do). There's a great story about the minister in charge of the program getting people nervous about spreading poison around their properties on board with the program by eating handfuls of warfarin treated oats out of a bag during meetings to prove its safety for humans. 
I learned this fact watching the Ratatouille short, "Your Friend The Rat". It was quite surprising and I remember even refusing at first to believe that of all the places in the world, my home province was known for something like this.
i've lived in alberta for over 20 years. i never realized we were rat free until i visited new york a couple years back. i was walking around and noticed the rats i was like man you guys have huge mice here. buddy i was visiting was like they're rats man, and i was like wait you guys have rats roaming around in the city? how? he looked at me dumbfounded. i just thought rats never went into the cities i had assumed we had rats way out in the alberta countryside but they'd be hard to see there. turns out alberta's just a rat free place.
Must be pro at Vermintide
And just to provide a little context, the province of Alberta is an area larger than France.
I remember a few months ago, there was an incident of a rat entering Alberta. There were cover stories, it was all over the news, like the black plague was going to destroy the province. 
Welcome to Canada you rat bastard.

*dons shades+flamethrowers everything*
Rat came swam up through my toilet a few years ago and scared the ... well, you know. (Yes, really, no it's not an urban legend, no I'm not making it up to get attention.) I have always hated rats, but ever since that day, I'm truly terrified of them. 

Much as I hate snow, I might just have to move to Alberta. O_o
There are some places even rats won't go.

Signed:
Your friendly sibling rivalry,  Saskatchewan
Guess I'm never going there.
My grandmother had an island. Nothing to boast of. You could walk around it in an hour, but still it was, it was a paradise for us. One summer, we went for a visit and discovered the place had been infested with rats. They'd come on a fishing boat and gorged themselves on coconut. So how do you get rats off an island? Hmm? My grandmother showed me. We buried an oil drum and hinged the lid. Then we wired coconut to the lid as bait and the rats would come for the coconut and... they would fall into the drum. And after a month, you have trapped all the rats, but what do you do then? Throw the drum into the ocean? Burn it? No. You just leave it and they begin to get hungry. And one by one they start eating each other until there are only two left. The two survivors. And then what? Do you kill them? No. You take them and release them into the trees, but now they don't eat coconut anymore. Now, they only eat rat.
Holy shit. Did they have that big of a problem that that had to start doing this? 
Albertan here. Can confirm; have never seen a rat out here. 
We be straight killing rats in Alberta.
I like telling people -20 isn't bad. No hat, no long johns, just gloves and a coat.

It's funny seeing people squirm in -20.

But you know what? Fuck -40. Fucking fuck -45. I'd kill my mother not to work during -50. Breathing hurts. Everything hurts. Fuck winter in fort mcmurray.

Though I still would take -40 with no wind as opposed to -20 with heavy wind. 
You're damn right we're rat free... 
Alberta's been eh-rat-icated
Can we get these guys to look at the US Congress please?
Alberta isn't rat free.

Harper lives there.
How the hell could you find every rat? And how could only twelve enter each year? Wouldn't they just walk in across the border? Those enormous provincial borders that nobody's watching? This is like saying only twelve mosquitoes enter every year and they are deported by immigration.
There must be slices of pizza lying everywhere! 
The most recent sighting of rats actually happened in the town I live in lol. They were reported immediately and we have been deemed rat free once again after immediate disposal of them varmints! 
Albertan here: I can confirm that rats are very rare around here. In fact, I'm 18 years old and I have never seen a wild rat here in Alberta.
Growing up in Edmonton,  I had never seen a real live rat..  Until I went on a road trip to Vancouver,  I was exploring  the Coquitlam area,  filled a large Gatorade bottle with 2 twisted teas,  I'd walk north till the bottle was half empty,  turn around walk back refill then head east and do it all again. Well I was on my 9/10th tea when I walked past this large tree with some bushes under it,  now I always care a flashlight on me this time it was the nitecore p12, I hear noises coming from the Bush so I kinda stand under the tree to take my light out to see what's what. I thought it was just a rabbit or some other strange new British Columbia animal ( I haven't really traveled too much),  so I click the light on and all 1000 lumens light up this cat sized black/brown rat eating what looks to be half a big Mac. All I can do is stare,  I readjust my foot so I can pull my phone out for a picture and the thing growls at me and takes half a lundge,  not daring to drop the sandwich,  I move back slightly,  little pissed I spray him with the tea.  Doesn't even break his stare,  that's when I decided I didn't want/need to fuck with rats. 
Holy crap you guys don't mess around.

Did a rat just run into that building? BURN THAT MUTHAFUCKA DOWN!
On that note, Iceland has pretty much no rats. 

Bonus: no roaches either! 
I'm from Alberta and I'm currently visiting New York City, I saw a rat for the first time in my life today.
Dang. I have rats in my school-cafeteria. Its nasty
The rat control office in Edmonton had a severe mouse problem about 3 years ago. 
What about antarctica?

Or do we just never count that in any data ever because the only thing there is just _coldness_?
[Figure 1. Albertan Resident](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/villains/images/e/e7/HankScorpio.png/revision/latest?cb=20101011202328)
How do they know how many come in, and from where? 
Back in the 90s, the local municipality where I lived (in Manitoba) would give kids 10¢ for every gopher caught, of course they didn't want the full carcass so they would only ask for the gopher's tail. My cousins made a lot of money as kids hunting for gophers
I figured they just captured them and sent them to Baltimore. 
As a Canadian I did not know this. Interesting read and great work Alberta!
Thank you for this share. It's not very often I hear about something so strange yet interesting. 
Sadly, Ubersreik is overrun with rats. We need more rat control specialists.
But it has the largest ghost rat population.
So u basically don't want to be a ratfugee in Alberta. Great! Noone wants ratfugees!
All we need is one clumsy scientist and we can take Alberta back
- Rat Leader
Challenge accepted!
Those rats are fleeing species discrimination in the states, how dare Canada kill them instead of offering them refugee status and doing the right thing. Just goes to show you, Canadians are evil, evil people.
Now we just have to get rid of all the damn squirrels.

Maybe they could do the same with the NDP... I'm sure they will WANT to, soon enough.

Alberta is larger than most countries, how could they possibly know that with anything close to certainity?
I worked at the Lake Louise ski hill for 6 years. During the off season maintenance on the snowmaking lines necessitated digging deep holes to replace hydrants and valves.

I pulled more than twelve rat looking things from those pits.

The rat population is controlled, not non existent. 

Edit: lake Louise is in the mountains that border Alberta and British Columbia. 
Rats have rights too #Infestalberta
I wanted to get a pet rat and then found out that they are illegal. Pissed me off, but I guess it is for a good reason. 
How do they know how many rats entered? I would think they only know how many they found out about.
What the fuck, really?? I've lived in Saskatchewan my whole life and I've never heard anyone say anything about this. Crazy.
Sounds like a challenge....
This comes across as a challenge. 
We still have mice though :(
Off to Alberta, I go. 
Our rats know better.
Pfft. I'd like them to try to fend of a Fraser River rat. They almost rival raccoons in size
We've got some big rates living in a storm drain in front of our house. We had to stop putting compost in our flower bed because it was just food for rats.
It is a little known fact that Alberta also hosts the largest stealth rat population in the world.
"Rats" -Rat wanting to live in Alberta
How do these rat control specialist have a job if they have have to deal with 12 rats a year on average?
How do they stop them getting across such large expanses of borders?
Wait, what do rat control specialists in Alberta do on a day to day basis if they only kill 12 rats per year?
TIL Alberta is Nazi Germany for rats.
There's one exception. Universities are allowed to keep rats for research.
This is the metaphor Ben Carson is looking for.
But what about Rat's Nest Cave outside of Canmore?
As someone who has an extreme phobia of rats to the point where I can freak out just from seeing a picture of one, Alberta sounds like a paradise. Would like to move there ASAP
Ratatouille bonus clip

https://youtu.be/72KsjWUCUJQ?t=4m36s
Challenge accepted.
Growing up in Alberta I never realized that rats were so damn scary until I saw one while on vacation in BC. I hate rodents.
* This does not include Politicians
I live in Alberta and I actually want a pet rat but it's illegal :(
I'm moving to Alberta.
&gt; provincial rat control specialists.

AKA the local stray cats. 
One of these days they'll have to pay the piper.
meh
This may have been posted already (on my tab, search functions suck) I learned of this when I read this amazing book. http://www.amazon.ca/Dominion-Wyley-McFadden-Scott-Gardiner/dp/067931105XX

They have no rats, but every building still has pest control because they are terrified of spiders. 
I'd just buy a couple thousand rats and drive to alberta and let them loose.
I just... don't believe this.
Alberta's rationale for this no nonsense take on rats:

&gt;The plague was serious shit, guys.  It may happened a long as time ago, but it was still serious shit.
Can confirm. What are rats?

source: albertan

Challenge accepted. Let's do this thing, everyone. Send them all your rats!
wiki flat says they can't outlive the winter unless they are inside.
This is because it's so cold everything dies in Alberta.
source: albertan
Ah, I see:

&gt; The only species of Rattus that is capable of surviving the climate of Alberta is the brown rat, which can only survive in the prairie region of the province, and even then must overwinter in buildings.

So basically: rats can't survive a full year in Alberta, so they can get rid of them completely by preventing them from living in human dwellings during the winter.

It's a little bit like saying there are no rats in our underwater sea lair. We had some, but we killed them and they don't seem to last long a kilometer below the sea.
Baltimore, 100% rat free. /s
I remember when the London underground was HEAVING with rats back in the late 90s early 2000's. I think they managed to clear it up but it used to be that you could see five or so within your field of vision at any time in between the tracks.
So is it illegal to own a pet domestic rat in Alberta as well? It would make sense as a preventative measure due to careless owners
I wonder how much trouble I'd get in if someone learned I was breeding rats and setting them loose every couple of weeks. Like I could seriously fuck up their shit.
Being rat free helps with our dirty oil public image, to the rat mobile!
Pfft; when I was a kid I spent summers at my Grandparents farm. My Granddad had a rat terrier and his best friend had a Jack Russell. Every so often they would get drunk and lay bets on which dog would kill the most rats. After the preamble they would open the door to one of their empty silos and those dogs would go to fucking town. My Granddad and his freind had a bunch of their buddies around; the dogs knew what was up and would sally around for the lead chance to get in. It wasn't unusual to finish 15-12. I was 8 or so when I first saw it. Those dogs would pounce, grab the rat around the neck and sort of snap them. One dead rat and where is the next one?
&gt; provincial rat control specialists

Cats?
Why not use the Trump method over the Hitler method?
I'm gonna take a trip to a pet store then... 
Canada's done it again!! what about cockroaches? you guys have those?
Are rats really that big of a problem?  I live in Virginia, and I have never seen a rat outside of a pet store in my life.
They are trying to keep out the refugees like they keep out the rats.
But the mice are booming
Aren't rats good for anything?  Isn't there a spot for them in the food chain?  They bring absolutely zero value to the environment?   Geez I didn't know they were so worthless. 
Just moved into a camp in ft mcmurray I thought I heard rats in the walls, guess its something else.
Looks like I'm moving to Alberta
Haha! I totally lived in Alberta for 6 months; my parents are both from the Lethbridge area. I visit just about every year, so this isn't my first time hearing about the incredible rat control. Another reason Alberta is awesome: no provincial sales tax!
can confirm, have never seen a rat in my life
Why?
Seen plenty of rats around Whyte, especially in the back alleys.
Do they have mice?
You guys jealous or what?
"Rat Island in Alaska was infested with brown rats after a Japanese shipwreck in 1780. They had a devastating effect on the native bird life. An eradication program was started in 2007 and the island was declared rat free in June 2009."

[Really?](http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/4cebf4d8ccd1d57069030000/sarah-palins-alaska-goes-south-loses-40-of-viewers-in-week-two.jpg)
What about the Norway Rat?
12 rats, that they know of...

Lotsa  rats in BC, they infested my basement suite and I had to stab them to death with a makeshift spear after I ate a weed brownie 
Seriously did not know this. Interesting as fuck, but how does the lack of rats affect the rest of the Alberta Ecosystem? Surely it must have some significant change when you basically wipe an entire species out.
How do you even hunt down such a small animal?!
Meanwhile, I've had rats in my apartment ceiling for 16 months and my management company has finally just said 'it is what it is.' 
Read the first sentence and I thought the provincial rat control specialists were just really incompetent.
This sounds like something I'd read on The Onion, and I live in BC..
There's a Medicine Hat landfill movie here about one man's war on 147 rats.
I listen to a morning radio show called Todd n Tyler, out of Omaha. The used to have a hypnotist comedian named Jay Medicine Hat    On the show all the time until he passed away. 
there are many muskrats here

Meanwhile here in Queensland, Australia, we tried to build a fence around the state to keep the rabbits out, but it didn't work. They're slowly making their way in...
Canada is becoming a utopia in my eyes. How hard is it to become a Canadian citizen?
Probably shouldn't have post that on Reddit...
Mice though, they were underneath our tank farms, breeding like mad. 
"Rat control specialists."

Do y'all mean cats? You can just call them cats. 
Using only Maglite (clubs) ta boot
They've gone underground. Millions of rats underneath Alberta.
You can't count the rats you're unaware of, and those fuckers are smart.  
Wow, as a proud BC resident I never thought I'd ever be interested to move to Alberta before...
We have a lot of mouse though. I always thought they were rats, but I guess not. TIL.
I have lived in Alberta my whole life and have never seen a wild rat. The End.
Challenge accepted.  The Rat Man is coming for you, Alberta.
Are fancy rats in any way a threat to agriculture?
Canada is always worrying about the things that matter. I mean this very literally. 
So you can be a provincial rat specialist, kill 12 a year, and then chill the rest of the year?
Fools dont realise they're just selecting for the sneakiest rats
What about pet rats? This is weird 
By reading the comments I'm surprised how common rats are outside Alberta. I've seen plenty of mice but have yet to see a rat.
I was on a phone call today just looking out of my window and saw what I thought was a squirrel trying to climb down a downspout. It was a god damn rat that just hopped onto a garbage can and scurried off. Should I tell my neighbors?
Time to start a West Coast initiative, this place is rotten with them. A ton of poison and we could be rat free to Lloydminster. 
They can't possibly know that.
Holy shit, Remmy was right in "Your Friend the Rat"

Edit: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=72KsjWUCUJQ watch at 4:56
Is it bad that my knee jerk reaction to this is 'poor rats'?
Alberta should be harder to take out in Pandemic then.
It's true. I'd never seen a rat until I moved to BC to go to school. Within a couple weeks I'd seen several.... i miss home
how can animals that eat these rat survive 
Sounds like Charlie work
I am applying to go to school in Alberta next year and just before I came onto Reddit I was thinking about how I could stand living in Alberta while I do my degree, but I don't want to live there permanently because:

1. Too flat.

2. Too conservative.

3. No rats. (I would like a pet one some day.)


The words "no rats" were literally passing through my mind when I saw your link. Such strange timing.
LAND OF THE FREE, 'BERTA!
Yes, but what will they do when all our Republicans begin moving to Alberta and other parts of Canada after Bernie is elected?
We fuckin' hate rats, okay?
sooo would releasing a few hundred rats be considered a funny prank, or an act of terrorism?
i live in medicine hat alberta and we have rats at our landfill 
Is that a challenge?
My kinda place! I absolutely hate rats. 
This is the greatest post on reddit I have ever seen to date. I'm not even being sarcastic.  This blew my mind.
Fuck-a-you rat.
A movement I can get behind.  Fuck rats.
It also coincidentally happens whenever the Conservative Party is having its annual convention.
"...and in 1951, [Alberta] launched a rat-control program that included shooting, poisoning, and gassing rats, and bulldozing, burning down, and blowing up rat-infested buildings."
Wow.
Canadian Immigration Policy
Wow they don't Fuck around in Alberta.
3 clicks to get to hitler. 
I guess they're not counting oil rats.
Thats fucking biblical
How can they keep track so accurately?
I only had to scroll down 20 posts before someone managed to tie Bernie Sanders and Republicans into this topic. God help us all.
Lowest rat population? Their criminals must get away with a lot of shit
About two years ago, I saw a rat swimming around in the bow river while walking across the peace bridge in downtown Calgary. I called 311 and told them, and it was taken pretty seriously. They sent out a rat patrol and they even called me to follow up and informed me that they found it, but it turned out to be a muskrat, which is apparently an okay kind of rat in Alberta.
#dirtymoney
am a little drunmky curently but found this guy earlier today, thought it would be relevatnhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQeG47swTTk
Literally thousands of rats in research facilities in the province. Source: I do research on rats in Alberta.
I would've guessed we're rat free because they just all freeze to death.
That's why you upgrade to bats.
Im one of those rats!  But godamn do i try
Can confirm. Lived in 'berta my entire life. Have never once seen a rat in my life. 
Serious question - So where do those 12 come from if Alberta is rat free? 
I love hearing when they refer to 'rat skirmishes' on the Alberta border in the news. 
This is kinda weird. Like...I get people think they're pests, but aren't they still part of an ecosystem?

Doesn't that effectively make Alberta an unnatural ecology? 
I've lived in Alberta my entire life and have never once seen a rat before .
This has happened multiple times throughout history... just a few years ago a military base in NC had a problem with wild boars and put out a bounty on their tails, so assholes started raising pigs and cutting off their tails for the reward.
Scott Adams (Dilbert creator) writes about a similar "bounty-for-bugs" program at a place he worked.  Management instituted a bounty for finding bugs in code.  Dumbest idea ever.
Rats had featured largely in the history of Ankh-Morpork. Shortly before the Patrician came to power there was a terrible plague of rats. The city council countered it by offering twenty pence for every rat tail. This did, for a week or two, reduce the number of rats - and then people were suddenly queuing up with tails, the city treasury was being drained, and no one seemed to be doing much work. And there still seemed to be a lot of rats around. Lord Vetinari had listened carefully while the problem was explained, and had solved the thing with one memorable phrase which said a lot about him, about the folly of bounty offers, and about the natural instinct of Ankh-Morporkians in any situation involving money: ‘Tax the rat
farms.’
That reminds me of the indian scalp bounties that mexicans started offering in texas. The mexican government offered to pay the white settlers for indian scalps in order to exterminate the natives there. The white settlers pretty much exterminated the natives and ran out of indian scalps. As the indians and their scalps became rarer due to the killings, the settlers started scalping mexicans and passing those off as native scalps to sell to the mexican government. 

http://xroads.virginia.edu/~hyper/HNS/Scalpin/oldfolks.html
[Goodhart's Law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodhart%27s_law):  "When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure."
This was covered in possibly my favourite episode of Freakonomics 'The Cobra Effect. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm7W_ftmJeo

Starts around 6 minutes, but would recommend listening to the whole episode.
Don't worry, I'm sure they have an incoming shipment of a type of gorilla which thrives on snake meat.
Anything you pay out handsomely for, you will get more of.
The trick is to make the reward enough to entice a bounty collection but way less than it would cost to create a forgery. 
“I choose a lazy person to do a hard job. Because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it.”

― Bill Gates


These people saw no need to hunt Cobras, they could farm them.

**SKINNER**
 Well, I was wrong. The lizards are a godsend.

**LISA**
 But isn't that a bit short-sighted? What happens when we're overrun by lizards?

**SKINNER**
 No problem. We simply unleash wave after wave of Chinese needle snakes. They'll wipe out the lizards.

**LISA**
 But aren't the snakes even worse?

**SKINNER**
 Yes, but we're prepared for that. We've lined up a fabulous type of gorilla that thrives on snake meat.

**LISA**
 But then we're stuck with gorillas!

**SKINNER**
 No, that's the beautiful part. When wintertime rolls around, the gorillas simply freeze to death.

I wonder if it would have been effective to start at a high bounty per snake then decrease that bounty each week/month.  So there's a rush to kill as many of the snakes as possible early on and it's common knowledge that eventually it won't be worth anything to do so.  This would deter the breeding of snakes, as it's a decaying value.

Plus, the knowledge that something has the most value at the present time and will only decrease in value will encourage more people to attempt the task.
Very relevant Scandinavia and the World comic: http://satwcomic.com/love-snake
One high tech place I worked at had an email account size reduction contest - basically those who reduced their saved email size (server disk space) the most during the contest period got a prize.  This turned out badly because some chuckleheads would pump up their saved emails with gigantic attachments, wait for the contest, then delete them.
It's Whacking Day
It's stories like these that make me realize a hero, even a great one, can be nearly completely forgotten by history.

Semper fi, Rikki-Tikki-Tavi. Semper fi.
When they were filming [The Brinks Job](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077275/trivia) a Boston resident was paid to remove the air conditioner unit from his window so they could film on that particular street for a shot. The next day when they arrived to continue filming, every window on the street had an air conditioner.
Isn't there a psychological  term named after this known as the cobra effect or something
One of the most basic insights of economics is that if you pay for something, you get more of it, and if you penalize something, you get less of it. It seems like it should just be common sense, yet people are constantly surprised by it.
That's pretty much government incentives in a nutshell.
This is one of the best examples of the Law of Unintended Consequences.

Edit: [shameless freakonomics plug here]
Cobra you say? Well now you know.  

And knowing is half the battle.
[Relevant SATW comic](http://satwcomic.com/love-snake)
Perfect example of the perverse effects that laws can have on society. Kind of how prohibition only made alcohol sales go up, not to mention organized crime. And how the War on Drugs has only made cartels and drug lords more profitable, driving small-time suppliers out of business.
Hope they imprisoned the snake farmers. What a dick move.

Edit: this is becoming a weird discussion on technicalities and playing the system. In the end, these guys were taking advantage and screwed the local people in the end by releasing tons of snakes into the population. Why would you support that?
Also there can be an ecological effect where artificially increasing the mortality of a population can actually boost that animal's rate of reproduction. You're basically reducing competition for the adults that survive and helping them to be more successful. It's been studied in rats and coyotes.
Obviously they just need a couple snake eating gorillas to be released to clear all this up. 
No wonder Christopher Columbus slaughtered the indians. They're sneaky fuckers.
If this was in America, Lobbyists for the Cobra Limitation Association of America would have lobbied the government to maintain and in fact grow the industry
I like how a few people are saying that this is the result of Free markets, or capitalism, or even deregulation, when Nothing could be further from the truth.. This is an example of Government subsidies,  and government interference, breaking the free market, and causing more problems than if they had left it alone
This is exactly the sort of thing they used to teach us about in highschool economics. The human element makes economics an inexact science. I guess the same for political science. Human cussedness and ingenuity will always surprise us. If true, this story is hilarious. 
This is a case study in how a lot of times, government intervention can make problems it seeks to remedy actually a lot worse.
Instead of just ending it and having all the cobras released they should of done an amnesty that would last for say the next week but at reduced rewards then the farmers would of handed them in for something rather than release for nothing.
Secret Cobra Farms FTW
And that, children,  is how government  works.
So that is why the number of terrorists are increasing by the day! That explains everything! 
For anyone interested. There are plenty of short stories, amusing accounts, interesting facts etc from British India. I dont have any links, just saying there is plenty of unexplored material. 
I'd have put a bounty for cobra farm owners, dead or alive.
This story perfectly describes the IT transformation project in my company
Life finds a way:)
There comes a point when I think it's reasonable to say, in some official capacity, that we don't understand something but it seems to be working for the time being anyhow.

If there were a rash of cobra attacks, I could understand this more. As it was, things were apparently fine.
If that's not an economic lesson in unintended consequences...
They should've followed Vetinari's lead and taxed the cobra farms.
Thereby demonstrating that government can't solve all problems
human greed will triumph over any attempts to make the world a better place or save the human race.
And when you pay people for being poor you get...?   
Yeah, exactly, more poor people. 
this appeals to me
I think it's also worth noting that Cobras kill more humans than any other animal on earth (as long as you don't consider humans and mosquitoes as "animals").
Similar to how the market is now
Reminds me of when some rare items went missing at work and after looking all over for them, management got pissed.  They offered a 5 night trip anywhere in the US for anyone who could find the missing items with no questions asked.

Some piece of shit actually remembered that he put the stuff on a storage trailer and had them put it out in the yard without documenting it.

He had the yard dog pull the trailer up and sure enough, the guy got a free trip for him and his wife because he was a PoS.
That's what happens when you try to do something for good. People find ways to use it for evil.
Also there can be an ecological effect where artificially increasing the mortality of a population can actually boost that animal's rate of reproduction. You're basically reducing competition for the adults that survive and helping them to be more successful. It's been studied in rats and coyotes.
This is just like that rat problem in Vietnam where the French used to pay people who killed the rats and brought their tails as proof. Soon they found out that the locals have been growing rats and simply chopping off their tails to earn the pay.
didn't britain do the same with rat infestations in india?

you'd think people would learn from mistakes...
/r/titlegore
Reminds me of when my company started paying our Indian contractors per bug fixed.
The lesson? When you have the government provide money to people, they will find a way to cheat the system to get more.
Hopefully people consider this effect when deciding how to respond to isis. I wonder if the cobra effect explains why we've seen the rise of Isis and other wahabist movements. Destroying a village to kill a handful of terrorists is probably going to create an exponential number of them as a consequence.
&gt;"I think I've been in the top 5% of my age cohort all my life in understanding the power of incentives, and all my life I've underestimated it. Never a year passes that I don't get some surprise that pushes my limit a little farther."

– Charlie Munger (Warren Buffett's business partner at Berkshire Hathaway)
http://i.imgur.com/8PM5hFG.jpg
Bureaucracy at its finest ... 
It's the law of unintended consequences andis literally what happens to almost every government action because the government is exceedingly wrong about knowing what is best.
Every action has an equal or greater opposite reaction
You can apply this lesson to almost ANY government program.
It doesn't always fail. New Orleans has a [successful nutria bounty program.](http://www.nola.com/environment/index.ssf/2014/01/bounty_hunters_making_dent_in.html)
Huh. Why not make it a rule that if you get caught farming (or purchasing from farms) whatever it is that provides the bounty, you're permanently blacklisted-- but everyone else can still collect?
dicks.  cobra farms made everything worse for everybody
Today we all remembered...
I never understand the British response to this? Surely it would have made most sense to say in advance what date the programme was going to end, so that the farmers will bring in all their cobras by that date?
This is why the UK government also banned the sale of the invasive Chinese Mitten Crab, which have currently infested UK water sources. Although google search will just reveal opinion articles saying: "Government bad, crab tasty, herp derp sell". 
Cobraaaa!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perverse_incentive#Examples
Clearly they needed wave after wave of snake-eating gorillas.
Sweet mother of economic incentives!
Beautiful example of how Capitalism works.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/libertarian] [When government tries to solve a problem: (Cobras in Delhi)](https://np.reddit.com/r/Libertarian/comments/3stz2t/when_government_tries_to_solve_a_problem_cobras/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Sounds like the war on terror
In America, we'd call that a War on Cobras.
Next time make a mongoose bounty instead
&gt;Historian Michael Vann argues that the cobra example from British India cannot be proven, 


Snek es money
And the moral of the story is...
The Streisand Effect in action once again.
That's brilliant. Sucks to live there now more than it did because those snakes can really mess you up. Side note I drew the snake in the thumbnail in high school for a surrealism project
God damn the people who do shit like this.
Free markets, baby!
This kind of related to the story behind "Not worth a rat's ass"

It goes that during the Black Plague, people would be paid for killing rats. However, people started cutting the rats in half, so they only were paying out for the heads. In other words, the asses were worthless.
G.I.JOE is there!
Will fight for freedom, wherever there's trouble..
Simpsons did it
Can confirm; the more i drink Cobra beer, gives me the shits.
Government at its finest
Today I learned corcerned? Missed a "that" there. /r/titlegore
This exact thing happened in Maryland when they put a bounty on Snakehead Fish.  The population sky rocketed in a few months.
Now offering a bounty on endangered animal parts!
It's too bad they couldn't use the cobras for something. Cobra meat, or snakeskin boots, something.
Ignorance 
Someone listens to Joe Rogan Podcast
Who has delivered us, Who?  Tell me his nest and his name!
Edgar Allen pop was writing something like this 
Who else saw the hockey mask in the thumbnail
I think a similar thing happened in Australia in the 1930's. They put a bounty on rats, only to find people started breeding them.
That's HILARIOUS and depressing, in that order.
So just go get Rikki Tikki Tavi. 
And as compensation for your trickery, the queen took your diamond. Ha!
Indians...figuring out a way to dupe the system since forever.
I call dibs on this post in January.
TIL Concerned about the number of drugs in their country, US officials created a bounty, only to discover secret drug manufacturing labs were created to sell their product.  When the officials shut down the legal route, dealers promoted their product using a target audience, namely the younger generations.

I tried to go verbatim, but it didn't work.  This was all I could think about.
Here is the comic version of this: http://satwcomic.com/love-snake
While an entertaining story, the very same article you linked stated that it cannot be proven to be true. 

TYL: nothing
Only Indians lol
Capitalism + tragedy of the commons.
And they say giving financial incentives solves problems...
I read this and think about how absurd it is that white people had this kind of decision making capabilities in India.
Same thing happens when you create a social program for low income people. 
That is very creative. Sadly we see similar effects with every government incentive e.g. solar energy subsidies in some European countries caused massive wave of solar farms building which in turn caused problems with electric grid.
Deregulated free market!!! Woooooo
boom, roasted
This was a TIL comment yesterday
British are fucking idiots
Shit I hope them breeders came out of their rape houses with a semi and we're confronted with a shit tonne of angry cobras and bit the fuck in their semi flaccid cocks, as the blood rushed back it felt like karma, fucking wankers
this might be the most favorite thing I have read all day
Much like in G.I.Joe, ISIL also fits the kobra effect, u throw more bombs to kill the isil, instead u get more ISIL than u started with.

Prayers to the victims in France,

Also, please stop bombing people in the middle east, they come and bomb u at home, stop following america into fruitless wars about fossil fuels that should not matter anymore.
I laughed way too hard at this. 

The British were so...Jar Jar Binks-like in managing their colonies. 
This made me lol.
This is why government should be abolished, you see. Because it only creates problems! /s
The inactivated vaccine was introduced exactly 10 years to the day after FDR's death.    
 
Dr. Jonas Salk who invented that first Polio vaccine once famously said regarding the patenting of his vaccine “[There is no patent...  Could you patent the sun?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erHXKP386Nk)” 
And for those curious, before 1945 the so called [Mercury Dime](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercury_dime) was in circulation, depicting Liberty with a winged hat (hence the name).
TIL that FDR's face is on the dime. I have no idea how I never noticed that before.
In Canada the one dollar coin has a carving of a loon on it, and the coin is referred to as the "loonie".  So, for a while at least, there was a charity called "The March of Loonies".
Currently getting my master's in Global Health. Eradicating polio (like we did with smallpox) is a VERY real possibility in the very near future. But as with smallpox, it will require a concerted push by the international community to get the ball over the line and stamp out the disease in the few places where there are still infections. The great thing about disease eradication is that when we get there, we can stop vaccinating for that disease - so even ant-vaxxers should join the effort! 

You can [donate here](http://www.endpolio.org/donate) to help be part one of humanity's greatest achievements. A dime in 1945 is worth the same as $1.30 today. Bill  and Melinda Gates will even chip in. 
There was a movement by Republicans a couple of times to put Reagan on the dime.  It was pretty well shot down when Nancy Reagan said, "[I do not support this proposal and I am certain Ronnie would not.  When our country chooses to honor a great president such as Franklin Roosevelt by placing his likeness on our currency, it would be wrong to remove him](http://money.cnn.com/2004/06/22/news/reagandimedead/index.htm?cnn=yes)."

At least she remembered and understood the importance of FDR on the dime.
As a little kid, early 60s, I remember my mother sending me around the neighborhood with a piece of cardboard with cutouts that people could place their dimes in for this. First time I ever heard, "I gave at the office."
Who's face was on the dime that FDR had in his pocket? 
FYI: The Hell's Angels (yes, the biker gang) are one of the March of Dimes biggest contributors and runs yearly charity events for them. This was discussed here a few years ago.

https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1qoe7e/oslo_hells_angels_invite_locals_into_clubhouse/
What ever doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Except for polio.
I saw that the little girl who Elvis was holding in the [picture that made it to the front page](https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/3t23ll/elvis_with_a_young_polio_patient_1958/) had a button for the march, I meant to look into it because I'd never heard of it before but I got distracted. This is a really cool piece of history I never knew of.
More than $85,000 worth of dimes back in 1936?

People were so much more stoked about government programs back then.
Today the March of Dimes does amazing work on saving preemies.   Thanks to them we have incubators and oxygen leveling and all sorts of great stuff that preemies need to live.  They saved the lives of both my children. 
My mom used to picket in front of abortion clinics and protest abortion, go to rallies and stuff. It's still the single issue she votes on.

When I was young, she used to tell me that March is evil, and I think her reasoning was that they did work on pre-natal screening. In her mind (and presumably the minds of her colleagues) learning about birth defects was just a way to encourage more abortions. She also really latched onto the idea that abortion was modern day eugenics.

Just thought that might be some insight into the mind of a person Redditors don't meet very often.
So is that a different March of Dimes from the organization we have today?
Whoa!  Now this is a TLDR as I know people who've used March of Dimes!
I mean, like.

Do you know anyone with Polio today?

CHECKMATE ECONOMISTS.
The March of Dimes has chosen to remain neutral on abortion but has a history of supporting Planned Parenthood to support education for pregnant women.  There recent statement said:

&gt;A few local March of Dimes chapters have given local grants to Planned Parenthood exclusively for preconception, prenatal, and interconception education in areas of the country where prenatal care is sparse, non-existent or difficult to access. This allows women to get the care they need to help improve the health of both mom and baby. The March of Dimes is neutral on the subject of abortion. The March of Dimes does not encourage, fund, or support abortion services through national, state or community grants, nor may foundation funds be used for directive counseling regarding abortion. Violation of this policy would be grounds for immediate cancellation of a grant.
[deleted]
the only US president who saved democratic capitalism twice, and we'd all him a communist today.
This is actually a good TIL.
After watching Boardwalk Empire I was intrigued by Eddie Cantor and read this about him on Wiki:

"His charity and humanitarian work was extensive, and he is credited with coining the phrase, and helping to develop The March of Dimes."
Woah. My entire life, I always thought it was Eisenhower on the dime. 
...and polio was eradicated.
"How do you think we fund this little organization? We ain't exactly the March of Dimes" -Blade
If there's one president who deserves to be on Mt. Rushmore, it's FDR.
Yet there's plenty of selfish conservatives who think "why should I pay for other people's healthcare?" They don't seem to understand that by pooling our resources in an efficient and effective manner we can eliminate unnecessary suffering for everyone rather than remaining fragmented and divided over the trivial "I got mine, you get your own!" nonsensical rhetoric.
fuck polio. My mom caught it when she was about 4-5 years old. It devastated her body. Her sculiosis was so bad her spine curved twice, her ribs rested on her hips, and her organs were smashed together. She lived a life of nonstop pain. One of the strongest people i ever knew. She died at 64.

If you're an antivaccer, i hope the kind of shit that happened to my mom happens to you, and better yet, your children. May they live a life of suffering to teach you how fucking WRONG you are and how god damn STUPID you are. Vaccines eradicate diseases that leave those they touch decimated shells of humanity. 

/rant

edit: get on my case all you want for wishing it on children, but the point stands: people that are against vaccination deserve to see that which they are supposed to protect and hold most dear suffer, even if is not them suffering. They deserve mental anguish and the wailing and gnashing of teeth that goes with saying 'if only i had vaccinated them, they wouldn't be suffering like this'

This is the same reason it's fine with me to make laws REQUIRING vaccinations. It's not about choice. It's not about freedom of religion or the ability to be batshit crazy and not want to pump your child full of 'toxins'. It's about preventing pain and suffering on a very large scale. Those assholes that don't see this deserve whatever rude awakening they get. Yes, even at the expense of their innocent children. Because that's the only way they'll see. And it's what's going to happen anyway SINCE THEY'RE ANTIVACCERS. Dumbshits. "Reddit sometimes" indeed
Are you in my history class or something? Because we just learned about this yesterday Haha.
And then the March of Dimes was investigated and found guilty of only using 10% of their donations for anything related to helping anybody, one dime on the dollar.
It may not seem like a lot, but a dime was worth a lot. Accounting for inflation, a dime had the same buying power of $1.32 now. And if you take it step further, $1.32 back in 1945 is worth $17 now. You don't even want to know what $17 was worth back the. 
Since Polio has been eradicated, a lot of March of Dimes money was funneled to fight premature births. World prematurity day was yesterday.

I am glad that FDR didn't think if every American only gave a shit...
He also ordered the incarceration of Japanese Americans During World War II.
TIL FDR's face is on the dime...
Huh. I did not know any of that. Interesting read. Thank you. 
Which is even more ironic is FDR could only probably march but penquin like 
So like...can The March of Dimes adjust for inflation now or what?
"If I had a dime for every American I would cure polio."
its why i put a dime under my foreskin.
The phrase "March of Dimes" was actually coined by entertainer Eddie Cantor, as a pun on the popular newsreels of the day entitled "The March of Time".
I always thought the March of Dimes was a parade of very attractive women.
The global polio eradication initiative is taking it a step further and trying to kill the disease altogether. Only a snack number of cases left in two countries (Afghanistan and Pakistan).
This is what I come to Reddit for. Thanks!
Hey Will Cope, you're a faggot
The story of the development of polio vaccine is a triumph of science.  Anti-vaxxers like Jenny McCarthy are doing a vast disservice to a generation of children. The only remedy to their nonsense is more and better science education.
Oh wow this is so good.
Truly an interesting TIL.  Thanks!
had no problems issuing debt during the war though
I see someone has been watching the new Ken Burns documentary on netflix. 10/10.
I love FDR and was a poster kid for the March of Dimes. I have never heard this. It's interesting. 
My company Charlie Uniform Tango works with the agency TM Advertising to produce the videos for March Of Dimes. It really is an amazing organization and I am honored to have been composing the original score for all the videos too. https://vimeo.com/132980310
funny how the world works. most powerful man in the world has polio, polio cured after his death.
And yet they send me a dime when they are looking for donations
The drug industry also colloquially referred to a 'dime bag' as a 'freddie' for quite some time.

Usage: "yo gimmie a freddie I got the money right here"
fdr is kill
TLDR 
I've read that researchers think that FDR actually had Guillain Barre Syndrome, not Polio. 
A truly horrible time in American history, all that potential profit wasted 
When I  was a boy in the 50's this was a big deal. All of us in school had a coin book that we would put our dime in every week.  There were many people in iron lungs when I was young. One of the vivid  memories I have was taking the sugar cubes that had the polio vacine.
But, you know . . . *March* . . . for *polio* . . .
today we'd blame immigrants for bringing weaponized polio in and justify a wall
If for some strange reason you ever find yourself in Warm Springs Georgia (such as a detour while driving down to Florida from the Northeastern US), you can tour FDR's "Little White House" and the polio rehab facility nearby. There's a neat little museum on the property, and FDR's retirement/vacation home was really interesting to see as well. It's a nice little home, but what impress me was that there's nothing fancy or presumptuous about it. If it weren't for the servants quarters and guard posts surrounding it, it might belong to your grandparents. There's also some nice hiking trails and views at the nearby state park, also a favorite spot of FDR, and Callaway Gardens is nearby as well.
In case y'all didn't know. FDR was the shit.
What he really meant to say was, "if every American gave a damn."
Best president in US history 
I heard it was called the March of Dimes because only 10% of every dollar went  to the actual research. Why the hell did I believe that?
TIL FDR is short for President Roosevelt.
If I had a nickel for every time I heard this, I'd have a dime
[deleted]
Did he include the Japanese in internment camps in his calculations? Or naw?
it's a good thing FDR died before he did any more damage to the USA. he was a crazy tyrannical nut job who burned citizens food in time of famine and rounded up japanese people and put them in internment camps. 
Another bunk charity. Tiny bit of your money hours to anything useful. That ceo makes tons of money
I was just wondering where that came in the care last night. I told myself I'd look it up when I got home. I forgot. 

Thanks.
"believed"
I thought everyone knew this..
Interesting. I actually first learned of the march of dimes recently while listening to old episodes of a podcast I've trying to get current on because they chose it for a charity thing they did.
back in a time where profit driven motive wasn't the only motive
Bah, socialism.
Yet, now, the march of dimes is one of the lowest rated charities out there. Dimes are all they hand out, compared to millions they receive.
It's also not a very good charity to give to.

http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&amp;orgid=4045#.Vkx1WHarTIU


And then the March of Dimes was investigated and found guilty of only using 10% of their donations for anything related to helping anybody, one dime on the dollar.
FDR also had Polio. So, keep that in mind. If you think he would of cared otherwise, you are kidding yourself. At any rate, circlejerk on. 
FDR was an anti-japanese POS
And yet it was not the government programs that cured polio but private researchers. 
Bureaucracy being what it is, Samuel Broder, the Former Director, National Cancer Institute remarked:


 “If it was up to the NIH to cure polio through a centrally directed program… You’d have the best iron lung in the world but not a polio vaccine.”  
I have no idea who the fuck FDR is.  Automatically capitalized so I guess I should... Whatever.  Inside joke?
where only a dime of every dollar goes to actual research... I stopped contributing to this a while ago.
FDR didn't have polio. He was actually afflicted with syphilis. 
wait he was the president,right? he could have literally just made a tax of 1 dollar for one year, right?
....and when a vaccine was found they said "oh shit! We're out of a job! Let's do "birth defects" instead, that ought to keep us employed for a while!"
I still prefer the old one that didn't use the redundant phrase "in god we trust", and instead focused on liberty. Before you begin breathing heavy and start typing a sarcastic response in order to hide your anger, I am not against the idea of god, I just think this phrase is WAY too overused.
He's also the president which set in motion the entire Middle East crisis by setting up dirty deals with the Saudis for oil in exchange for military training and help spreading Wahhabism in the Middle East.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/01/27/the-first-time-a-u-s-president-met-a-saudi-king/
And it's not like Missouri forgot to lock him up just once, either:

&gt;In 2004, Anderson filed another appeal based on inadequate legal representation at his trial.The appeal stated that Anderson was not in prison and it gave his current address at the time, but the Missouri Department of Corrections apparently did not notice this.

Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, I must work for the Missouri Department of Corrections.
What's amazing is that the guy rehabilitated himself, got married, started a business, voted, and paid his taxes during that 13 year period where he was supposed to be in jail.

In fact his behavior during that period really helped his case(his attorney had argued that he had served as his own probation officer).
"Excuse me, but I'm supposed to be getting out of jail today."

"You're in the wrong line, dumbass!"
&gt;Judge Brown then made his ruling first telling Anderson that:
&gt;
&gt;"You've been a good father. You've been a good husband. You've been a good taxpaying citizen of the state of Missouri. That leads me to believe that you are a good man and a changed man."
&gt;
&gt;...The judge announced to the courtroom that:
&gt;
&gt;"As such your sentence will be fully served and satisfied today.... Go home to your family, Mr. Anderson, and continue to be a good father, a good husband, a good taxpayer.... Good luck to you."

It's not often you find a judge as reasonable as this one. What's more surprising is that even the prosecuting attorney suggested that the man not be reincarnated.

Truly fascinating how going to prison isn't always the best solution. Here we have the story of a man who got a second chance on a clerical error, and managed to rebuild his life in the way simply going to jail might not.
This American Life did a story on him in 2014 when he was in prison. He was released a few months later.

http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/518/except-for-that-one-thing
I have a former client in a similar situation. He was sentenced to 5 years back in January. The judge gave him a turn in date for one month later. He didn't show up. 

The prison web site shows that he's incarcerated, but he's not. There is no warrant for his arrest. 

He's been posting public pics to Facebook for months and he's clearly not incarcerated.
Missouri is really good at this whole law enforcement thing, huh? 
This must have felt like the homework anxiety and then your teacher skips you, but times 100 
I hope he woke up laughing every day for 13 years 
&gt;In 2000, Rene Lima-Marin was convicted of multiple counts of robbing a man at gunpoint in Colorado. He was not eligible for parole until 2098, but due to a clerical error, he was released in 2008, 90 years early. He became active in his church, married his former girlfriend, helped raise her son, and had another son with her. In January 2014, the state of Colorado realized their mistake and Lima-Marin, now 35, was taken back into custody. He is currently represented by the same attorney, Patrick Megaro, who represented Michael Anderson.[32] Unlike Anderson, Lima-Marin's robbery victim has not forgiven him,[32] and it is unclear whether Lima-Marin was aware of the clerical error when he was paroled.[33]

:(
Isn't living in Missouri punishment enough?
The fear of getting in trouble with the law again and being "found" was probably a great and non-violent deferent for him to not commit anymore crimes. Think about it - "I can't get pulled over because I might literally end up in prison by the end of the night." I would be a perfect citizen just to stay under the radar. 
my guess is it went a little bit like this
http://youtu.be/arwZcw0Ejcc
Uh...how the dickens do you *forget* to put somebody in prison?
On the phone: "Hey...so it's almost midnight, what time are you guys coming to pick me up?"

"Pick you up for what, sir?"

"Oh...nothing." *click*
Missouri is a garbage state for criminal justice. Was robbed at gunpoint in my own home, but recognized the robber after looking at the VIDEO EVIDENCE I had on my cameras. This then guy goes on to rob a Jimmy Johns that same day. And what happened when we gave eye witness accounts and handed over the videos? They said they have bigger issues to deal with and since he didn't pull the trigger he's not as bad as what other criminals have done. Three months later I was completely moved out of that god awful state, seems drastic I know but when someone points a gun at my family, I need to know the state I live in supports me and not the one pointing the gun.
Here's your new imaginary cellmate
-- In March 2000, Anderson's jury trial for armed robbery began. Although police never recovered a weapon, they searched Anderson's apartment and found an advertisement brochure for Beretta semiautomatic pistols.[1] The St. Charles prosecutor in the case used the brochure to argue that although no weapon was found, Anderson owned a gun.[1] The jury returned a verdict of guilty and Anderson was sentenced to a total of 13 years in prison. --

According to the state of Missouri, I own a Porsche 911 Twin Turbo. 
I know a guy with a similar story albeit in a smaller scale.  He was in for a few months for writing bad checks and with a few weeks in his sentence, they were going to transfer him to a jail closer to home. The paperwork got messed up and they ended up releasing him. By the time they realized their mistake he had put his life back together and had a steady job, but they arrested him at work and made him serve the last month anyway. When he got out again, his employer wouldn't rehire him, turns out having employees dragged out by the police is not good for business. 
That guy had one snazzy name
I once got summoned for jury duty, didn't know because the summons went to my old apartment and didn't show. When I found out months later and hadn't heard from them I thought to myself, "It's probably better not to call to check with them on this."

I imagine that thought came to mind to this guy a couple times in those thirteen years.
Something similar happened to me.

I fought a DUI and lost and the judge said, "You got booked right?" 

And I was like, "No."

She said, "Go to the station and get booked, then they'll put you in jail."

I just didn't do it. That was 7 years ago.
So what do they do? Are they legally not allowed to put him back into prison because his time was up?
Luckiest guy ever.
Here's the thing, they tried to charge him with something else. I don't know the whole story but state and federal justice departments hate to be embarrassed and will generally try to exact revenge on anyone who gets away from their tight grip, even if you didn't commit the crime.
I'd think that he shouldn't have been made to serve the sentence for the court's fuckup. That would be cruel and unusual punishment. 
This American Life did a good story on this case. 
Looks like I have 22 years in prison and it goes down to single digits.
Read the 2014 arrest part too. It's almost crazier. 
I didn't do armed robbery, but I got a call about a warrant for my arrest because of probation check-in I missed, after I was done.  I remember being terrified when I was arrested, and it turns out most judicial systems are a complete joke and don't even know who you are.  I talked to my PO once in the year I was on probation.
How do you forget to put someone in prison? Don't they go from the court directly to the prison? At what point did he just go home instead? 
Haha this story reminded me of the scene from the movie Idiocracy. 

"Excuse me, I was supposed to be getting out of jail today, that guy sat on my head and everything" 

Guard: "wrong line dumb ass!!! Hey let this dumbass through"
I had a similar story with my client on a much lesser scale. I represented him on a bullshit felony possession of Xanax charge where his car was searched and one pill was found. He bonded out quickly on that. About 8 months later he picked up felony domestic battery charges, and his bond on the Xanax case was revoked and he was booked into custody. Turns out due to an error at First Appearance, he was given a bond on the new charge. He had also picked up a misdemeanor, too. When he pled out the MM charge, the jail made a clerical error and showed no holds on him. They released him by accident after he posted the bond on the domestic case. 

He never missed a court date. The prosecutor totally forgot she had revoked his bond. At any future court date, he could have been taken into custody. Ethically I obviously couldn't disclose it to the judge, but if the State had caught it, I would have had no argument against his being taken in. She never did though. 

Everything resolved with misdemeanor lessers and Nolle prosses in due time. Funniest thing was when the client asked me to try to get his jail credit for all the time he "should have" been in custody but wasn't. He thought he should be able to benefit from the jail's clerical error. I couldn't help but laugh. 
Government employees here folks. 
I wonder if every day for those 13 years he would wonder "is today the day they remember to book me", did he forget about it?, was he nervous everytime he saw a cop.


13 years later.... let me check your math on that....
All the more reason to never turn yourself in!
Considering he never committed any other crimes, this shows that doing absolutely nothing has a better rehabilitation rate than prison. Good job Missouri
Did not expect to read that he didn't end up having to serve the full sentence. He must have felt like he lucked out! 
Isn't living in Missouri punishment enough?
Missouri resident here. Don't judge Missouri on Furgeson alone look at our Baseball team. LOOK AT IT! See the Cardinals make everything better. 
" both the victim and a witness identified him as the robber. He was subsequently identified by them in a police lineup and charged with second degree robbery."

this is a self fullfilling prophecy.

this is why witnesses are largely useless and why lineups mean nothing in this type of case.

OF COURSE they will pick him out at a line up since brought him as a "perp" back to the scene for them to confirm first ASSURING they would not pick him from a line up.

take "ME" back to that scene and if I look even VAGUELY like the actual perp they will say YEAH the guy you have in handcuffs dragging back here must be it and their memory will not "adjust" and fill in the gaps those gaps will be "me" now.

useless.
That must have been a nerve-racking 13 years. I'm sure that everyday he thought "Is this the day that they come for me?"
If you can't punish the crime, don't sentence the time.
&gt; somewhat matched the description of the robber

So you mean they were both black men.
How do you forget to do that? Easy time I guess
His attorney won and the speed they acted.
Yup. Definitely my state.
As someone who works for a DOC, it isn't that far-fetched. Say the court sentences him to 13 months and asks him to report later that day to begin his sentence. He never does, the court never notifies the DOC about the sentence at all, and he could potentially never serve his sentence unless we look into something about him for some reason.

Or, say the jail believes the 13 month sentence to be theirs and decides to time serve him the day of sentencing. Nobody notifies DOC because nobody believes it's a DOC sentence at that point.

There's just so many ways this could happen. All a result of someone dropping the ball, but still possible.
Lucky bastard.
I think they made an entire episode of this American life about it. It's crazy tho, he rehabilitated himself and was a contributing member of the society. 
did he build his current life from proceeds from other robberies that he didnt get caught for? :P
But I'm sure the prison still received funding for his incarceration over 13 years.
Fantastic MO, ya did it again!
Fool me more than three times, you're a weather man!
Of course they quickly tried to find a reason to re-arrest in for another crime to "prove" they were "right" the first time.
...How do you fuck that up?!
Maybe locking them away and treating them like savages and outcasts -might- not be the right solution for every person that commits a crime.

Looks like all this guy really needed was a stern talking to.
Glad to know my state had a handle on things
That guy had one snazzy name
Crazy things like this can happen
Cornealious!
I remember his story from This American Life.  The guy was very sorry in the end for what had happened.   Even the owner of the place he robbed expressed he had forgiven him and that the man was rehabilitated.  Throwing him in prison would of only reversed all the good he was.  Its unbelievable that the corrections system is unwilling to own up to their mistakes.  They made the mistake and were dead set to just put him back in jail just to appear to correct their mistakes.  
And then they try to put him away for robbery again at the end of the wiki page ahaha
I want this to be turned into a Mike Judge film.  I think he'd do great things with the story, make it funny, and even manage to underpin it with some social commentary on the inefficacy of our prison system.
I can't believe I didn't see anyone post this already. After they found out that he wasn't in prison they sent a SWAT team to his home and put him back in jail for almost an entire year until the judge said basically said "What the hell are you doing? Let this guy go."
NPR did a segment on this. 
Sounds like some kind of scam from the prison profiting off of prisoners they don't have to take care of.
This is the most Missouri thing I've ever read.
haha! This was hilarious! 
Reminds me of [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pibqo6Z4Cgo)
Isn't there a This American Life episode about this?
That can't be a mistake!
There was a This American Life or Radio Lab episode about it.
Is there any due process rights violation if they failed to incarcerate him?
Still 10 months in prison and didn't show.
To bad... he could have gotten a real education on how to be a better criminal in prison.
I wonder if there are prisoners in Missouri who they forgot to release.
Eauivalent of getting grounded and behaving in hopes you go unnoticed.
So...... Then what?
This is like the opposite of the Shawshank Redemption.
A cynical person might think they were going to prison isn't always the best solution for anything, besides perhaps fulfilling the lust for vengeance.
This American Life did a segment on this. [Episode 518: Except For That One Thing, Act One](http://m.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/518/except-for-that-one-thing?act=1#act-1)
Well, that's on them.
This is all I could think of
http://rickandmorty.wikia.com/wiki/Krombopulos_Michael
Well if he ain't meant to be in prison, he ain't meant to be in prison. Karma I guess? 
He was not in jail till your bail hearing came up.
There was a This American Life(?) story on this, I was laughing a bit too hard while driving
Oops
I live on the guy.
He should've broke into prison the night before his release date, and pretend like he served 13 years
Those aren't hillbillies, those are all posibilities?
The grass there is no warrant for his arrest.
By the time you'd spend in jail when you're supposed to be better.
[Looooooooooooool](https://youtu.be/pibqo6Z4Cgo?t=1m46s).  This is what I imagine it looked like.
I live in supports me and my wife.
Brazzerly Hills That's why he didn't really know what to think of it.
In the year 2000... In the year 2000....
Checks out Sounds like the kind of business If its anything like my marriage the only rubbing would have happened to me.
Half your age plus seven 

I have never gotten a ticket in Missouri, even after running 5 red lights and speeding 25 over I got pulled over at 3am outside my place of work. The cop came up to my window and asked 'Why did you just do all that, I was there following you after the first red light you ran?'
I said 'I was going to be late to work and my work will call it an hour late even it's a few seconds, and these traffic lights are timed perfectly to be red after one turns green the other turns red every single day.
Cop said: 'I know, I don't like these lights either. Next time, leave earlier'
I said: Will do, officer. Thanks!

With running the lights ill get to work in 7 minutes, with stopping at each light it takes 28 mins and never any traffic at 3am.
Fool me twice, I must work for the Missouri Department of Corrections informing them he wasn't like pulled over or anything during that time should count as time served, so they let him go.
Typical Missouri.
There was an amazing piece that This American Life did a few years back on him. If I wasn't late to the party or on mobile I'd link to it. 
There's a great This American Life episode about this.
In Missouri it's legal to have sex with a corpse. Really weird state.
me_irl
this proves that you dont need to be in a correctional institution to "be a changed man". all you need to do is fear going, and repent of your wrong doings. 
In the year ^two^thouuu^saaaaand
[deleted]
Someone elsewhere mentioned that he had anything to hide.
I'd think that he shouldn't have been made to serve the sentence for the court's fuckup. That would be cruel and unusual punishment. 
He probably begged that the evidence that exonerated him was found thanks to the state was prosecuting for the charges to be staying.
What happened to him afterwards?
Just goes to show you, only God and the Lord Jesus Christ are infallible, the laws of men will always be second to the laws of God

God Bless
Comments like "the victim doesn't think he should be in prison" irk me. People are incarcerated to keep all people safe not just the victim. His next victim probably hopes he was in prison before he did it to them. 
There's something in the water in that state.
ummm....he's an idiot? and will go back?
What's amazing is that the guy rehabilitated himself, got married, started a business, voted, and paid his taxes during that 13 year period where he was supposed to be in jail.

In fact his behavior during that period really helped his case(his attorney had argued that he had served as his own probation officer).
sounds like white privledge
I think letting him go was bullshit.  He committed armed robbery and was found guilty.  I don't care if he cured cancer while he was out on appeal but they figured out the messup and now it's time to serve his sentence.

Nothing to 'except' here.  He committed a crime and now must do the time.
He should have gone back to prison for 13 years. Everyone here is singing songs how he rehabilitated himself, but the fact is he knew he was supposed to be in prison and instead didn't turn himself in. That speaks volumes in itself. If you tried this with taxes or skipping the draft you'd be hung out to dry. -and the charge was armed robbery. Not some overblown drug case. He could have killed someone.
For anyone interested This American Life did a story on this guy a year ago or so. Would link to it if not so lazy. 
You sound like a delight
/r/facepalm
And we trust the people in charge of this fiasco to properly make sure that the correct people are on death row and we don't kill Innocent persons.

le sigh. 
&gt;751 people contracted salmonellosis as a result of the attack; 45 of them were hospitalized. There were no fatalities. 


I think this was on criminal or 99% invisible.  Gives a lot of the back story.
I grew up near there, and remember this from when I was a kid. It was a pretty big deal. Dude got deported, and a whole slew of other countries wouldn't let him in. It's kind of a bummer having no place to go like that, but that's what you get for doing that kind of shit. 
My professor back in my freshman year of college was Dave Frohmayer. He was the Oregon Attorney General that took down that cult. He had some amazing stories about it. Rest in Peace Dave!  
Here's an [interesting documentary](http://www.opb.org/television/programs/oregonexperience/segment/rajneeshpuram/) on the subject. Pretty fascinating. These folks pumped $50 million into building a utopian ranch for the "Rajneeshees", recruited/imported *thousands* of people, and basically tried hi-jack the city.  Things were so contentious that at one point, city schools were segregated to separate the townsfolk from the cult's kids. Pretty amazing just how quickly it escalated.
And now the cult's commune is a summer camp!
Why do cults always seem to do crazy shit like this?
So an assumption was made that the majority of their electorate would be dining at salad bars on the day prior to the election? 
This is the subject of a Forensic Files episode that always seems to be on when I'm trying to find something to watch at 2am.
Well thank god I never eat salad.
Local residents suspected the cult and turned out in droves on election day to defeat the plan. Hah!
Wow my little town is on reddit! I'm so proud :,)
Oregonians have a new cult trying to win election. Scientologists. They infiltrate everywhere. Company I worked for hired 3 mid management HR people at the same time, next thing you know we're in a training class taught by  a "lead" and 2 teenage girls from the scientology high school in southern oregon. To "learn how to learn".  It was a hot mess. People resigned, people got fired. 

Scientologists still actively recruit in downtown Portland and have billboards up. 

Fucken Xenu. 
I grew up near here. I've heard all about this. The place is now a YoungLife summer camp where I actually lived for a while. They still use alot of the same buildings. The old prayer center/garage where the cult leader kept his cars is now a sports center with rock walls, basketball courts, volleyball, skatepark, etc. The cabin/dorm rooms where the campers stay is where the Rajnesshi would have bath house orgies. You can still see where the tubs were. The Rajnesshies put in millions of dollars of water/sewage and gas lines. The whole story is actually quite in credible. I'm on mobile right now but I'll have to find a link to the story for yall.
How come we say salmon like sam-mon, but salmonella like sal-ma-nella?
I was born, raised, and still live in The Dalles, where all this took place. Its definitely something that this town will never forget, even though nobody died. The camp that Bogwan Rajneesh had created was incredibly terrifying. There were men will fully loaded guns, and they all wore the same clothing. The people who lived there all talked about peace at first, but as they grew it was almost like there was an army building up. All because of one man. It was surreal, like something straight out of a movie. 
The place the cult was living is now a Christian young life camp that I have been to many times. You can still go to some of their old abandoned huts and the crematorium that they had only had one recorded use. 
Still better than my ex-wifes food. Amirite?
Oooh that also happened in my town, The Dalles. They spritzed it all over the food bar in a pizza joint (that now operates out of the college, and a mexican restaurant is there now) 
Hey that's my town!  We actually eat pretty regularly at one of the restaurants that was contaminated by the cult.  It was a pizza restaurant back then, but now it's a mexican food place. 
Dude had like a hundred Rolls Royce's and was screwing a bunch of chicks and they decide to go poison the local Shakey's. Nice plan.
The guru of this cult, now known as Osho, is still pretty popular among the yoga and new age crowd.
What if that's how the Reasonablists took over Pawnee?
I'd heard about salmonella at salad bars before, but had no idea why anyone would think it would be a risk. Now I know.
Awesome podcast by 99% invisible! It describes how the cult was formed as well as how they infiltrated local government. Well worth the listen:
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/99-invisible/id394775318?mt=2&amp;i=354251795
I seem to remember Native Americans being killed off by infect blankets, although I think I may have even seen on Reddit at one point that this was a myth. Can anyone please refresh my memory on this?
Oregon was too soft on these assholes!!! WTF?  

"On July 22, 1986, both women entered Alford pleas for the salmonella poisoning and the other charges, and received sentences ranging from three to twenty years, to be served concurrently. Sheela received 20 years for the attempted murder of Rajneesh's physician, twenty years for first-degree assault in the poisoning of Judge Hulse, ten years for second-degree assault in the poisoning of Commissioner Matthews, four and a half years for her role in the salmonella poisoning, four and a half years for the wiretapping conspiracy, and five years' probation for immigration fraud; Puja received fifteen, fifteen, seven and a half, and four and a half years, respectively, for her role in the first four of these crimes, as well as three years' probation for the wiretapping conspiracy.[5][12][32] Both Sheela and Puja were released on parole early for good behavior, after serving twenty-nine months of their sentences in a minimum-security federal prison.[5][12][35][36] Sheela's Green Card was revoked; she moved to Switzerland. She remarried there and went on to run two nursing homes in Switzerland.[37]"
I live around this area and this is such a unique piece of local history that I wish more people knew about! Crazy stuff over here in the northwest
If you guys want to hear an indepth report on this cult, check out http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/rajneeshpuram/

This podcast did a story about them. Also, a great podcast overall if you frequent TIL
I imagine OP may have been listening to the recent [99 Percent Invisible](https://www.reddit.com/r/99percentinvisible) podcast on this topic. It's an awesome, fascinating podcast, and if you want to listen to this episode, check it out [here](http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/rajneeshpuram/).
This was my first-ever submission to reddit over 3 years ago. Guess my title game not quite up to snuff yet :(
Hey this is a really great and surprisingly balanced documentary on that cult! 


It highlights a lot of the tensions between the "Cult" (Commune may be a better word) and the locals, including the incident at the salad bar.


http://www.opb.org/television/programs/oregonexperience/segment/rajneeshpuram/
 
I too listen to 99% Invisible. 
I heard this on the dollup podcast a bit ago. A good listen.
OPB made an excellent documentary about this place not too long ago, definitely worth a watch if you are interested in this topic. I live nearby, and have spent time at the ranch (after it was converted to a resort). They also rounded up a bunch of homeless and others to come stuff the ballot boxes.
Now the site of a Young Life youth Christian camp. http://www.christianitytoday.com/ct/1999/november15/9td022.html#bmb=1
The Dollop hit this topic last year hilariously 
http://thedollop.libsyn.com/acharya-rajneesh

There was a great 99pi episode about this just a few weeks ago: http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/rajneeshpuram/
Rajneeshpuram was the name of the town in Oregon where these cult members lived. Today the town is now a camp for the Christian youth group, Younglife.
The bit where they fucked up was the bit of their plan involving "Salad" in the US. 
Shoutout to The Dollop podcast.
I was in my early 20s living in Oregon when all this was going on. I remember it vividly. The whole thing was just flippin' crazy. The cult was heavily armed with assault weapons and the head guru was driven around in one of his 93 Rolls Royces.

Here's a bit of intriguing family history which relates to this story; back in the 1930s my grandparents considered buying the [Big Muddy Ranch.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rajneeshpuram#History) They drove out from the Salem area to Antelope. When my grandmother saw where the ranch was located she put the veto on it. At the time, it was just too isolated of a location for her.

I sometimes wonder if had my grandparents bought the ranch that the Rajneeshee may not gotten established in Oregon.
&gt;  It was the first and single largest bioterrorist attack in US history.

Its not a competition, but that is [incorrect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege_of_Fort_Pitt). US history is very colonial central prospectively, and doesnt count or include any of the centuries long[ genocide](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genocide_definitions) against the people who were already here. My people. I find it offensive how often these stories are overlooked. 



Jokes on them.  I don't eat salad...or vote.   And I don't live in Oregon.  
You don't make friends with salad 
Haha my girlfriend used to send me quotes and poems as little love letters. Once, she sent me the quote:

&gt;“If you love a flower, don’t pick it up.
Because if you pick it up it dies and it ceases to be what you love.
So if you love a flower, let it be.
Love is not about possession.
Love is about appreciation.” 

and then I looked him up and it turns out he was a terrorist lol
were you listening to 99 percent inivisible podcast when you learned this?
In the 40s the government spread syphillis and flu on black people just to see what would happen.

I call that a bio attack.
Good ol' Bagwan Shree. http://www.kevinrdshepherd.net/assets/images/Rajneesh.jpg
How did they spread the bacteria without anyone noticing? I'd be a little weirded out if I saw someone at the salad bar start wiping down the place with something from his pocket.
I listened to the 99% Invisible podcast episode on this very cult. It is crazy. What started off as some sort of religious following became a self-sufficient community which quickly turned into a power-hungry wannabe town. 
 A solid book that touches on those events:

http://www.amazon.com/Germs-Biological-Weapons-Americas-Secret/dp/0684871599
Lol they teach you this in the ServSafe textbook
99% Invisible. A podcast talked about this. It's a REALLY good story to get into. 
29 months for this? Easy prison sentence
Not often I see the Rajneeshis being referenced on reddit.  An odd little chapter in Oregon's history.
i just listened to that dollop the other day
Truth is stranger than fiction.
I live in the town that happened in. The Dalles 
Call me a worry wort, but now that this has made front page, you know some sicko somewhere is going to do this now. Like we don't have enough ideas for these freaks.
Welll, that is a really shitty thing to do...
Doesn't terrorism imply that the goal is to strike fear into the victims? Wouldn't it be more accurate to just call it a biological attack?
FOOLS. Americans don't eat salad!
The largest bio terrorist attack in U.S. history was probably when we gave the Indians those cozy warm blankets with the diseases in them.
Still better than my ex-wifes food. Amirite?
Honestly, that's just the tip of the iceberg with that community. I HIGHLY recommend you folks listen to the [99% Invisible podcast episode about these people](http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/rajneeshpuram/). They were a hippie commune that evolved into an armed town taken over by a cult. That page also has a lot of photos and videos of these people.
Pretty sure the first bioterror attack in the US came in the form of some diseased blankets we sent to the Native Population.
First and largest?? I think the native Americans would beg to differ.
This attack happened in The Dalles, OR. We had to learn about it in school since it was a part of our towns history. They also bussed a crap ton of homeless people to our town in an attempt to vote in themselves to city council. The camp they stayed at was changed to a summer camp and our senior trip was to spend the day there doing fun summer stuff.
My parents lived here during that time. I was born in 1986 and can still remember as a young kid my parents making comments about avoiding the salad bar.
Holy shit my town made the front page?! Kinda weird to see it here.

My sister worked for one of the lawyers who worked on the case, Van Valkenberg. She found all the court recrds and newspaper clippings, etc, and brought them home to look at. Some pretty crazy stuff went down, and I guess there's some classified shit too because all the security agencies were all over it at the time, secretly of course. Apparently security agencies tend to take bioterrorism pretty seriously.
Smallpox? Estimated 25,000 of the Cherokee tribe. 
If you like podcasts check out 

99% Invisible: 184- Rajneeshpuram

Great episode 
Don't give people ideas…...
Largest bioterrorist attack after the small pox blankets.
Attacking salad bars in America? Hahahahahahahahahaha.

Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
That the cult I joined!
Osho did not seem to be directly connected to the attacks nor did he seem to have condoned them..  Just saying 
Everyone is talking about podcasts on this for some reason...

Well, here is OPB's own Oregon Experience episode on the event with more info than any podcast could provide
http://www.opb.org/television/programs/oregonexperience/segment/rajneeshpuram/
From Oregon myself. Pretty sure the cult was the Rajneesh people. And pretty sure he bought everyone a Rolls Royce. Or at least bought a lot. I've been to the old compund where they were living. It's used as a Christian camp now I believe. Real nice place. Good swimming pool too. And a zip line... From what I remember from my parents telling me, they basically recruited a ton of homeless people from surrounding cities to support their cause but once it fell through, they just drop off all the homeless in some city with nowhere to go.
It was surreal, like something straight out of a Forensic Files episode that always seems to be on when I'm trying to spread terror to get what they want.
That's why I always avoid the salmon salads
Did they just rub raw chicken on everything? How did they get their hands on 'Salmonella' ? I doubt an infected cultist would have gotten far with those symptoms to carry out such a deed.
I thought Salmonella was a type of sausage.

Well, you learn something everyday.
Was this the basis for Rant by Chuck Palahniuk?
I knew I've been avoiding salad for a reason...
Hi, native Oregonian here, we're so weird, even our terrorists are wacky!
Do you listen to 99% invisible??? 
I wonder if this is why serv-safe has a section has a section on terrorism in food service
got to watch out for the sneaky's...
they'll go right for your bio's...
we've got to get over secret mission heads going all out to get their own way regardless of ah what-a-woompa, a-rump-a-tump-a-tooft-a, a-doomp-doompa-doompa, blue!
Well? Did it work? Did they win?
What Sheila did doesn't change how amazing Osho was
when /r/WritingPrompts goes wrong
I wouldn't have to worry about anything. *cause I never eat lettuce*
Fun facts: the leaders mansion was struck by lightning, burnt down, was rebuilt, stuck by lightning again, burnt down again

The land is now a christian youth retreat. The massive cult-worship-church area has been converted to North America's longest continuous hard wood floor. 

Source: shaky unreliable memory from the last time I was there 10 yr ago
99% certain that one of the lead investigators came and talked to one of my criminal justice classes. I guess him  and my professor were good friends or something like that. I remember being mildly fascinated, but he want the most engaging speaker so it was difficult for me to stay awake. 
Who can ever forget [Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rajneesh)?
If you did that now there would be no white girls left
Ah yes, the Rajneeshpuram! Weird and interesting story for sure. My dad told me about how the leader used all the money the people in the cult gave him to buy all these Rolls Royce's that he would parade around in everyday. Once he got in trouble/deported they interviewed the Rolls Royce dealership owner on the news and he said "I'm going to miss that guy!" They turned the former compound into a Young Life camp too haha.
Ma Anand Sheela - she was one seriously shrill harpy.  Someone wrote a song about her.  
That was a fun time to be in Portland - rajneesees running around in red robes, Zorba the Buddha, the Bhagwan with his 94 Rolls Royces, taking over Antelope ... good times....
I too listen to listen to 99% Invisible.
He is a lesser place with something from his pocket.
It was surreal, like something straight out of a Young Life youth Christian camp. http://www.christianitytoday.com/ct/1999/november15/9td022.html#bmb=1 Awesome podcast by 99% invisible!
Several years ago I was volunteering at what is now the Young Life camp. One evening, after a long day of work, a few counselors and I stole away to go for a hike in the surrounding hills. At the time, there were many of the A-frame dwellings still standing out of view from the campgrounds. We went inside one of them. Aside for trash spewed over the floor, it was empty and in relatively good condition. We had heard stories of the cult and the weird things they did. The story of the cult is now part of the camp lore, and so naturally, many of juicy parts were embellished. (after that summer I think they started tearing down many of those abandoned structures). Anyway, there was something eerie about standing inside this little hut hidden in the cliffs of the high desert, and I wondered about the families who once lived in them and the bizarre things they must have been a part of. It was kinda spooky, so we GTFO'd. The end. 
The Dalles... Wasco County... 1984 Oregon... Why would anyone from this time and location be eating a salad?
So is this 99% Invisible podcast concerned with weird unknown historical events, or what?
And that's why I don't eat salad
I remember that happening when i was a kid.
Who puts salmon on their salad?
I live about 3 blocks from the Taco Time. AMA LOL
I remember watching the one investigation show and this was on there. It was a great episode.
Most definitely NOT the first.
Sounds like a crap plan.

Edit: A CRAP plan, Coral! because, food poisoning?
oh suit yourself.
The people responsible for this were released on good behavior parole after serving 29month of a 20 year sentence. Yay justice system?
The 1984 Osho  bioterror attack was the food poisoning of 751 individuals in The Dalles, Oregon, United States, through the deliberate contamination of salad bars at ten local restaurants with salmonella. A leading group of followers of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh (later known as Osho) had hoped to incapacitate the voting population of the city so that their own candidates would win the 1984 Wasco County elections.[2] The incident was the first and single largest bioterrorist attack in United States history.[3][4] The attack is one of only two confirmed terrorist uses of biological weapons to harm humans since 1945.
I think this was on criminal or 99% invisible.
[The Japanese actually almost launched a biological warfare attack on us in WW2.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Cherry_Blossoms_at_Night)
the land where the cult resided  was sold to a Christian organization and is now a Christian kids camp. 
I like 99% invisible too!
This was also just considered a small scale test run for the them. They were planning on large scale attack all over the country.
Just heard about this the other day from 99% Invisible (podcast).
So, project Mayhem?
The Leader is good  
The Leader is great  
We surrender our will  
As of this date
Americans eat salad?
It's never the muslims
I had to re read the title several times. I kept saying it's not an Oregon City, its just Oregon City. then I realized it was referencing some city in Oregon and I felt dumb.
I would say the sentencing was fair as well, because they are one targeting total innocent people, two it could risk in the deaths of innocent people and three just for being such deluded assholes!
I read the title and thought, "I don't remember that from the book..."
TIFU, by reading about terrorist attacks on the London Underground. Oops. 
Only in Oregon
I had heard about salmonella at salad bars earlier, however i had no idea why anyone would consider it would be a risk. Now I understand.
Fuckin Oregon City. Pretty sure that's where that crazy church that doesn't believe in medicine is, where the couple went to jail for letting their baby die of a urinary infection or something like that. I think they had two incidents of people going to jail for not going to the doctor. Tiny town, lots of "big news" going on.
I didn't know about this and now I realize that The Simpsons episode where Homer joins the Movementarians references this cult when the Rolls Royce drives through their camp.
There's a great 99% invisible podcast on that cult. Podcast is called Rajneeshpuram. Also, it most certainly was a cult and dude is not real deal. Those rolls royces just showed the incredible amount of wealth that this gut gained at the expense of his followers. He was expelled from India for that very reason - misleading the populace spiritually and amassing stupid wealth. 
I learned about this on Forensic Files. 
Hell yeah! My home state has the best stories.
If you could stop giving the terrorists ideas, that would be great, thanks. 
Why are we still allowing salad bars? We should bomb them into the stone age. 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/howhumanbeingswork] [TIL that in 1984 a cult spread salmonella on salad bars at restaurants in an Oregon city. They hoped to incapacitate the local population so that their candidates would win local elections. It was the first and single largest bioterrorist attack in US history.](https://np.reddit.com/r/HowHumanBeingsWork/comments/3tf0u0/til_that_in_1984_a_cult_spread_salmonella_on/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
What idiots. Basic deductive logic would have had it traced back to them.

Any time there's mass victims of something deliberate like that the cops would look at any connection thr victims had to eachother and anything locally going on i.e. the election
Wiki see say some positive things about the leader...kinda strange...this guy is fucked up he should have died in jail...this was attempted mass murder...money bought him freedom...
&gt; an Oregon city
There was a Sky One documentary about ten years ago, where some experts were saying: if you really wanted to fuck up London quite quickly, you'd do something to bank notes. I wonder how much that applies today given how cardless much of the West is now. 
I guess you could say the cult members were...salmovillians.
Didn't they recognize lox?
I once knew a Sal Monella

He lived in Queens.
Industrial scale terrorism:

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RM0uvgHKZe8 

Sfw
Biowarfare is worse then bombing in my opinion. 
If it was the first, then it was also the smallest.
Grew up in Oregon and was 8 when this happened.  Making me feel old when events that are still clear in my memory are now being touted as "OMG, Did you guys know that...."
Oh, wait... "U.S. history." Ergo, the smallpox blankets don't count.
99% invisible eh?
Didn't Americans come under bio-terrorist threat with that Anthrax in the mail business?
The podcast 99% invisible does a great episode on the story of this "non-religious" cult.  It is a really good listen, both the episode and show as a whole.
1984??

 I thought it was well before that!
 Q
The Podcast 99% Invisible did a great episode on the cult. It was very interesting, [here](http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/rajneeshpuram/) is a link to the episode. 
The podcast 99% Invisible did a good episode on Rajneeshpuram if anyone is interested.
Terrorists in Oregon?  Better not let any Oregonians settle in my state. 
Seems they didn't want to scare anyone, so not a terror attack. It was a local coup d'etat using weapons of mass destruction. Probably the only one in newer history.
Happy Halloween Baghwan
Single largest is a weird expression

&gt; They hoped to incapacitate the local population so that their candidates would win local elections.

Thats not terrorism, that's an attempted violent revolution.
I don't remember this in the book, fam.
TIR: Today I remembered of it...
Let's go ahead and post this on reddit so people can get ideas. Thanks OP! 
They also bussed in lots of homeless people pretending to be helpful, but really just to get them registered to vote and outvote the population of the town.

Here's a great doc on the group and their two primary leaders.

http://www.opb.org/television/programs/oregonexperience/segment/rajneeshpuram/

or 

https://vimeo.com/83213463
Hello!
Here’s some information to get you started with reddit.
The key to enjoying reddit is finding the right communities to follow

They say there’s a subreddit for everything. Type in an interest and Snoo (our time traveling alien mascot) will help find the right subreddit for you!
How it all works

Users post to communities, also known as subreddits.
Other users vote and comment on those posts.
Based on those votes, the best posts rise to the top for all to enjoy.
Users who post or comment earn karma points when their content gets voted up, or upvoted.
As you’re participating, be aware that each subreddit has its own unique personality and rules, usually found in their sidebar. Those are the basics! Once you poke around the site a bit, please feel free to check out a more in-depth explanation about what reddit is and how it works. Happy redditing! :)
By the way...
Wasn't this on an episode of Forensic Files?
99% invisible did a really good podcast on this whole cult. Worth checking out. I think its #184. 

http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/rajneeshpuram/
This is why I don't eat salad. 
It isn't really bioTerrorism persay
This detail is just the tip of the iceberg that is this story.
This happened in the county that I grew up in. I remember it. I was 6ish when they moved out near Antelope and they all wore red. All the locals stopped wearing red, my mom's boss got sick at one of the salad bars, guys like my dad wanted to turn it into a gun battle(kids hear stuff), there is a statue at the county courthouse now(so we never forget). 

After growing up with all of that, you'd think I'd be anti immigration/refugee. I'm not though, looking back I realize that some things about that whole situation could have been handled differently. Neither side had the insight to step outside of their cultural experience to find the middle ground.

On a side note, the ranch property has been bought and sold several times since then and is considered somewhat cursed. Nothing started out there succeeds. 
And this is why, to this day, I avoid buffetts! It scarred me as a kid.
Some say that every Hometown Buffet in the land still carries the sickness...
&gt;1984

Well, no surprise there.
OP has been listening to 99% invisible.

I'm NOT Roman Mars.  
99% invisible has a really good podcast piece on this
http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/rajneeshpuram/
I expected that to go in a different direction, that no one contracted  salmonella because no one ate off the salad bar .
I too listen to 99% Invisible 
In Senate subcommittee hearings in 1977, the U.S. Army revealed that weeks before Mr. Nevin checked into a San Francisco with fever and general malaise.
They also attempted at least one political assassination and recruited homeless people to put in their local towns so they would vote their own people into power. 
Us bank forced my ex to pay a large fee to close her account. We went here and filed a report a few weeks later we got a check and a letter from us bank saying they did nothing wrong but the government made them give us our money back anyway
And its annual budget is ~500M. 2.5B in, 10B out, not a bad return on taxpayer investment.
And just a couple of days ago Carly Fiorina came out against it at the debates
$588.23 per person! Not half bad. 
[deleted]
My friend took out a large business loan, and after the business went bust the bank was still chasing him up about repaying the loan, despite him sticking to the payment schedule they kept asking for higher repayment rates, adding ridiculous interest and exorbitant missed payment fees if he was even a day late. He went to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and filed a report, and they investigated it and found that the bank had sold him PPI illegally, was adding huge amounts of interest far above the rate set out in the original contract, adding inflated service charges and, in the CFPBs words, were found to be acting as a "predatory lender". Within a couple of weeks the loan was written off and my friend got a cheque for $28,000. This is indeed a fantastic organization, and its very existence is evidence that money can't buy everything, and that the government will take steps to protect the little guy. Put that in your pipe and smoke it, Communists!! :) 
And now there's a huge smear campaign taking place to try to scare people into hating it. 
And Republicans are running in '16 on eliminating it.

If you watch the debates they are running commercials about how bad it is.

Go vote in '16.
Thank you Elizabeth Warren! I don't care how much American Indian you are, you're cool with me.
Thanks Obama!
*This is not a Paid post by Consumer Financial Protection Bureau...*
I had a dispute with a very large bank where they tried to claim that I deposited two counterfeit checks. The checks were pretty substantial, and they were from a legal settlement. I knew for a fact that they were valid checks. But the bank was still able to hold my funds (including the funds I had in my account prior to the checks) until they completed their "investigation." Nobody would listen to me, I called multiple times and spoke to the manager, his manager, HER manager, the executive office, nothing. Went into multiple branches (of both my bank AND the bank where the checks were written) and still, nothing.

A friend of a friend is a compliance manager at another big bank. She immediately told me to contact the CFPB. Two weeks later, the bank called me to let me know that I could go into the closest branch on my lunch break and get my money. It felt like I had someone in my corner against this gigantic, faceless bank.
Vending machine at work stole my $1.50 today. 
they should go after comcast. 
The company that aired a completely stupid commercial against them during...*big surprise* ... the GOP debate, Navient, services every one of my student loans.  
Not feeling good about my financial future right now. Says a lot when a loans company resorts to such immature trash-talking and does nothing to reassure the people it's supposed to serve.
As an Ohioan, losing Richard Cordray sucked but I'm glad to see he's doing good work for the country. He's a ball buster.
Bookmarked. Thank you.
Says...the bureau?
[Here is an Anti- CFPB ad by some evil super PAC, the likes to dislikes is funny.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wF7HFQSpDQE﻿)
Elizabeth Warren for president! 

^^^:-(
Please keep in mind that while the CFPB has done awesome things for home owners, the biggest argument against them is the lack of checks and balances against them. They are the judge and jury and legislator, meaning they can make the law, they can enforce it, and they can assess punitive damages for breaking it. 

There are examples of them retroactively enacting a law, meaning in 2010 a certain action wasn't illegal and was common practice. In 2015, they decide that a law should be passed to protect consumers and instead of enforcing on a go-forward basis, they retroactively punish banks and lenders for actions that were perfectly legal at the time. 

They have good intentions and are doing good things, but they really need separation of powers. 
I'm sure that's on the GOP hit list.

There's a reason bankers complain about "too much government".
10 BILLION dollars in 5 years. On average that's over 5 million dollars every single day. 
How's this have so few comments for 1000+ upvotes?
Thank Elizabeth Warren
&gt; For years, critics have argued that the agency is too powerful. 

No surprise that it's "critics" are nothing more than big-shot republicans with numerous interests in high interest financial products that often disproportionately target the poor, like pay day loan, mortgage, credit card and student loan industries.

Fuck these greedy cunts, thank goodness for the CFPB.
This is a lot similar to an agency we have here in Norway, it is absolutely fantastic.

Companies can look out for themselves, it is the individuals who need protecting. That a five year old agency can do so much good for people in the U.S. with such a small budget just goes to show how incredibly important it is. You're lucky to finally have it, don't let it go!
Nice try CFPB!
The CFPB has also been ruthlessly authoritative in its application and interpretation of bank regulation. Don't get me wrong, I'm not one of those Reaganite zealots or a believer in minimal financial regulation - quite the opposite. I am, however, closely involved with numerous small, community banks which are undoubtedly struggling to identify what is law and what is not due to the nature of regulation and the CFPB's arbitrary application of it. Consumers should be protected from huge financial corporations which easily take advantage of them - no doubt about that - but it is necessary to view the good with the bad here. This title (and your post history) make me rather suspicious of your motives. This is coming from a hard-left Bernie supporter.
And the Right is up in arms about getting ripped off by the government... AHHHH
And now there's a huge smear campaign taking place to try to scare people into hating it. 
Brought to you by that useless "socialist" Elizabeth Warren. Remember kids, when conservatives hate someone, it's usually because they are genuinely good people.
Sometimes justice isn't dragging a CEO to jail. Justice is the harder path that never gets recognized by the rabble rousers and the self styled heroes of the masses.
Do "deceptive financial practices" include predatory student loans? 
They have also prevented lots of credit worthy people from getting loans, and caused higher rates for the rest of us.

Its a mixed bag.
The article implies that these recoveries would not have happened in the absence of the bureau, but that's not a true statement in the cases cited in the article.  There are other laws that made the conduct illegal, and other enforcement mechanisms.  Here's an example of Countrywide being investigated (and of course ultimately found guilty) of similar practices prior to the existence of the CFPB.

http://money.cnn.com/2007/11/28/news/companies/countrywide_foreclosure/

It's like saying we created a new police force to catch only bank robbers, and then citing all bank robbers caught as incremental success of the new police force.  It's deliberate misinformation, and people are misled by it.


The CFPB is so mismanaged that they are restricted from giving employees annual performance ratings.  

http://oig.federalreserve.gov/reports/cfpb-management-challenges-sep2015.htm
As someone who works in a service industry tangentially effected by the CFPB it makes me very sad to see the reactions of people who have no idea what they really do.  They're just a governmental bully on the block, if you look at early numbers strictly it might be appealing but wait until you try to get a loan and get it processed, guess who will foot that bill.  Spoiler alert, it's not the banks... Oh and it'll take quite a bit longer too.  Sad to see people so blindly positive over a fluff piece.
Mortgage Banker Here... I see why the average consumer would love the CFPB. They sound like a Robin Hood type organization, but the reality is they also cost the consumers a lot of money. The amount of regulation and oversight they create has beejn very cumbersome for our small bank. The increased costs associated with all of their compliance laws are ultimately passed on to the consumer. There is also very little oversight that keeps them from overreaching. 


I know I am going to get downvoted to hell, but I figure I should just tell the truth so that hopefully it helps someone. This started with Bill Clinton. He introduced a ton of legislation that loosened lending standards. This started a downhill spiral turned into a free for all in lending where almost anyone could get a mortgage. Homeownership was no longer a privilege, It was seen as a right. This ridiculous lending directly contributed to the great recession. As a knee jerk reaction the CFPB was created to reinstall the lending practices in place pre Clinton. The only problem is they are over regulating rather than balancing things out. 

The mantra at banks these days is about increasing 'fee-based income', not loans. That's where they make their bread and butter and that's why you are getting nickled and dimed to death for things that used to be free or cost very little.
sometimes the inverse stat is a representation of a better system overall. For example, if the occurrence of poor financial practices was lower, then the value that the consumer protection returned would be less, which would be preventative, better really for everyone.

the sheer value indicates a problem in that this occurs so often.
Drop in the ocean. Still feels like finance is there to screw everyone more than help.
Keep in mind the republicans have fought this tooth and nail since the beginning and continue to. This is why voting matters. Both parties are not the same. Thanks Obama and Warren. 
I hope everyone here realizes that the creation of the CFPB has cost consumers well over 10 billion in access to credit. In general over regulation in the mortgage industry kills the middle class access to credit. Of course some regulation is good, but with the market crash this was a huge over correction which has disallowed many middle class families the ability to buy a home. If you ever complain about how difficult it is to get a home or business loan you can thank the CFPB directly. Speaking from vast experience with actual CFPB regulators they are very much out of touch with what is best for consumers
For two years out of college, I worked on the corporate side of a financial services company whose activities are regulated by the CFPB. The experience was great, and the company was reputable enough, but I admit I didn't enjoy working for them. Externally, the company was happy to work with the CFPB on addressing complaints from debtors, but internally the CFPB was viewed as a giant pain in the ass. The more they hated it, the more I enjoyed the idea of having the new agency around. Some time after I left, in fact, the company I worked for was fined millions of dollars for misleading business practices. More or less justified my feelings entirely that it wasn't the place for me.

From time to time, I would travel to DC to participate in industry-wide lobby days on Capitol Hill, which meant having to listen to middle-aged guys in suits talk about how the CFPB was going to "**bring an end to our industry as we know it**," and wondering "**if Elizabeth Warren's constituents on the outskirts of Moscow understand what she's doing to us with this.**" Every time the CFPB has taken action against companies wrongfully collecting on debts or charging over-the-top fees, I think of those folks and how desperate they are to keep their activities removed from government oversight. In the end, my feelings are that some of these business are important, such as debt collectors, since they are part of the credit cycle that forms the backbone of our economy. In addition, if people just opened lines of credit, maxed them out and never paid them, businesses in general would never survive. However, there is a right and wrong way to go about this process, and the CFPB's actions are ensuring that debtors, for example, are protected against bully tactics from profit-driven machines such as debt buyers.
Cool, now protect the unwitting Americans paying an average of 1.3 percent on their mutual funds, amounting to 30% of their gains over 30 years, to Wall Street, more than 50% of their gains over a 50 year period. Give Americans a compound interest calculator. Greatest robbery of our time, our retirement. 
tony 
I wish, in Canada if something like this happens the government fines them and keeps the money, then they raise the price of shit to cover fines. All we do is get fucked constantly as consumers. 
Only 17 million in five years? 
Anyone know of a Canadian company like this? 
I work at one of the largest mortgage servicers in the US and deal specifically with loan modifications.  AMA
# DO YOU HAVE UNCLAIMED PPI???
Yeah we got one of these in Australia too. If you think you're getting ripped off, give them a call. 
My comment had nothing to do with CDS or Wall St. I wasn't arguing the source of the downturn. Rather that the result created something that is so restrictive that in the end it hurts consumers  (especially young ones) more than it may be helping. As I said, some regulation is good but this over correction is part of the reason the economy has largely been stalled over the past 5 years.
 Really that you guys never had this customer protection services? 

The first one opened in my country was in 1983(Brazil)
Doesn't surprise me in the slightest. I worked for American Express for 2 years and about halfway through my tenure there CFPB become a huge thing we were having to deal with. It was very good for the clients we had. In some ways it made things much more simple for card holders, but some knew enough about the CFPB on how to get about any amount of money they wanted back from our program. Pros and Cons.
Thanks, Obama.
Now you know how great Socialism feels
Yanks. BUT WAIT THERE IS MORE
So of course the republicans NEED to gut it
Predatory lending laws also can hurt poor people. 

My brother couldn't get a mortgage for $30,000 because of these laws. The fees end up being to high percentage wise for the loan amount and the banks won't do it. 

He is aware of what the fees are and he can't make the decision to pay them. So he is stuck paying rent that is roughly 50% higher per month than his mortgage would had been. 

Note: I owned the condo and I wanted to sell it to him (I needed the cash, and he wanted to buy it), since I couldn't, I had to sell to an investor who has already raised his rent. Uurgh. 
And the only people fighting against the CFPB are those who had to give back that $10.1 billion they stole or who would like to be able to steal from naive consumers with impunity.

FUCK YOU, THIEVES!
I guarantee you this has cost clients of banks more than has been returned. 
So many uneducated people on this topic. All that the cfpb has done is effectively cause more people more money by themselves being deceptive in what they consider disparate discrimination by trying to institute a blanket "x%" to similar individuals.

It all sounds great at the start but that blanket rates are considerably higher than what most people would pay. Whether you are well qualified or are a really good negotiator, your rate would be the same as some the exact opposite thus charging you more interest.

I'm all for transparency with banks and interest rates but the cfpb themselves has not been transparent in their criteria for what they consider unjust. Repeated attempts by republican representatives urging the cfpb to real ease these metrics have not been met. 

Maybe they have saved a few people this money but they have cost the average person considerably more. 
So I live in Maryland and theyve been showing ads recently saying how theyre bad and they reject loans and other things like that. Whats the negative to the CFPB?
I am guessing most of this was from payday loan companies?
Is any of that shit from car rental companies? They try to swindle me every god damn time. Reserve one thing, oh it's out, sure I'm fine with that instead, the fuck is this upgrade fee that just doubled my rental cost.
And yet the republicans are screaming about, insisting its a soviet politburo refusing loans to people in need
Yet still falls embarrassingly short of what should be done. And by embarrassingly I mean laughably, miserably, horribly and in basically all ways well short of what should be done.
Financial institutions hate this one weird agency!
Thank you Elizabeth Warren!!!
The CFPB being the baby of none other than the most important figure in the American Congress in decades, the living American Hero Senator Elizabeth Warren. 
They also discriminate against their own employees:

http://www.housingwire.com/articles/34309-cfpb-employees-workplace-discrimination-getting-worse-leadership-absent

Not to mention their methods of determining whether customers have been discriminated against are suspect to say the least. 


And Congress is trying to defund and dismantle it.
Do "deceptive financial practices" include predatory student loans? 
Yeah but 7.2 billion of that 10 billion was given back by one of the widows from the Ponzi scheme.


 http://www.law360.com/articles/216054/picower-widow-to-give-back-7-2b-in-madoff-profits
Thank you Senator Warren!
And to think, many in western politics call Elizabeth Warren a "communist" for this...
[deleted]
Fox News: Obama's government steals $10.1 billion from businesses to give it to 17.1 million leaches. 
Adjustable college loans?
[deleted]
Think I should report the IRS?
do they help bad investments sold to uneducated people?  people who were naive of what they were buying and getting into?

thank you for your time and your responses in advance.
And the repubs can't wait to get rid of it.  They never met a consumer protection they didn't hate. 
Which is exactly why Navient sponsored an ad against the CFPB during the GOP debate and Carly Fiorina lied to say that the CFPB is going through millions of YOUR credit reports to find fraud.
/r/hailcorporate
I work for a small company offering a legitimate service that helps people pay off their mortgages faster by breaking their monthly payment down into more manageable pieces and then we advocate for them to their lender to make sure that the loan is being paid properly. We offer a free audit for all of our customers to make sure the lender is on point. Yet, the CFPB is coming after us, why? The director, Richard Cordray, was the Attorney General in Ohio before the CFPB was established, and while in this office, targeted my company. We complied with each and every demand and made many changes to how we sell our program. But now, we are being attacked again and we offer a legitimate service to Hundred of Thousands of people nationwide. Those people will be forced to have to pay thousands of dollars in interest on their mortgages if we are forced to close by the CFPB, not to mention us loosing OUR jobs. Www.saveNBA.org www.stopCFPB.com 
Give it to me from a site that doesn't blow smoke up the Democrat's butts and I'll believe it.
I think a lot about the victims of financial fraud. I am addicted to watching American Greed and I cannot imagine the courage these people have to talk about their experience. Its heartbreaking having your life savings wiped away and being spent on another guy's luxurious life. 
I'll fight tooth and nail over $10. It's not the money, its the principle. If you contacted the bank already and they haven't fixed it id totally call the CPB.
Does it also jail the people who stole that $10.1 billion?

This is kinda like telling robbers to give back half of what they steal, as their punishment.
This, of course, is why the Republican Party wants to shut the CFPB down.

&gt;  Legislation to eliminate the CFPB has been introduced in the House and Senate in every Congress since the agency was created in 2011. 

http://www.dpcc.senate.gov/?p=blog&amp;id=447
Socialism! Whatever happened to the free markets?
Yet many of the Republican candidates for president openly campaign to abolish this institution.
Thanks Obama.
Should tell these guys about all the taxes I pay!
And I've received exactly.....nothing. 
Guess you're SOL though if you were fucked over by a financial institution before this Bureau was formed? 
Wouldn't be a problem if we didn't have such a shit economic system.
If you haven't heard about the bi-weekly mortgage payment scam, it's time to look it up.
Thanks, Obama!
How much did it cost taxpayers to run the CPB as it was performing its noble duties?
That is less than $600 per consumer helped.  How much did it cost to help them?  What is there total budget to provide this relief?  How much was each consumer aggrieved?  Were they damaged hundreds or thousands of dollars?

I can tell you this.  The CFPB now oversees the biggest change to the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act in years.  RESPA now has TRID which has great intentions but is extremely costly to implement.  The only one who pays for this is the consumer.  I'm a lawyer who represents people in real estate transactions.
**ha**
And yet the criminals are still getting away with murder....
Capitalism works!
How evil! They must be stopped!
Anyone else think this should be in /r/hailgovernment?
Next election day stay home, don't vote. Let's put more Republicans in office so we can close this useless branch of government. /S
This goes against my view that government can't help so I am going to ignore it.
&gt; It inaccurately reported payments, charged borrowers unauthorized fees, and provided misleading information when customers complained.

We already have laws for this, starting with breach of contract, fraud, etc.

&gt;which requires lenders to verify whether a borrower can pay back a mortgage before getting one. 

So the government doesn't want banks to lose money by giving out bad loans, really?

&gt; Payday loans create debt traps for low-income borrowers through high interest rates and unaffordable loan terms

 If I can't qualify for a 10% interest loan, I am prohibited from getting a 50% loan? What if I need the money? How am I supposed to build credit if I can't get a loan?

&gt; Without the CFPB, financial products could once again trap families in crushing debt, exorbitant fees, or the inability to pay back predatory loans, which could send the economy into a new tailspin. 

Another bureaucracy which will do nothing. Remember how the SEC caught Madoff before he pulled the biggest ponzi scheme in history? Neither do I. 

Meow 
Just a drop in the bucket, unfortunately.
They need to tackle Comcast 
But all that money belongs to the bankers! Give it back!
Bank of America charges me $12 a month to have my checkings account. Does this seem right?
Elizabeth Warren is our only hope!

But the debate on Tuesday told me this is a terrible organization that needs to be disbanded.
These guys could help with people suffering from Overkill Software's toxic money milking practices being used in their game Payday 2, which a huge part of the community is really pissed about. 

For those who don't know, Overkill Software is part of Starbreeze Studios, a game developer. They're currently developing 4 games (Overkill's The Walking Dead, Storm, Payday : Mobile, Raid: World War II,) and a VR headset (Project StarVR), all while having only 2 games out to fund their in-development projects - and those games are Payday 2 and Brothers : A Tale Of Two Sons (this game is barely selling at this point).

Why I'm saying that Overkill Software is using toxic money milking practices, is because of a couple recent things. First of all, 3/4ths of the game's content is locked behind DLC - weapons, weapon mods, heists (other poeple who own the DLC can host those heists and the ones without the DLC can join and play), masks and so on (a total of 27 DLC, for a total of 110.73 euro). So, in order to get the full experience, you have to pay 130.73 euro - that's 2 AAA games with 10 euro left. And recently, on top of that were added microtransactions in the form of drills and safes (similar to CS:GO's key and case system). After each heist, every heister receives a card drop which can contain a weapon mod, mask material/pattern/color, xp boost, a small amount of money, a safe or a drill (the chance is roughly 0.012% for it, so I feel like I shouldn't even list it...). Each safe requires 1 drill to open it, then both are gone and you get a weapon skin (skins can have 5 conditions, from Well-Used to Mint-Condition, as well as stat boosts - more ammo, more damage, more accuracy, more recoil and so on). Many have accused these skins of being Pay to Win (me supporting this claim), because before the introduction of skins most of the weapon stats were changed, and many weapons require like +4 accuracy, or +2 damage to reach certain breakpoints, all of which can be provided by the stat-boosting skins. Players that don't pay for the skins are at a huge disadvantage, because the difference between 38 damage (which most guns are stuck on) and 40 damage is huge (at 40 damage, the most common enemy, Medium Force Responders, die from a single bullet to the head, meaning people with 38 damage need 2, and that's a 100% combat effectiveness boost). 

A huge amount of players were not pleased with this change (84%, as shown by this poll http://strawpoll.me/5742975/r), and many demanded that the update was reversed and that Overkill software would talk to the players about finding a compromise, but the developers completely ignored the community and even shared their plans of increasing the scope of the microtransaction problem (armor skins were leaked, thankfully haven't been added. YET.). Overkill software said that they were not making enough money, but as their leaked financial quarter report shows, their income has increased substantially from the last quarter and they're going a million+ euro in the positive, after all expenses being covered, which is a sheer lie. Almir Listo, the face of Overkill software, did an AMA and a live interview to discuss this hot topic, but simply ignored all constructive critizim, all suggestions, and replied with something along the lines of "The system is making money, so we're gonna keep it and we hope the parts of the community that are resisting this change will start appreciating it." The backlash after all of this was humongous, and it even increased after people found out that Overkill software made a deal with Valve so that they would deny most of the refund requests, regardless of reason.

I have a lot more info and there's SO much more to this entire Overkill software-related problem list, but I don't have much more time. I may expand on it later on, but for now I'm going to leave this video here, as it explains about 40% of Overkill software's shady greed-fueled decisions - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lf0DvM0szis.
We appreciate it, but thankfully we won't be needing your services so often in the future..
I have a gymnast friend who does coaching for gymnastics, but refuses to coach cheerleading. He says that they push skills on them super quickly without any of the prerequisite skills they need to do them safely. He said they get away with it by the coaches being really attentive spotters in practice. Of course, that doesn't work when they're actually cheering and their coach isn't there to spot them.
[I believe it.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/0a/8e/21/0a8e217b645179cf5d15c1b2890180ea.gif)
Isn't it legally not considered a sport, and that's how they can legally get away with not having super stringent safety regulations?
I was a cheerleader in high school and believe this. I remember one competition we were at that another team did a basket toss (threw a girl high up in the air) and she came down on her head. She was able to sit up, but they stretchered her out of there. We all had a lot of injuries though, but that was one of the worst that I remember seeing. 
Can anyone explain why cheerleading in high school or college involves these crazy pyramids and flying through the air. Yet NFL cheerleading is just dancing and looking good. I've never seen NFL cheerleaders do the dangerous stuff. Maybe liability reasons -- NFL lawyers know it is too dangerous? 
The problem seems to be that cheerleading isnt considered a sport by law, and therefore they are denied the same ~~access~~ *guarantees* to equipment and protection as other athletes.

&gt; But is cheerleading really a “sport”? Depends who you ask.

&gt;Legally, it’s not. The Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in 2012 upheld a previous ruling that cheerleading did not meet the requirements to be considered a sport under Title IX, the 1972 federal law that requires equal opportunity for males and females in athletics.

[NerdWallet article](https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/health/2014/06/19/cheerleading-football-dangerous-sports/)

Cheerleaders are ~~denied~~ *not equally afforded the same* defined spaces and safety equipment for practice because it technically isnt sportsy enough for the Courts. And Practice is where most injuries occur.

&gt;Cheerleading is different from every other high school sport (for which there is injury-tracking data) in one critical way: More cheerleaders are getting injured during practice than in competition. And that’s why cheerleading’s official designation as a sport could go a long way toward reducing the number of injuries that make it risky.

&gt;Here's [Dawn Comstock, a professor at the Colorado School of Public Health in Denver, runs High School RIO, a national database that has monitored 20 high school sports since 2005]'s theory on why the injury rate is higher during practice: If cheerleading isn’t officially designated as a sport at a school, there are better odds that the team isn’t practicing on athletic mats and instead setting up in, say, a parking lot or school cafeteria. 
  
&gt;In competition, however, the students are likely to be on proper mats and therefore less likely to be at risk for getting a concussion. The reports fromthe 2011 catastrophic injury study at UNC seem to back this up; a high number of the injuries seem to occur both during practice and also as a result of contact with a hard surface.

&gt;When we delve into the data more closely, we can actually find out where practice-related concussions are occurring,” Comstock said. “With cheerleading, they’re occurring all over the place. They’re occurring on asphalt, on grass, on tile. And if you think about it, if cheerleading isn’t considered a sport, [it] may not be afforded the same resources — even for practice — as other sports.”

&gt;What does that mean? “Recognizing cheerleading as a sport may actually make the sport safer because they should then be given a designated space to practice,” Comstock said. Official sport status means that money, equipment and resources come from schools, not necessarily from the cheerleaders themselves or alternative sources.

[ESPN fivethirteight article](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/cheerleading-safety-high-school-sports/)

I demand that cheerleaders be given those blue foldy foam mats! Also, I'm open to the idea of some gymnastic prerequisite to being a flygirl. That shit is dangerous.

["Add" removed because it was hyperbolic]

It's ridiculous what they do. Throws and flips like that over a hard gym floor? Or grass? WTF? You never see gymnasts doing stuff like that without mats, and they are probably much better trained to do it, AND they aren't depending on someone else to catch them. 
Cheerleading is strange when you think about it... and I realized I have no idea why it's done or when it started So... one wikipedia search later...

*unorganized Cheerleading got its start after the revoltuionary war as a student revolt against the professors

*Organized cheerleading started as an all male activity

*The first cheerleader's name was Johnny Campbell in 1898 but can be traced all the way back to the Princeton Cheer "Hurrah! Hurrah! Hurrah! Tiger! S-s-s-t! Boom! A-h-h-h!" in 1877

*Women were allowed to be cheerleaders in the 1920's but women dominated cheerleading didn't become a thing until WW2

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheerleading
Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion
well duhh it involves sending them flying 10 feet in the air with frilly arms to catch them

[edit] wtf 1000+ upvotes haha guess im famous now

[edit2] 2000+ yall are too kind
Someone's been watching leverage.
I have no idea how that is true after seeing my sisters go through Water Polo. One dirty sport, that one. 
Cheerleading can be tough when a school really gets into it.  It's like gymnastics on wood.
This doesn't surprise me. Cheered for many a year and saw many injuries. Glad I was never one of em. 
I was a male cheerleader for my high school's competition squad.  I played football all through high school and college but I got hurt as often if not more often in those two months as I did while playing football.  Sprained ankle and wrist, elbows to the face, and a broken nose.  

Catching a girl who just flew 20 feet in the air seems easy until someone throws harder or pushes her off her mark.  Then you do anything you can to make sure she doesn't hit the mat.. Even if that means sacrificing yourself.
I fractured my spine cheerleading. A girl on my team broke her ankle at warm ups. Still competed. Another threw up in her vest on the mat so she could finish the routine. Cheerleaders are dedicated you can at least say that
When I was in high school 40 years ago, cheerleaders were not athletes.  They did cartwheels and high kicks, but nothing weird.  It has developed into a competitive sport.  In pro sports, most cheerleaders don't do pyramids.  It is mainly college sports where that is done.
There was a really good episode of Penn &amp; Teller's Bullshit! on this.

I also wonder how many color guard members get catastrophic injuries.  I did marching band for three years and there was one season where every single person got injured at least once.
As a guy that ended up cheering as a senior in high school (started as a joke between a few seniors that played football but we all ended up loving it) that shit is rough. I've saw girls that I've thrown in a basket freak out mid air and take a 15 foot fall to the mat. It's really no joke. A girl I knew broke her tibia, tore her MCL and ACL all in one while cheering. I've played football, soccer, basketball and cheerleading was probably the hardest one to do out of all of these. Being a base and having to throw a 120 pound girl above your head and shoulder press her up, all while trying to keep your balance and hers is pretty hard in itself. 

And tumbling? Holy fuck that stuff is intense. Although it was easier for me because I was already athletic. All I could do was a "standing tuck" which is pretty much a fancy term for back flip. While there are some girls that do something called a "full" in which they just take off running and spin there bodies 360 degrees as they do a backflip it. It's impressive. After doing it for just a year I learned that, that shit ain't as easy as it looks.
&gt;Catastrophic

I keep picturing an exploding cheerleader.
My wife did cheerleading and played rugby. I'll give you one guess which tore her ACL.
Having watched the girls on my team, this month only, I can agree. Our captain got a concussion basing a pyramid rewind, one of our all girl flyers has a pretty nifty knee injury from connecting her knee with our captains head in the same rewind stunt, our captain also broke her foot doing God knows what at practice, one girl was working on her tuck and didn't turn hard enough and broke her hand, two girls collided doing tumbling passes and took each other out of practice for the week, two other girls both landed on their faces working on tumbling passes at practice, and one of our coed flyers bit through her bottom lip. All pretty big injuries but the only girl who didn't practice today was our concussed/crippled captain.

Tl:Dr Cheer is more dangerous than wrestling.

Source: am a high school varsity Male Cheerleader going through competition prep and a former high school varsity wrestler (started wrestling at age 5 ended at age 13 (we were allowed to wrestle for the high schools starting in 7th grade. I coach called me a natural. I hated wrestling.)).
Penn &amp; Teller did a whole Bullshit on this
I've always said that, if I have kids, they will never cheer or play football. Too many injuries. 
Probably cuz cheerleading is fucking brutal. 
Catastrophic injuries are a very specific type of injury (brain and spine). I think the stats would look very different if other serious injuries were also considered. 
I used to cheer in high school and injuries were a common thing. I was a flyer (person that gets tossed in the air) and once came down on top of another girls head in a basket toss and sprained her neck. Another  time one of the girls fell and landed on her head and got knocked out when we were trying a complicated pyramid. We would always joke about how we sustained more injuries than the football players. 
There's a very new sport called STUNT. There's at least 20 Universities that compete. Basically, it's all the dangerous shit about cheerleading with none of the cute. It's totally regulated. I think this has been one of the first real attempts to make it safer.
Can confirm. Former competitive cheerleader of 4 years plus one year of high school cheer. Sprained both ankles(at different times) and fractured an ankle. My fracture happened right before we went on stage and I had to power through it. Competitive cheer is no joke. They push you beyond your limits and have no mercy. 
My girlfriend was dropped and broker her back, sprained her neck, and got a traumatic brain injury. She has been on opiate pain killers for 2 years, and there isn't an end in sight. I will never let my children be cheerleaders.
Definitely a dangerous sport. I fractured a vertebrae getting landed on and also dislocated my knee while tumbling. Form isn't as important as actually completing the skill. For example, in my experience, as long as you can get all the way around and land on your feet during a back tuck, staying tight and having good form isn't very important, unlike gymnasts.
I'm a cheer coach. Although there is no way around the risk while doing stunts, or tumbling (even with proper technique it will always be there) I think that the reason the injury rate is so high is because not enough coaches actually know what they're doing, not enough schools recognize cheer as a sport and therefore don't hire good coaches, and too many coaches think they're better than they are and push their athletes to do things they are not ready for.
As a former cheerleader, I'm not surprised by this at all. Cheerleading isn't as well regulated as other athletics (per Title IX issues), so basically any idiot can coach. One year at states, I saw a girl base after breaking her ankle during a last-minute warm-up. The coach made the EMTs wait until the routine was over before letting them get her on a stretcher. I'm just glad I only damaged one of my tendons before I dropped that shit. So much for mom wanting me to participate in school activities.
The theory, also suggested in Penn &amp; Teller's "Bullshit" episode on cheerleading, is that the feminists who supported Title 9 didn't think much of cheerleading, because it represented women relegated to cheering for the boys, precisely the kind of thing they were against. Thus, cheerleading was not given protections that are afforded to every other sport.

You could argue that cheerleading has definitely changed from what it used to be back then, but still it's an interesting thought about how seeming moral righteousness can ultimately cause tremendous suffering. 
Penn &amp; Teller covered this on Bullshit years ago.
I would have thought gymnastics would be a close 2nd.
I wonder what the statistics are, regarding highschool vs college vs professionals.

And also how many injuries occur in Coed as compared to All girl teams. 
Ban pyramids?
That's because cheerleading isn't classified as a sport so isn't regulated
BRING IT ON!
Interesting, I was under the impression cheerleaders was not allowed to be considered a sport under title IX
But it is not classified a sport which fucks over a lot of cheerleaders in several ways, most of which i dont remember.
There are ones that cheer the games and there are those that "compete". 
TIL cheerleaders are hard as fuck..
Does nobody watch penn and tellers bullshit!?
How does this hold up into college cheer leading? It seems like colleges always have a bunch of male cheerleaders around for extra strength and spotting.
I bet the rest is from soccer players 
Have you seen the shit they do? I'm not surprised
heard a story on NPR about this a long time ago. One of the thing mentioned was that back in the day the feminist movement hated the idea of cheerleading so much that it was taken away as an activity that had any of the protections of the sports programs a school system had. They fall into this area of do this at your own risk, just like the chess club. The big difference is that it is truly a dangerous activity that should involve training and supervision. There are two ways to deal with this, get rid of it or change the attitude you have about it and give these girls the proper tools to keep them safe.
"Cheer" apparently isn'the considered a sport by most schools, which creates these 2 situations: a) almost all cheer competitions are sponsored by the same top-level company that sells most cheer equipment/footwear/uniforms/instructional videos and promotes/sponsors most competitions, which essentially creates a money-funnel ro them, and b) frees most schools from having to insure cheerleaders against the injuries that other school-sponsored sports are covered against. Since cheering is sold as an accessory to the "real" sports for it'so a big fundraiser for schools without the liability every other sport has.
That's because it's not a sport. 

And I don't mean that in a derogatory way. It's not treated like a sport. It doesn't have the regulations or oversight every other major sport has. It has the dangerous physicality of a contact sport like football yet it's treated like dance. 
tossing someone 12 feet in the air is pretty dangerous 
I learned this when my sister broke her back...
Does nobody watch penn and tellers bullshit!?
As a father of a current senior and varsity cheerleader I can attest that this it true. Shes had shoulder surgery, muscle and tendon tears and numerous strains and bruises. It's also not considered a sport, so not school funded at all, yet expected to attend every game and all events....
One reason why my daughter will be banned from cheerleading. It's more dangerous than any of the sports they are cheering for.
YouTube search "Twinkles Chasing Perfection". 8 year olds doing things in pro cheer that college cheerleaders can't even do. Whoa.
And for 100% of the movies
All this danger for a non sport people don't care about that doesn't have a chance to lead to a professional version. Why?
But cheerleading isn't a sport... /s
Not a surprise. Looks dangerous as hell.
Probably cuz cheerleading is fucking brutal. 
The girls are often gymnasts.  So, it's basically team-gymnastics in skirts, on wood floors or grass.  

They look good though, until ...splat.  Then it's often hospital, traction etc.
This thread is like leverage season 5 episode 5 
http://www.gfycat.com/BronzeCreepyGrub
Ballet is a lot more brutal than it's image too.
Well, common sense tells me that perhaps we as humans weren't meant to be launched fifteen feet in the air over a hard surface.  I mean, just a thought.
You mean the "sport" where girls throw other girls 15 feet in the air and catch them causes more injuries than swim team and volleyball?  Astounding.  
Can't confirm the number but agree the nu Ber of injuries is extremely high in cheerleading.  My daughter was Captain of her Varsity squad and ended the season two concussions which she still feels affects.   She was a flier, there is nothing terrifying than seeing your daughter getting thrown 15' into the air with the expectation that a few 17 year olds will catch her.  
Since cheerleading is not considered a "sport" it is less regulated and receives very little resources from the schools. I was a cheerleader in high school and while I don't think cheering at a football game is a sport, there is no way that one can argue that competitive cheerleading is not a sport. 

Another problem is coaches pushing the girls to do tumbling and stunts that they aren't ready for/don't feel comfortable doing yet. In most high schools, a back handspring is necessary to make the varsity squad. A lot of girls will just barely learn it with bad technique to get on varsity and then hurt themselves when they have to do one at a football game on the track. But coaches try to get as many girls with back handsprings as possible for tumbling points in competitions. This also applies to stunts (when the girls are lifted up) because the harder stunts get you more points at competitions. 

A lot of the girls are minimally fit. On my team we never had to do running or anything so we would be exhausted after running out full competition routine 5 times at practice. At competition some girls would throw up after the routine at a competition just from exhaustion. Being that tired and trying to catch people is not a good combination. As long as you hit all the stunts and got the points, that's all that mattered. 

Some injuries I can think of from my high school cheering years: broken nose (me), concussions, lots of sprained wrists and knees, torn hamstrings, broken wrists, black eyes (another girl got one but it was my fault I felt so bad), etc. Luckily no one had serious or fatal injuries when I was cheering. 
Penn and Teller's Bullshit did a fantastic episode on this subject. Can't find a link to it but it'll be around the usual streaming sites. Great, hilarious show. Also NSFW.
Because most states don't classify it as a sport, and therefore don't regulate it under the same system that regulates other school athletics. 

Not only does this mean trying to teach risky maneuvers too soon, it means fewer school resources when an injury does occur. 


It's not a sport?? 

Yeah riiiiiight!
And Basketball is a non-contact sport!!

When I was in school in the 1970s, that WAS what the rules said!!

Penn &amp; Teller: Bullshit! did an [episode on cheerleading](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0teHPs0lMjM&amp;hd=1), injuries, the monopoly on competitions, etc.
I am the dad of two daughters who got involved in "all-star cheer" when they were very young by their mom who thought it was "cute". I quickly learned that "cute" suddenly morphed into "sexy" with pre-teen girls wearing heavy make-up and being dressed in skimpy uniforms (which were several hundred dollars a piece) while bizarre, middle-aged moms screamed "That's right girl! Work it! Oh yeah, shake it! You're so hot!" like some freaky cadre at a pedophile's strip club. The business of all-star cheerleading was booming and entirely based on pushing the girls to do more and more stunts to "advance" to a "better team" which not only got a lot of the girls seriously injured in the process, it cost a lot! (The "better team" cost more and you had to pay extra for the "private tumbling lessons" needed to have somebody teach your kid those extra moves of course) My experience with the culture of cheerleading was definitely not a positive one but I don't think it was unique and I think it has gotten worse and not better. The girls are more sexualized than ever before and they are pushed harder to do more dangerous stunts than ever before. If you've never been involved in all-star cheer, none of this will make sense but the best way I can describe all-star cheerleading is some sort of horrible hybrid between a child-pageant, sexy dancing and gymnastics combined with extremely expensive trips to far-away competitions.
 And like 80% of the Budget

Still not a sport.
Three percent?   Seems an awfully high number for not being a sport. 
I'm sure of cheerleaders the actual subset that does dangerous stuff is even smaller. 
Was cheerleader for 6 years. Can confirm.
Because they're fucking nuts. Never met a cheerleader who wasn't a bit of a freak. Source: I married one. 
Well, what other "sport" involves the risk of plummeting 10-15 feet to the ground
Time to ban cheerleading. And all sports. And any physical activity.
It's because cheerleading isn't classified as a sport so doesn't have regulations and rules in place to protect young women from harm. It's been intentionally left out by old school feminists who refuse to admit it's a sport because it's just a bunch of girls in short skirts and pretty make up, and the owners of sporting apparel that service cheerleading as governmental regulation would break their monopoly on the system. That's democracy for you
Well when you throw someone up into the air, landing is going to be pretty rough. 
Any similar statistics for football?
So what does that mean? Are they hardcore or do they suck?
Is this true as far as numbers?  So there are 300 female high school athletes in a school and 291 are in other sports and 9 are in cheerleading?  And this is a nation wide percentage?  That does not sound possible.
As a former male cheerleader, it has to deal a lot more with insecurity rather than frilly arms. 
But...but...football is evil. 
Duh
Shit happens.  Do we really want to remove cheerleading programs?
I have some experience with this. I coach my share of gymnastics and tumbling, and cheerleaders pretend they're top-tier tumblers when most cheer squads require the most basic, jankiest tumbling skills to make it on the team and tumble at a game or performance. 

Most of the girls I teach backhandsprings should never, ever be doing them somewhere without pads, supervision, and a professional spot. And yet as soon as they make try-outs they stop coming to (actual gymnastics) practice.
When I was in HS we had cheerleaders that had to miss school because they were dropped on their heads.
It is a very violent sport, this is to be expected. 
I was the "flyer" in my cheerleading group... a set of twins were my "bases"... i accidentally kicked them right in their braces'ed mouths... fucking blood sport
Which is rather hilarious because I imagine Football Injury to % involved is way way higher.
what was that about ancient Germanic or some time period, Germanic families would come to support their dads/husbands on the sidelines of a battlefield? I don't know where I heard that but it sounds a lot like the pagan origin of cheerleading...
This is why my wife's back is very f'ed up =/
Well yea, it involves dangerous flips n shit

that's about the same as saying "people only spend a small percentage of their life in swimming pools/the ocean, yet 99% of drownings occur in a swimming pool or the ocean"
The key word here being "catastrophic injuries", given the exercises they do the accidents they have are bound to be serious.
Duh. According to this one documentary, they have to fight blue skinned villains all the time.
flips n' shit.. right?
There are only 2.9 mil female athletes? Something doesn't female up.
my school must have just been really lame. All they did was come out and dance then go away. I just assumed cheerleading was on the way out. I mean you don't see professional NFL team cheerleaders throwing each other in the air or doing anything but just standing there and cheering
Did not realize it was that dangerous. That's the side you never see
I was a cheerleader in college. This girl and I were practicing ball up stretches. She jumps, pulls her legs into her chest (like a ball) then puts one leg down to my hands, and one up above her head. 

This time did not go so well. She put her leg down behind my shoulder, so there was no way for me to catch it. My shoulder acted like a fulcrum and sent her flying to the ground flat on her face. I'm over 6' tall so she dropped from at least 8ft. Sorry Sophie...
Interesting

In my experience, most of these injuries are torn ACL's, blown knees, dislocated shoulders,etc... Mostly from tumbling, not being thrown 10 ft up in the air. Any coach who puts girls in a flying position without the proper training or experienced bases is just a shitty coach. 
It's the most dangerous sport
its because cheerleading isn't offically considered a "sport" thus doesn't come under the same scrutiny for safety.

We should replace all cheerleading with giant video screens and animatronics to do all of the cheering. But those cheerleader chicks are so hot, so they should just do porn.

Hey /u/geschichte1,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
/u/trollabot Kittenswithwhiskers
I'm not surprised. Between tumbling and stunting, there's a lot of danger in cheerleading. Watched a girl coming down kick out another girl's tooth in high school and I almost vomited. 
3 years of softball and other than some bruises, I saw one major injury (1st baseman fractured her cheekbone via ball to the face). 4 years of swim team, nobody drowned. 
Oh, in college a guy ripped his nipple ring out on a bad 3m dove landing thought!! Gross. 
Edit: nipple ring, not his actual nipple lol 
Looks like it's time to ban cheerleading.
Read DARE ME by Megan Abbot.

Just trust me on this.
The cheerleader they mention in wikipedia article that keeps cheering on the stretcher.   https://youtu.be/Ki4Lw7Iy09c
Anyone else get the feeling that 50 years from now people will wonder how odd it was that we had "cheer leaders"?
the 3% and 65% arent on the same scale and can't be compared to each other meaningfully
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3rp1sk?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Cheerleader Tackled](https://youtube.com/watch?v=AAUu251bj64)|[49](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3rp1sk/_/cwqbxwk?context=10#cwqbxwk) - DUDE That happened at my fucking high school!! It was the homecoming game and the girl that got hit was the princess that year.   I&amp;#39;ll find it...  found it 
[I like your sleeves...](https://youtube.com/watch?v=YI1W6uTJRNk)|[6](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3rp1sk/_/cwqbo0k?context=10#cwqbo0k) - Go out dancing? 
[Kristi Yamaoka Falls During Basketball Game](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ki4Lw7Iy09c)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3rp1sk/_/cwqdm4z?context=10#cwqdm4z) - The cheerleader they mention in wikipedia article that keeps cheering on the stretcher.    
[Fat kid lands b-twist NO EXCUSES](https://youtube.com/watch?v=vXv8Dk78r0k)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3rp1sk/_/cwqdeea?context=10#cwqdeea) - end of this 
[Cheerleaders---Ameri can Beauty](https://youtube.com/watch?v=4aWmwTQpZTw&amp;t=75s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3rp1sk/_/cwqcne6?context=10#cwqcne6) - Maybe. But this would be classier.  Edit: Fuck. They cut out the good bit! &amp;gt;_&amp;lt; (...but you get the idea...) 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
I think they do a lot of unsafe activities in the pursuit of glory and fame.

Human beings who fall from a height of 150 cm or more can seriously hurt themselves. Cheerleaders often are doing spins or kicks while falling down. There is no surprise that they are prone to more injuries than the general population.

If you just avoided the lifts and the stacks in cheering then i am willing to bet their health will improve
When we used to try and convince skeptical parents to let their kids try the new (to the age group and location in the US) sport of Rugby, we would shit on Competitive Cheer by citing the elevated rates of catastrophic injury compared to Rugby. 
In the 12th grade I lost my vcard to an 11th grade cheerleader.
That's because the cheerleaders drink.
I'm interested to hear the ping pong injury rate. It's almost like some sports are more dangerous than others?
Fountain of Troy is PROHIBIDABADO ... I said it in Spanish, how clearer could I be?
So between cheerleading and football, we're basically throwing our children into the grinder for the sake of sports.  

This makes certain parenting decisions easier.  
Where are the gifs of cheerleaders getting hurt?!
And to add insult to injury, aren't they considered non-athletes or some such, and they get screwed (heh) over for it in someway I'm not recalling, too?
Probably because they love doing the wobbly tower shit
Can confirm. Was cheerleader. Am dead. 
Penn and Teller have a great episode of Bullshit! on this subject.
I am a university male cheerleader. And yeah there is a lot of dangerous stuff that we throw the girls into, and if it goes wrong, which inevitably like all sports (sometimes you miss your pitch location in baseball and give up a homerun) it happens, except when it happens you have to catch a girl coming down from 20 feet in the air who usually is coming down face first. 

Thats just the girl in the air. Broken bones (especially noses) occur all the time from the people catching her. Being a man and stronger naturally definitely helps for safety because if something goes wrong I can catch the girl myself. But your average girl can't catch 100 lbs with one arm. Its dangerous, but like football you have to expect it can happen and be safe about it.
Penn and Teller did a really good Bullshit episode on competitive cheerleading. Gained a hell of a lot of respect for the competitors and lost all respect for the organizations.
All this for a creepy fetish. 
Just because you can get hurt doesn't make it a sport .... if this was the case then being mauled by a bear would be a sport 
Pretty sure it's because of those pompoms
I work at a pediatricians' office and right now is what we call "concussion season." Right now we have more people with concussions from cheerleading than any other sport/accident combined. That being said, the more serious concussions have not been from cheerleading. 
I learned this from the show Leverage.
Looks like someone else noticed that All Cheerleaders Die was on Netflix streaming. A similar stat gets quoted in the first five minutes.
Penn and Teller's Bullshit did an amazing episode about Cheerleading and the problems behind it first episode of season 8.  I'd post a link to the video, but I don't know what the rules are on posting daily motion links.
I guess they should start wearing pads.

It always takes four or five tries to convince people that cheerleading is the most deadly sport there is. When I make fun of performance wrestling, people always talk about how dangerous and difficult it is, and I agree...saying that it's almost as dangerous as cheerleading.
My girlfriend used to do cheerleading in high school, and I enjoyed watching her competitions. At least until she broke her ankle and her coaches forced her to go back on two months later with no physio. It seriously messed up her ankle and she may have to get some pretty extensive surgery pretty soon.

I know she loved it and would never take it back but I wish it wouldn't have caused her so much pain since then.
This is why the Fountain of Troy is prohibidato.  
Hardcore
My girlfriend was dropped and broker her back, sprained her neck, and got a traumatic brain injury. She has been on odiate pain killers for 2 years, and there isn't an end in sight. I will never let my children be cheerleaders.
One of my high school squad mates broke his collar bone. I wiped out on my surfboard the morning of an important competition. I got 12 stitches in my hand from the skeg. Is that still cheerleading related? 
Cheerleaders are the Crossfitters of high school.

They do it cause its the popular thing.
They do it stupidly, causing injuries.
There is only a handful that do it well. 
As I always say, BRING IT ON
Catastrophic? Just how many people get injured by cheerleaders daily?
Fucking fascinating. 
penn and teller bullshit on cheerleading was great
&gt;Another major cheerleading accident was the death of Lauren Chang. Chang died on April, 14 2008 after competing in a competition where her teammate had kicked her so hard in the chest that her lungs collapsed. [77]

Holy shit, I'm not sure how that happens in Cheerleading, but...wow.
TIL: cheerleaders have catastrophic injuries. 
Wow when did TIL become the new ESPN Twitter of cherry picked stats
Yeah, super high risk activity. Could be a fun paper to consider why certain males tend to take such high risk versus females in cheerleading. Could be emphasis on A type personality. Could be many things, but worth looking into. 
Makes sense. Cheerleading is probably the first or second most common sport in all schools, and is more prone to injury as an activity than other school sports.
What's the injury rate though? 1 in 100,000?
Now we just need to get to the bottom of how this is all mens' fault
Til cheerleading is stupid. 
Well yeah. What injury is a female basketball player going to get, hitting their head while falling asleep?
I wonder what percentage of those injuries occur in separate competitions when they aren't actually leading cheers... Probably almost all of them. 
That's cos they be throwin' bitches up man
I'm sure football mirrors similarly. Both just have a lot of people going nuts at once 
So what I take from this is females are more clumsy?
The thing about High School Cheerleading is that most of the girls are not trained by professional or even moderately trained cheerleaders to help avoid injury and proper form while growing up. Also, high school cheerleading squads will take pretty much any attractive girl and put them in a cute little skirt so that they get more attendance for the "real", important sport in high school, FOOTBALL. A lot of these girls are athletically retarded, at least they were in my school.
What defines a catastrophic injury?
so 97% of female athletes aren't playing hard enough?
ELI5: why is cheerleading a "rich kid" thing? I've known high school athletes from other sports (except maybe lacrosse) come from all sorts of backgrounds, but I've never met a cheerleader who didn't live in a huge mansion in the suburbs. It doesn't need expensive equipment and injuries don't deter poor kids from playing hockey or basketball, so what gives?
"catastrophic injuries" wtf
What's the stat on emotional injuries?
My high school JV drill team did a basket toss, one of the more dangerous moves listed, in one of their dance show routines. I had never seen one before and was shocked. They skipped it in rehearsals, almost threw that poor girl into the burning hot stage lights.
Its also not classed as a sport so the school doesn't need to provide proper safety equipment.
I don't understand how a sport that involves chucking people around left and right can cause so many injuries.
yeah, that leverage episode was just on :P
That's why they should join drill team.  Same function, but lower standards and less risk of being permanently crippled.
TIL cheerleaders are athletes
I fucking love the word catastrophic. 
Does unwanted pregnancy count as catastrophic injury? 
I don't feel that this is that surprising. Cheerleading is really difficult and requires a lot of strength, training, and coordination to do it properly. As much of a joke as it is to people, it actually requires quite a bit of skill and practice. Girls are flipping around, being thrown into the air, doing stunts. Of course there is potential for injury, which is why it's important to have a competent coach and to practice a ton. 
Sister's a cheerleader. Her medical bill can confirm.
A LOT of injuries come from unqualified people being head coaches of these school squads.  When you start trying to flip over, or stack people on top of each other, there is a certain way and there are certain places it should be done to minimize any chance of injury.  The high school basketball court is not a place for someone to be trying a basket toss or a back tuck for the first time.  That 50 year old English teacher that cheered for 2 years in junior high and hasn't exercised in who knows how long should not be teaching someone to tumble or stunt.
This is crazy. I went to high school in Nebraska and they had a no lifts rule. I never knew why. Now I live in Colorado. And my younger sister was on a poms team here. The rule here is you can't life someone above your shoulders or something. 
Is this my surprised face? No, I don't think it's my surprised face 
Penn and Teller: Bullshit did a really good episode on this topic, really recommend you track it down and watch it.
No shit? Wouldn't this be like saying "of all male high school athletes only 30% play football but it accounts for 90% of all head injuries" ignoring that the other 70% of kids are for the most part playing basketball, soccer and track?

Like I made those numbers up, but I bet it's something like that. I know that here in Australian school, Rugby accounts for a huge proportion of neck and shoulder injuries well beyond the rate at which it is played.
I thought with the rise of tumblr, instagram ect. that cheerleading would just die out by now
[Here's an excellent video demonstrating how Toyota did something similar to this after hurricane Sandy .](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EedMmMedj3M)

'Kaizen' focuses a lot on finding problems and solving them, and continuing to find more problems. If you have the time to spare, This American Life did an entire podcast on it by looking at a Toyota—GM partnership plant, which you can find [here](http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/561/nummi-2015).
At my previous job at a Dental Lab we were in the process of going through multiple Kaizens with the 5 S's and such and my God was it a hassle. Weeks and weeks of work but the results were actually pretty great. We went from getting products through the lab in 3 days minimum to no more than 1 day max thanks to this system. 
At first I'm like wow, amazing! Then reading the article...

The guy was running a system where 10 people had to leave, and then he'd let 10 people in. Instead of filling each chair as people left.

No fucking wonder people were waiting 90 minutes, idiot, why would you wait for ten people to leave while forcing people to stand outside??

I'm less impressed with Toyota's improvement than I am astounded with the basic idiocy of that
I had a business school professor once tell an anecdote about Japanese production team:



So a US company hires a Japanese company to produce a part for them. In the contract, the US company specifies that only 3 out of a 1000 can be defective...



When the US firm receives their first shipment, they open the box and find a note saying. "Here are your parts. We also separated the three defective parts for you," which were wrapped separately.



The gist being the US firm assumes errors in productivity, whereas the Japanese strive for perfection. Thus the Japanese were unfamiliar with even allowing defective parts to be sent in the first place...
Kaizens are great as long as the person who started it or is looking for the ideas actually takes criticism to heart. Often times I've seen it used to include like-minded people only in order to add legitimacy to your crazy stupid idea that dumbing things down to a toddler level increased efficiency. Over time it just becomes a thing to add visibility to certain people and their projects.
This is actually a huge donation on behalf of Toyota. I worked in a hospital system that had these guys come through, and the system as a whole had paid them millions to analyze their system and make us more efficient. 

Six sigma (ie: lean, kaizen, poke-yoke, andon cords) plays a huge role in super efficient systems by reducing wait and down times. A day for whoever showed up for Toyota was likely 10x more costly than any sum the company was going to donate, and they offered them methodology to help more people than any moderate chunk of change could have. 
In other words,  time &gt; money... in most cases. You can always earn back the money you give. You can't get your time back. 
Now if only Japan could learn to apply the principles of lean-manufacturing to their corporate world and stop wasting everyone's time in office-environments, everyone would be happy.
I think I accidentally applied this to my sex life
Toyota basically suggested that the soup kitchen run their operation like the famous Starbucks at the Shibuya crossing. One employee is dedicated to monitoring the empty seats and ushering customers to empty tables. All Starbucks in Japan are strict against freeloaders and non-customers using their tables without buying product, and is something I'd like to see implemented in the US as well.
These improvements may seem like "common sense" to the readers, but I am a specialist in Continual Process Improvement, and I can tell you that problems like these -- and much more simple and complex ones -- are ubiquitous in both production and (to a larger extent) in service processes. These issues are not typically baked into new processes, but they emerge and go unaddressed as processes and workplaces evolve over time. The negative impact of individual defects is usually seemingly insignificant, but over time, these issues compound each other, because baked into the process, and result in massive amounts of process waste.
Six Sigma green belts unite
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/27/nyregion/in-lieu-of-money-toyota-donates-efficiency-to-new-york-charity.html) reduced by 92%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; The unusual partnership between Toyota and the Food Bank, which one Food Bank coordinator compared to a cultural exchange program, highlights a different way for-profit businesses can help their communities, experts said.

&gt; At the Project Hospitality food pantry on Staten Island, which is part of the Food Bank network, Toyota engineers tried to expedite the pickup process.

&gt; An article on Saturday about Toyota&amp;#039;s offering its efficiency expertise to the Food Bank for New York City misspelled the given name of the general manager of the Toyota Production System Support Center.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3s9ezc/til_instead_of_donating_money_to_a_new_york_food/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~13350 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Food**^#1 **Toyota**^#2 **Bank**^#3 **people**^#4 **time**^#5

Post found in [/r/todayilearned](http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3s8yq0/til_instead_of_donating_money_to_a_new_york_food/), [/r/Divigations](http://np.reddit.com/r/Divigations/comments/279uvi/in_lieu_of_money_toyota_donates_efficiency_to_new/), [/r/UpliftingNews](http://np.reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/279uxk/in_lieu_of_money_toyota_donates_efficiency_to_new/), [/r/todayilearned](http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1rnopn/til_instead_of_offering_money_toyota_offered_to/), [/r/news](http://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/1jfvog/toyota_donates_engineers_to_food_bank_instead_of/), [/r/POLITIC](http://np.reddit.com/r/POLITIC/comments/1jfysx/toyota_donates_engineers_to_food_bank_instead_of/) and [/r/sysor](http://np.reddit.com/r/sysor/comments/1j92bg/in_lieu_of_money_toyota_donates_efficiency_to_new/).
This is why volunteering at charities is often so frustrating and time-wasting.  They are run by people who have no idea what they're doing and experience no market pressures to improve performance.
my husband works in manufacturing and they are trying to apply the toyota model to his facorty and they have kaizan events to implement efficiency in a factory full of good ole boys that have been doing it a certain way forever and bosses that just want it to happen without cracking the whip/getting rid of non compliant people. he's got a couple grey hairs that are his kaizan hairs. it makes sense on paper and in theory because its totally egalitarian but you have to get your workers to submit to a new system and thats the hard part
My old company employed the kaizen technique to improve outcomes and efficiency. There were no managers on the floor for most of that week, so we threw a lot of footballs and frisbees around. Back to business as usual afterwards, but it was a great stress reducer. I'd recommend it. 
I worked at a Toyota factory this summer. Kaizen is so central, they have Kaizen forms you can fill out explaining how to make a process more simply or efficient and you'll get paid for them depending on good they are with a base pay of $5 per form.
Volkswagen did the same but were caught lying about the salt content in the soup.
Kaizen won't work for shit if an employer doesn't give their staff the time to invest in the work required before hand. It's all well and good knowing that something isn't efficient, but it takes quite a bit of time and effort to come up with an alternative that will save time in the future.

Every job I've had in my current organisation has attempted to implement 'lean' and 'continuous improvement' but without any compromise on the BAU tasks, which already have people working 10+ hours of unpaid overtime each week.

When the BAU is constant fire fighting of one thing to the next, your staff do not have any will to try to improve things. They want to, but it's just physically impossible to do anything than just get by.

It's pretty fucking demotivating, and often results in burnout. If only senior managers actually understood this fundamental flaw before they spend millions on courses and internal posters.
W Edwards Deming taught Toyota how to do this because no one listened to him in America. 
LEAN and Six Sigma, two "silver bullets" companies use to try to fix everything.

LEAN works well for organizations where the process is heavily automated.  Companies implement LEAN without researching it, find they don't fit the program, and decide they'll try to automate to MAKE it work, discover that automating is incredibly expensive, decide they'll still keep driving forward with LEAN even though the human factor keeps it from working correctly, and wonder why efficiency falls off, while costs go up.

Six Sigma is P90X for the business world.  There's nothing new.  It's all basic guidelines most econ, and business majors get in their first few classes.  They've packaged it up, and sold it as something amazing and new.
I'm in the auto manufacturing industry. Our German company, for some reason, got on the Japanese bandwagon. They liked the discipline. Imagine trying to tell American workers that they can't talk to each other while they're working side by side for 12 hours. That sure didn't last long. Plus every company has a continuous improvement process. It was just trendy to call it kaizen. It's a flash word. We called it kaizen and did exactly the same process for improvement as we always did. The only thing changed was adding that word to the fucking endless system of charts and graphs we had everywhere. We had charts and graphs on how our charts and graphs were doing.
Lol. Toyota and LEAN manufacturing is touted as awesome in manufacturing/systems world. Until you realize as you are doing it,  left unchecked you get Karoshi...worked to death. 

Having seen it happen several places I've put it in place,  more people need to realize temperance needs to be applied to the changes.  The cultural idea LEAN teaches should be exemplified, not the quick results. 
I work for a Toyoda based company. Kaizen can cause problems sometimes cause they push the idea to improve even when things are fine. They start fucking around with perfectly functional processes/machines or whatever then make it worse.

Not always, it's good to keep the mentality of looking for problems and ways to improve, it's just constantly forcing "improvement" can do more harm than good
It also is a reward to park in front of the Toyota plant's parking lot if you get a Kaizen employee award. 
I work with a kaizen initiative in my workplace, and have taken part in two streams so far. I may not like some of the attitude around the "LEAN" culture, but damnit if it doesn't put things into perspective. Very informative projects.
Toyata is one of the sponsors of the non-profit I work for and they have done the same thing here. In addition to donating a fleet of trucks to support our operations they have also trained all of us in ways to reduce wait time and be more efficient. The white board system they set up in our office makes communication between departments very convenient and also hold every accountable. Its a great system. Thanks Toyota! 
Now, where would I turn to find a serious book that deals with the subejct of Kaizen???

TIA, gals and guys
I think if you have to make people wait 90 minutes to serve them soup-you need all the help you can get
Let's hope the food kitchen does a better job of institutionalizing Toyota's processes than General Motors did.
How awesome would it be if those were put in place at hospitals or the DMV.
&gt;Toyota offered ~~'kaizen'; a Japanese word meaning~~ "continuous improvement".

I just cut out an unnecessary 55% of your sentence, making the headline much more efficient.
Contribute how you can.
We had to watch this LEAN bullshit video 4 times at work. Fuck LEAN. it just means "layoffs."
/r/hailcorporate!!!
LEAN MANUFACTURING

JUST IN TIME

POKA YOKE

5S

ONE PIECE FLOW

KANBAN SUPERMARKET WATER SPIDER
soup sounds good
This is TQM Total Quality Management brought to Japan after WW II by America.
Which has since been perverted into meaning time wasting douchebaggery....
I worked for Dana Corp. in the past and they did Kaizen as well.
There is a story floating around about Toyota and Lotus and the use of 'Kaizen' in the '80 of the previous century..

It goes like this, Toyota wanted to build a small sportscar but had no relevant experience or knowledge about that. So they turned to Lotus for help. Lotus would help Toyota with their 'sportscar' (supposedly the AW11 MKI MR2 is the result of this) and Toyota would crank up quality control at Lotus with the help of 'Kaizen'. "Quid Pro Quo"

It was perceived that Toyota had at that time the best (for that time) quality control in their car manufacturing process.
Fuck the New York Times for requiring a login. 
Hey I knew about this! It was a case study in my Six Sigma certification course. 
We had a LEAN system explained couple of days ago. I work at a laser lense manufacturing company which is one of the few in the world. We use the Kaizen system. Toyota is pretty amazing.
I was an R&amp;D engineer at Honda and we did similar projects for everything around the office.  Engineers through the mailroom was inefficient and they create a team and cut a huge chunk out of mailroom expenses.  Engineers disagree with the landscaping routine, and they form a group and fix landscaping inefficiencies.  It was a good outlet to be creative outside their regular department and save the company some money.
Amazon also uses "kaizen" at their FC too...but it doesn't work!
we're learned that this year in second year engineering 
An improvement of that scale indicates some real incompetence in the soup kitchen management. Glad that they helped a good cause though.
That's very impressive, they did that where I work. Didn't work as they had hoped. But the consultant company still got paid.
I had to take a 4 day training on the Toyota Production System and LEAN as applied to healthcare. It's really interesting, but not much different than other quality assurance/improvement trainings. It banks a lot on Japanese words for concepts that already exist in other systems.

That said, it's a good system and really popular in hospitals right now.
Boeing has tried to apply kaizen. They managed to make things even *less* efficient.

I don't think Toyota was actually involved in it, Boeing just took the idea and fucked it up.
That was a great read.
More money and food goes into charities fighting world hunger today than should be necessary to feed the targets of those charities.

Of course things like government red tape and greed and war play a part in that, but as far as I can tell the biggest factor is inefficiency. I bet if you put major business directors and engineers in charge of a lot of things like soup kitchens or aid groups, you would see a huge turn around in effective use of donations and time. Some of these systems are criminally wasteful.
That's faster than the service I receive at any restaurant, the waiter even expects a tip. 
I guess that's why we have Six Sigma but from what I have seen everybody kind of treats it like a joke. To clarify, the engineers I have seen doing projects for say their green belt kind of got shit and were told/believe it is only good for resumes.
My fiancé works in finance for a Toyota dealership. The owner has a 65ft yacht. It's name: Kaizen.
[deleted]
And then Ford donated spoons and forks to replace the chopsticks. 
letting people in when there are empty seats doesn't really seem to ground breaking
We have this Kaizen thing at work. And around a bunch of mechanical engineers, What we come up with doesn't always help, often just another way to do something in the dumbest way possible. But it's fun, so there's that.
sounds like the perfect solution to the red tape some cities implement by not allowing food donation.  
We started doing "Kaizen" stuff at my previous employer.....was literally the dumbest shit I've ever done.  Prob in theory it's good, but unfortunately unless your managers/leaders are actually competent it's totally wasted.
I work for Philips and if I'm not mistaken We also took improvement from Toyota. I think that Lean is now a standard for all Philips plants.

Kaizen = common sense. 
To be fair, Toyota's manufacturing process is incredibly impressive. I recall doing case studies on it at school. The details? I don't remember diddly squat, I just remember the term Kaizen. 
They found the low hanging fruit (as far as improvement). 

Now how do you figure out to feed the seven billions efficiently without (too much) externalities ? You have 1 hour.
This is not a Japanese concept. As an engineering major, my school offers majors for "Industrial Sciences and Systems Engineering" which is basically where you can simulate how a business operates and generate reports on where you can improve and where in your business operations. Did this in a freshmen class, not the complicated.
EDIT: That is just an aspect of this major however, not meaning to step on any ISE toes
This is also something that scrum is based on.
Kaizen is really useful in some contexts - manufacturing (where it was originally developed), and in instances like this soup kitchen.  Want to know where kaizen doesn't work well?  Software development.  If you want to destroy productivity in a software project, add poorly implemented agile process on top of kaizen principles - the overload of meetings and micromanagement of processes (to ensure continuous improvement) ensures that nothing will ever get done.

(Source: I work for a company that uses kaizen as the foundation of their manufacturing and development processes across a number of subsidiary companies.  We spend at least as much time reporting what we do as we do actually doing it.)
Coincidently I'm in japan on a kaizen tour of japanese factories. I'll be visiting toyota on friday!
Where I'm from, "kaizen" means "meeting that takes 3 days". 
Now use Kaizen to make an EV?

What a great improvement over them designing cars that throw shrapnel in my face instead of an airbag.

[Source](http://blog.caranddriver.com/massive-takata-airbag-recall-everything-you-need-to-know-including-full-list-of-affected-vehicles/)
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/hailcorporate] [Big Motoring Company donates fancy gimmick, wow!](https://np.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/3sb7eq/big_motoring_company_donates_fancy_gimmick_wow/)

- [/r/hailcorporate] [Thanks \[car brand\] for helping a soup kitchen by making it more efficient.](https://np.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/3sbgoa/thanks_car_brand_for_helping_a_soup_kitchen_by/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I used to work for a company that got a contract to produce some items for Toyota. The bigwigs from Japan flew in for a tour of our facility and turned around and went home before the tour. They saw unkempt grass and nuts and washers left on the ground by the crating department. They saw a wasteful company who did not even have the self worth to cut the grass. How could we possibly care about their product?  We learned a big lesson. The company now follows kaizen and lean manufacturing principles and has saved a lot of money doing so
First step: let's put printers at each station so the soup servers don't have to walk down the hall for their printouts. 
Kaizen, apply directly to the kitchen.
How dare those Japanese teach us their evil, efficient methods!
My old company started using this process as part of a LEAN manufacturing initiative.  Where were plenty of improvements as a result, the thing that bothered me during my time with them is how we didn't use the "kaizen" process, we'd "have a kaizen."  Like one single "continuous improvement," whatever that would be.  It was shorthand for "a kaizen meeting" but still, it sounded silly, and you'd think a process that important to a company could at least be somewhat grammatically correct.  
Currently taking a class on Toyotas lean manufacturing, they are some efficient bastards. 
Kaizen is used in QA and is very similar to Six Sigma and other process improvement methodologies. It's used to some degree in many companies, especially manufacturing.
Sadly all the homeless people rusted.
Give that entire marketing team a raise.
Kaizen was a really big thing at the Japanese plant I worked at. It was just a buzzword and corporate statement though, as we were stateside.
Ahh thank you my friend for telling me what kaizen meant in have that on my lean manufacturing test bravo sir!
Can they do this for veteran benefits?
I worked for a company that assembled generator sets, and we were locally owned and soon we were bought out by a respectable German company and they started introducing LEAN and kaizen events. In one year, our revenue doubled, and the year after that, it doubled again. 

It's a great set of principles you can really utilize in any job you have. I can't tell you how much simpler, and easier my job became assembling generators. It was a world of difference.
I hated working for Toyota
I've got to get some of that Kaizen creme and apply it all over my body. Sounds like some good stuff. Anybody have a link to where I can buy some?
This sort of philosophy was inherited by the Japanese industry by Deming soon after the end of WW2. Deming created a management philosophy that was based around continual improvement, different management hierarchy, and the ecosystem within the workforce
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/W._Edwards_Deming

This is why the Japanese were renowned for their production quality, until the Americans realised that this philosophy was why people preferred Japanese products... 30-40 years later
Stories like this kind of depress me. I work in a warehouse that claims to be lean, but it's not even close. Management half-ass pushes it every now and then, the employees generally don't give a fuck, and nothing changes. There are so many improvements that could be made, but there is just no interest.
I worked for a publisher in the 90s that tried to incorporate Kaizen, but management was so top heavy it was completely pointless.
GLORIOUS NIPPON WINS AGAIN! TENNO HEIKA BANZAI!
I seriously have to stop myself from punching the douchebag managers whenever they say kaizen to me as an answer to a question. I don't speak fucking Japanese. 
No need to wait if there isn't any food.  
This is amazing and probably more effective than many consultants that companies hire to make things more efficient and profitable. 
My job has adopted the kaizen approach to manufacturing and in my department we've more than double our productivity just by moving things around and working in stages instead of whole pieces at once
Wow do I feel like the odd duck here (although in a good way). My career is in process improvement using Six Sigma, Lean, and Theory of Constraint. I've never had anything but positive embracement and excitement for when I've shown up and started improvement programs. Theyre excited that I'm there and excited to make things better.   

There's some change management issues here and there but for the most part, all positive. The thing is, it's 2015. If you're still think these methodologies are "management voodoo" you're stuck 20 years in the past and you need us now more than ever.  You're going to be destroyed by your competition at anytime with that head-in-sand ignorance.  

My Background is all financial services and just recently healthcare. The people I work with are really bright and motivated. That Might be cause for the variation in experience. Just wanted to put in my 2-cents because it's vastly different from what I saw here. 
"Built Toyota Smart"
It is a continuos look at improving process.
Used to work at TMMK in Kentucky.  They would PAY employees to refine the assembly prices which not only meant faster, but more ergonomic to reduce strain on the body.  Fluid organic motion mass production.  Kaizen is a practice EVERY business should employ.  It doesn't just apply to manufacturing; it could be a better filing system, break time structuring, or placement of furniture.  If it makes life easier/more productive.  They literally paid me 15 minutes every day before work for stretching, as it reduces injury.  Hard work though...damn.
They just started doing this at my job. A job that use to take forty minutes now takes 2 hours. Management states that it needs some fine tuning. Ha! 
I worked at a factory that was into Kaizen, the american translation is "finding how to lay you off"

I used to work in an office where we were forced to do "Kaizen" for EVERYTHING. A building with ~150 office employees, almost 100 of them were involved in some bullshit "Kaizen" to either try and improve or fix an issue.

Yeah, it works, except when incompetent "leaders" try and apply it to everything they can think, like people keeping too much food in the fridge. Some people would literally dedicate their ENTIRE working days for weeks on end in "Kaizen" meetings for issues like this.
Having worked at toyota in Torrance, it is the worst place in the world to work.
If you are Indian from Tata or Tcs and so much as fart and sneeze at the same time - you are sent back to India.
The Care Home I used to work at taught all new employees Kaizen basics before we started, it either didn't work or no one bothered to remember any of it.
omg are you saying that large corporations can use their powers for good? blasphemy
The United States Air Force has the same process develop from the same idea. It is called the OODA Loop. 
Can we all remember this story when the monthly "shit on the MBAs" stories come out?

It really is a discipline that can transform systems, and can actually help people and change lives. It's not all about squeezing out the most profits.  That's a byproduct of the users motives.

Now the accomplishment might seem simple, but trying to convince somebody that has been doing their jobs for 20 years that there might be a better way is extremely difficult.

Some business concepts (and math, physics, etc) really aren't intuitive at all.  




[deleted]
We adapted TPS a few years ago and called it Alcoa Business System.  I think the main reason we did it was to prepare for the economic 'crash'.  We downsized and had to learn to be more efficient with less people.  With any corporation owned business, you'll run through the next best thing when it comes to how to make more money with less costs.  TPS/ABS worked.  I still use it even though the company had moved on to Human Performance Technologies.  We still 5S, 5 Whys, and have Kaisens. The difference now is we have to show our results in $$$  There is a lot more micromanaging.  TPS/ABS flipped the management pyramid.  Instead of your boss telling you how to work, it was the employees that told their bosses what needs to happen so they can give the results the boss needs.  It was great.  I don't see that now unfortunately.
An improvement of that scale indicates some real incompetence in the soup kitchen management. Glad that they helped a good cause though.
I could 5s the shit out a some homeless people's shopping carts but they might not like it.
/r/HailCorporate 

Oh good now those homeless people have an extra 72 minutes to beg for change. 
Ahhh fantastic! We had lean and kanban training the other week at work and this was one of the video pieces. Really motivational stuff.
I want to say kaizen was invented by an American after wwii? Can someone fact check me there? It was our way of helping them rebuild after the war.
fuck you stop posting this article
The 90 minute waiting period was ridiculous to begin with, I don't think they have done anything special here. They changed the process from an extremely tedious one to a standard one and any well known organisation which strives for perfection should be able to do it.
People can't figure this out without Toyota holding their hand?
And based on my experience with kaizen, I expect something other than wait time has gone worse, volunteers have to work more and paperwork has now doubled.
Good ol Japs. I love em.
Six Sigma green belts Unite! 
Awaiting the bleep bloop link to /r/japancirclejerk
I also practice Kaizen for my ejaculation
What am I missing here, 90 minutes for 10 at a time.  Or 18 minutes each.  Surely 90 minutes for 10 people is better then the 180 minutes for 10 people?
English has so many words for what you're talking about, even the headline of the article uses one of them: "efficiency." Why are you shoehorning "kaizen" into your TIL subject line? 
"I against my brother.  My brothers and I against my cousins.  My cousins and I against strangers."
Never would that saying be more appropriate than at that moment.  
Ozymandias knows what's up. 
And thus the Extraterrestrial Combat Unit (XCOM) was born.
R: "Hey you cool with defending earth against alien attacks?"    
G: "We cool"
Mr Gorbachev, tear down this massive alien fleet
As easy as it may seem to pass these kinds of comments off as being a joke between superpowers, it is perhaps worth noting that these sorts of contingency plans most assuredly exist, though most of them are and will remain classified. 

After all, it would be incredibly foolish and grossly incompetent of the Powers That Be if they did not have at least some rudimentary plan of action in place for them to reference quickly if the time came, regardless of how unlikely people may consider the possibility of potential alien visitation in the near future to be.

Military and intel agencies plan for countless possible scenarios all the time. It is a huge part of what they do - proactive thinking and planning - even if the scenario they are planning for is deemed to be an incredibly unlikely and "absolute worst case" scenario. There is a reason the USA has constantly updated plans to invade Canada for example, even though there is nothing at all to suggest that they would ever need to exercise that plan in the foreseeable future. 

As one interesting example that can be applicable here in regards to this topic of "alien invasion", the US military even have something on the books called ["CONPLAN 8888-11"](http://www.cubadebate.cu/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/CONPLAN-8888.pdf) (PDF warning), which is a plan to deal with a theoretical zombie invasion! Now, that might sound crazy (because it is), but many believe that the purpose to a plan like that being drafted is to use it as a training reference tool to better learn how to plan for various incredibly rare and extreme scenarios, such as alien visitation/invasion. 

To quote CONPLAN 8888-11 directly - *"This plan fulfills fictional contingency planning guidance tasking for U.S. Strategic Command to develop a comprehensive plan to undertake military operations to preserve ‘non-zombie’ humans from the threats posed by a zombie horde. Because zombies pose a threat to all non-zombie human life, Strategic Command will be prepared to preserve the sanctity of human life and conduct operations in support of any human population — including traditional adversaries."*

Just replace the word "zombie" with "alien", and you can see how this sort of contingency response plan can be hidden in plain sight. Many people believe that CONPLAN 8888-11 (also called *“Counter-Zombie Dominance,”*) was actually devised as a fictional scenario that can be modified to fit a possible real-world application related to coping with a potential intelligent alien visitation/invasion. Rather than putting a plan on the open books that explicitly references "aliens" though, instead they substituted ET life with "zombies" in the study to allow them to play the plan off as a joke exercise to many people outside the loop who may question its true possible relevance. 

As the Strategic Command puts it, *"The document is identified as a training tool used in an in-house training exercise where students learn about the basic concepts of military plans and order development through a fictional training scenario".* However rare the likelihood may be of an alien visitation or invasion, having at least a basic plan in place - ideally, a multi-national agreement between superpowers - to agree to try to deal together against a potential alien threat that could end all life on Earth has to be taken seriously. Having a plan in place for dealing with that possibility, however remote it may be, is important because of what would potentially be at stake for humanity if it were to happen. Again, it would be absurdly incompetent if a basic plan of action/response was not on the books somewhere - whether in the classified realm or public. 

Heck, there are even published guidelines for emergency first responders on how to deal with something like a crashed alien spacecraft (flying saucer). The ["Fire Officers Guide For Disaster Control"](https://books.google.ca/books/about/Fire_Officer_s_Guide_to_Disaster_Control.html?id=wH7km8j6HKkC&amp;hl=en) for example is a well respected book that is found in many firehouses around the nation and is used as a reference source for firefighter training. In it, there is actually a chapter about how as a first responder to deal with a crashed spacecraft or satellite of both Earthly or extra-terrestrial origin.

Again, having some form of plan for any eventuality that could potentially pose an extreme threat to humanity, no matter how remote the odds, is just good thinking, and is not nearly as crazy as it may sound.
WELL MR PUTIN, I HOPE YOU ARE KEEPING YOUR END OF THE BARGAIN
All regular cold war activities are suspended indefinitely in the event of an alien invasion.
I believe there is a book series by Harry Turtledove where this exact thing takes place. Except that the USsR sides with the aliens against the US and nazis. 


In Orson Scott Card's *Ender's Game,* a large part of the plot is that NATO has been at peace with Russia (Soviet Union in earlier editions) and the Warsaw Pact because of the war with the Formics/Buggers. When they beat the aliens, war breaks out almost immediately.
this is like every HFY story ever

"when they came upon us, we were splintered and divided

but when we came upon them, we were united in a single purpose"
Reagan and Gorbachev are duking it out. They both get abducted by aliens. Reagan manages to escape, but turns back to save Gorbachev from getting probed. Gorbachev and Reagan agree to settle their differences, and Gorbachev tells the aliens he's going to call a couple of hard, vodka-hitting Ruskies to come get Soviet on their asses.
ISIS has hit rank level "alien invasion."
Well, it was in "Watchmen"...
Thank you Alan Moore &amp; "Watchmen"!
Well, we're here. Now what?
So what we really need to reach world peace is an alien invasion. All our wars would seem kind of petty compared to the whole Earth being invaded.
Kinda like Mao and Chiang agreed during ww2 where the Japanese invaded. 


But really we would be hopeless against some force that can do interstellar travel. 
Well...I'd hope that **fucking aliens trying to invade our planet** would be something that unite *most* of our planet. 
And yet, Edwin Meese, aka Xontar, alien from the Galbathor system was allowed to serve as Reagan's Attorney General for over three years.  Going on 84 years of age, this Lizard Person is still going strong.
the entire world would come together like never before.  it would be glorious! up until the point where we are all captured, processed and spread on ritz crackers.
Alien invasion stories always made me cringe in a way. From War of the worlds to Independence Day.

This alien race has developed tech that either allows them try get around the faster than light problem or can preserve themselves for long journeys yet they don't have the technology to defeat a technologically inferior race.

Step 1. Get to planet

Step 2. Map their DNA

Step 3. Release a disease into the atmosphere specifically designed to kill them.

Step 4. Colonize

Step 5. Partayh!
This is basically what the plot of the Watchmen is based on.
"Hey if aliens attack the earth, you'll help us right?"

"sure of course"

"would...you mind putting that in writing?"

"why?"

"Oh...you'll see"  *sips coffee*
Now that would make one hell of a movie
Ctrl+f "watchmen". 

All right then
Hi TIL guys. Are any of you curious as to why 2 world leaders were making alliances in case of hostile alien invasion?

[**Gordon Cooper, Astronaut, American aerospace engineer, USAF pilot, advanced aircraft test pilot, Astronaut on the Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo space programs**, telling you about his multiple direct professional experience with *alien vehicles/UFOs* and telling you he thinks they were extraterrestrial pilots and "he has no doubt about it", and in his military career he has been responsible for handling 'good film' with 'good close up shots' in the Air Force of flying saucers that weren't ours landing and taking back off again. He called up his chain of command until eventually, after speaking to 'higher and higher and higher level officers', he reached a colonel who told him there would be a courier sent to him and the base airplane would be arranged to fly back to Washington with these films.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsEd_b1C8DY)

Or, if you believe Gordon Cooper or the other older astronauts who try to tell you about aliens have lost their minds or 'had some mental decline', maybe you should consider some other relevant professionals:

[USAF Colonel Charles Halt, who was deputy base commander at the largest NATO airbase in the world during the Cold War who was there **when some aliens showed** up in force.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8DHDsweaWE)

Col. Halt reported all of this and the incident was leaked, as was the response by the AF to it's own personnel who saw it. He saw it and got promoted, as did many other airmen involved, and Halt went on to be Base Commander at 2 large military installations, and at the time of his retirement in 1991 was inspections director for the DoD inspector general where he had *inspection authority over all military services and defense agencies* - so not quite the career path or trajectory of a nutcase who is seeing magic non-existent things around sensitive facilities, huh?

and this guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHwhmc2m-tQ (USAF Sgt. James Penniston, one of the many airmen who accompanied the deputy base commander Col. Halt those nights and saw the same things)

and this guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYU_tr5K5ws (another airmen stationed at the base with Colonel Halt and Sgt. Penniston who saw these things, Security Officer Larry Warren, who was a bit less lucky in terms of military career after he made the mistake of phoning his family members to tell them about the scary, paradigm-shattering experience he had just had from the base payphone booth, which was constantly monitored and earned him a great deal of harassment and eventually even the loss of his passport, which took the intervention of a former US Attorney General to get back)

and this *girl*: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-8XJvHRuzY (Captain Lori Rehfedlt)

There are others I haven't bothered to link.

These people were all **PRP**, which stands for **P**ersonnel **R**eliability **P**rogram, which means they were vetted and evaluated and determined to be trustworthy and reliable with the most serious shit. Do you believe all of these people are undergoing some sort of mental decline or delusions or making up stories "for fame", just like the astronauts? (because they weren't famous enough, after all, being in the most exclusive club the human species has *ever fucking invented* for itself)

How about Milton Torres, PhD and Engineering Professor / former USAF fighter pilot, you think he also just went crazy when he was ordered to intercept a UFO *the size of an aircraft carrier* that was orbiting Ipswich? Maybe his radar, and his ground radar operator, and that ground radar console itself  also were going insane? And the intelligence spook who showed up to debrief him the morning after his mission and told him to forget all about it - and the commander who sent him on the fire mission - were they all having mental decline at the time as well?  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARWBRYXHSdA

Also Don Phillips, a guy who worked with the USAF and CIA, who also worked with Kelly Johnson at the Lockheed Martin Skunkworks division on design and construction of the U-2 and SR-71 Blackbird, who was in the USAF at Las Vegas Air Force Base during an event when UFOs were seen on radar by himself and his staff moving at enormous speeds and doing impossible maneuvers near Mt. Charleston, northwest of Las Vegas. He testifies that we not only have these extraterrestrial devices, but have also achieved tremendous technological advances from their study. He states that in the 1950's and 1960's, NATO did research into the origin of UFOs/advanced civilizations visiting Earth, and disseminated reports to the leaders of various countries.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAqpVweK3tk

and this guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4wL4lbwwNU

and this guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Clbn3zgsRs

and this guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVPK2J-yLK4

and this guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBOY5jrOGwA

and this guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VaeZRH9R2Y

At what point in time do you realize that you are being irrational by not considering this reality, and perhaps you are simply existing in an ignorant or science-flavored solipsistic bubble where you believe you're smarter and more informed than the relevant professionals, doctors, scientists, astronauts, military personnel, air defense personnel, pilots, and engineers who have direct personal or professional experience? This stuff I've linked is not even 1% of what's out there, this is the *tame* stuff. This is the stuff that you look at to begin to understand that your pre-existing beliefs might not actually be correct, before you start learning yourself differently.

Ask yourselves, if this was really happening, do you honestly think that your favorite popular scientist would be in on it? Would they invite Bill Nye the Science Guy to the secret base to examine some advanced technology that has massive potential defense significance, or some alien tissue samples? Do you believe Neil Degrasse Tyson would be invited to make some youtube videos about it? Or would the representatives of the people do what they would assume is necessary for the continued upholding of the  economic and social order we all enjoy ... and hide the issue or at least fail to acknowledge it officially until they had a better handle on it?


There are also cabinet level officers/staff of primary NATO countries like Canada who are not only convinced that this is a real and serious matter privately, but they feel that it's important enough to come out and tell people about on TV - like the Minister of Defense of Canada, a man who was responsible for the unification of Canada's armed services (Google "Paul Hellyer, aliens"). Or like Dr. Edgar Mitchell, another big name with some definitely professional involvement with people who would know the truth.

They're here. *The truth is out there*.
This is one hundred percent something that Reagan asked about and Gorbachev was just like "uhhhh sure guy."
The truth is out there.
How about an illegal alien invasion?
In my darker moments I sometimes speculate that the only thing that would unite humanity is a common enemy.
Ayy they onto us. Lmao
It makes sense as a comment gauging where the relationship stands. It also helps establish the idea that there can be some brotherhood between the countries.
So there I was the other day, thinking cold war was the most ridiculous thing humanity put out...
The Watchmen Accord.
Well I'd hope that everyone on the fucking planet would assist each other in the case of an alien invasion.
The military has put together plans on how to deal with zombie outbreaks. They're just exercises.
Reagan ASKED Gorbachev. Gorby trying not to laugh said: "sure" and the little respect he had for the American president crashed and burned.
An alien invasion would most likely start with an asteroid or ten crashing into the planet. Unless they are trying to liberate us, then the asteroids will rain down for twenty years and then they'll suddenly leave.
I can feel this happening.  Second term Reagan pushing the conversation.  Gorby looking for a way out.  Finally, Gorby just agrees, mostly because he wants to move things forward.  The waiter has been standing there waiting for Reagan to choose lobster or steak tartar for like 45 minutes.
Ozymandias was right!
And then Watchmen happens.
Of course the Reptillians didn't want competition.
Aliens would drop a tailored virus into our atmosphere, we'd all be dead in a few days without a shot fired. Assuming they even cared to bother with us, which I doubt they would. Our atmosphere would likely be as poisonous to them as Venus's is to us. So if they wanted a planet, why chose ours? 
A good analogy would also be how the Horde and Alliance are enemies, but must stick together when the Burning Legion invades Azeroth 
Reagan was a certified UFO nut and given the information he was made aware of, he seemed to take alien invasions very seriously, even mentioning it in public a few times.
Don't forget Reagan's speech at the UN in which he said humanity can put aside our differences to defend Earth from an alien invasion.
Better the devil you know...
As if that agreement meant anything. If one side thought they could win the cold war with the help of an alien power they would have done so.
And now we have ISIS.
"What if Aliens invade" is a perfectly legitimate concern that only sounds ridiculous on the surface. I mean, there could be a bracewell probe down on Titan building warbots *right now* and we wouldn't know until we actually go there and realize that aliens have been stealing our precious resources before we even got there. 
Gorbachev was really into supernatural stuff.  I know of a meeting he once held where he invited  many different indigenous people around the world to share their occult sciences and compare their calendars.  They were pretty much all the same when comparing calendar events and certain rituals. He must know some very interesting things.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
You can travel the galaxy with us, even if it were to happen.
It was called "The Treaty of Watchmen"
I've always said that the secret to world peace is finding something worth killing other than each other.
I've never been able to understand the idea that there can be some brotherhood between the countries.
That's fuckin baller
the truth is out there.
So aliens and hitler are the two things Russia and the us agree on. Not even ISIS brings us together. 
TIL, Allan Moore was right... 
So why doesn't Trump ask Russia to pay for the wall?
But terrorism...nah.
Ozymandias knew what he was doing.
We're useless for any eventuality that could potentially pose an issue.
If instead of wasting your perfectly good intelligence on inane hypotheticals you'd rather like to hear something relevant and recent from Gorbachev, try here: https://www.rt.com/shows/sophieco/215851-gorbachev-us-ukraine-war/
I always thought this was just something that Reagan said in a speech. I had no idea the two ever talked about it.

I was 8 when his presidency ended though so I never really paid much attention to his speeches or his politics. All I ever knew was he was president the year I was born, he was an actor first, someone attempted to assasinate him, he told Gorbachev to "Tear down this wall"., and he said something about alien threat or invasion would unify the people of the world.


That is the basics of human diplomacy. Side with the most alike.
I guess Adrian Veidt was right.
Here's a link to the video.  Gorbachev mentions it about 3 min in.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Arsb-DUcRt0
I want to reference The Watchmen but I'm too lazy.
so Isis right?
So Watchmen was right...

Rumoured that Reagan offered up Tom cruise and will smith and gorby couldn't refuse.
Duh, everyone who's played Xenonauts knows this. 
Right because that's a reasonable turn of events. I bet Gorbachev laughed his ass off after the meeting.
Plot twist: both also had agreements with the aliens to assist each other in the event of US/Soviet invasion.
Why isn't there a X-men reference here? 
Shook hands with Ronalds, Reagan and McDonlds.
I hope their plan for fighting aliens is better than their plan to fight Isis..... or ebola, or ..... intruders on WH grounds, or any number of additional pitiful examples!
Reagan was really out there man.  Or did he know something?  *puts in aluminium foil hat*
ISIS appears to be an alien force...
It won't matter who's helping who out if that happened.
Just to foil Ozymandias. Roarsach's journal made to a higher level
Why isn't this a B movie. 
Get on this, Call of Duty.
Really, though, in the event of a hostile alien invasion just how many of the world's powers wouldn't fight?
Does ISIS count? 
I think that the most likely scenario of an alien invasion would not be an actual invasion, but a careless genocide caused by aliens with other motives and no respect/empathy for human life.

For example, they could just land here and suck up the ocean while we uselessly bombed them. Or ignore Earth altogether and have us all die helplessly as they built a dyson sphere around the sun. 
What wars await us I can't stop Ozymandias knows what's up.
So........The Watchmen
If there were an alien invasion intent on conquering or exterminating us, we'd be fucked beyond all measure, no fraction of a doubt.
how incredibly specie-ist and earth-centric. it was the then current year!

would it apply in the case of either government inviting the invasion though. as the EU and US are tripping over themselves to remove all barriers for anyone and everyone to enter, and stay permanently, collecting benefits
So you're saying the Russians should build the wall.
As easy as it would be a pretty safe bet to assume that aliens who have direct personal or professional experience?
And how about the zombie apocalypse ?
And on top of my head I'd imagine they would be hard.
Well, if any nations would be able to fight back an advanced alien invasion, it would be the US and the USSR, the top two most powerful militaries in human history.
So at that point they both realized how trivial these petty squabbles really are in the grand scheme of things.

And then blow us all up as they inevitably resort to nukes fighting a war humans would never win
Laughing is heard on the books somewhere - whether in the United States were in civil war with each other? cough Oops.
On the side of the aliens...

While we don't have the most out of all the books.
I always laugh at the notion of the world powers coming together to fight off an alien invasion. Because honestly, it doesn't matter if every country in the world joined forces immediately and combined all resources. The idea that we would have a snowballs chance in hell of putting up any sort of fight against a species technologically advanced enough to not only build a space faring war fleet but also traverse the vast distance between our world and theirs is laughable. 

We're still working on getting a few people to Mars. Any race advanced enough to send a fleet of war ships over light-years to our doorstep is going to wipe the floor with us, regardless of how many Will Smiths we have. It's sad to say, but with that huge of a technological gap, whether we live or die is entirely up to them. 
Yet  ISIS did the same.
Does this agreement still hold with the US and Russia?
Chuck a big asteroid or two at the Lockheed Martin Skunkworks division on design and construction of the Watchmen is based on.
I never thought little greys would wear old man briefs.
Sounds like the plot for the "The Watchmen"... 
What the fuck could they do ? Blow Earth up ? Making sure they won't have anything to invade ? I can only imagine that if some aliens are able to travel to space with the sole purpose of invading we are fucked ..what can we do .. launch nukes at them and hope for the best ? 
Soooo what they're saying is that Alan Moore was right?
In the oft-overlooked words of one Mr. Jack Black, that's fucking teamwork. 
"We'll drop the charade if shit gets bad enough."
Can we get these guys back in charge of their respective countries?
Mexico must be panicking.
10 to 1 odds ole Ronnie brought this up.
Or would the representatives of the Watchmen is based on.
Priorities
"But during a zombie apocalypse, it's every nation for them selves." - Ronnie
As if every military on Earth working in perfect unison would be any kind of threat to an alien species that can not only detect sentient life on other planets, but also travel across the galaxy to invade said planet.
I hope the whole world would help each other out...like some "Independence Day" shit!
That's most impressive that it was Reagon, and not one of the other Cold War era presidents. if I understand correctly, he hated the 'Reds' with more zeal that any of the other ones. 

"Better dead than red" originated with him IIRC
Yet I see no cooperation over Donald Trump.
How would mexicans get into the USSR?
In the event of an alien invasion... it all would be over in hours.
Muslims are aliens.  Go. 
I've never been able to understand the idea that we'd have even a sliver of a chance against an invading alien force. This would be a force that has mastered interstellar/intergalactic travel and logistics, and would seem to have no real reason to mind our borders, civilizations or organizations when conducting war. 

Imagine a species that has the upper hand gained by the accumulation of knowledge and technology from splintering evolutionarily just right millions of years before us. Then imagine that their arrival is not some unique never before seen occurrence but something that they have mastered by repetition so well that it has become routine.

I'm with Hawking, let's just have our fun hiding away in our corner pretending we're going to make it anywhere near the time when our sun swallows this little blue marble.

Now I need a hug :(
And they have come together now against the ISIS aliens. 
aliens dont exist u fkn numbskull...-_-

downvoted for spreading lies about aliens
[deleted]
Reagan; scared of weed, scared of aliens.  
[deleted]
If I were an alien, I'd hire the 1 billion poor. We would have no chance.
That's what I don't get about humans. You have enough in common to band together if some other species fucks with your planet, but not enough common sense to not fucking kill each other. Brilliant. May you be cursed to keep living in pretenses forever. 
I would welcome that title.
"The little UK firm responsible for the gaffe received a complaint from a potential customer who felt himself qualified to be a rich bastard yet had not received the letter he deemed appropriate to his station in life. "

Surely that could be no other than the one, the only, Mrs. Hyacinth Bucket. Pronounced "Bouquet," of course.
This is why we aren't allowed to get cute with test account names. We had a similar issue at work...someone had gotten "funny" with test accounts and next thing we know we get an email from the CEO telling us not to use accounts like "Poopy McSharter" in the future.
I too, would like to be a rich bastard.
Dear Moderate Bastard,

Please make more money

~Rich Bastard
Friend worked for big pizza delivery company as a driver. This was about 15 years ago. Drivers would come back and enter notes in the first name field to give other drivers feedback on their experience with the customer. This was very helpful to make the next driver aware of any issues like a dark street, or house with no visible address. Thousands of postcards go out at the first of the month when a lot of people get their check. Postcard marketing company decided to use first and last name from the customer database instead of generic Our Friends At, or, Current Resident. So, they start getting complaints from people whose name was in the database and addressed on postcard as, Bitch doesn't tip, Hot Milf, Weed house, Large dog, Dick, Rude asshole. Postcard company never used first and last name, again.
"The English love an insult. It's their only test of a man's sincerity."

-- Benjamin Franklin
My last job working in computer programming, we sold software in modules. Any of the 11 modules could stand alone or get additional functions by adding a new module.

One of the other programmers put in a "joke" page that would pop up if a customer didn't have a particular module but tried to click on the link anyway. The "joke page" was never supposed to be sent out, so customers wouldn't ever have seen it.

One day we get a call from the CEO for one of our customers. He was laughing and it took awhile to get him to calm down enough to tell us what it was about.

He clicked on a link for a module that he hadn't bought and got a screen that said:

"You didn't pay for this module you cheapskat"  (yeah she even misspelled it).

Fortunately he was able to laugh it off and the programmer responsible was given a stern talking to. Years later the oddest things remind me of that day.

&gt; You owe your soul to the company store. Why not owe your home to Wells Fargo An equity advantage loan can help you spend what would have been your children's inheritance. 

This one's better.
I thought this one was even funnier.

&gt;A similar situation occurred when U.S. vice-presidential candidate Geraldine Ferraro's computer sent out letters thanking supporters for their help in her 1984 campaign. Supporters with the title "Mrs." found themselves addressed as "Rabbi", while all those with the title "Mr." were promoted to "Colonel".


How dare they deny me my hard earned rich bastard moniker..Vivian, fetch the scribe.
"(At one office so mea culpa'd, an enlargement of the "Dear Rich Bastard" letter was spotted framed and mounted on the wall.)"
Everyone who's not an asshole, step forward. 

You... Not so fast. 
I remember when my parents received this letter, we all had a giggle in our mansion.
A similar thing [happened to a Councilmember](http://horsesass.org/various-and-sundry-asian-people/) in my county.

&gt; Oops. It looks like Pete von Reichbauer has had one of those Cindi Laws moments. The King County Journal reports that the councilman offended several leaders of the Asian-American community when an unfinished draft of his campaign website “accidentally” went live, displaying a list of endorsements that included “various and sundry Asian people”… twenty-one times.
I prefer how they addressed it on "The Young Ones".  "Dear Fascist Bullyboy..."
I can just picture brunch at the country club when everyone is talking about the obscene letter they received and this guy just being pissed... 
This is oh so very British :)
That is the most British thing I've ever heard.
HENRY! I should think I would qualify as a rich bastard! Don't you think? 

Yes m'am...
I'm as rich a bastard as anyone, damn it!
I never thought I would say this but I want to be the guy who complained when I grow up. 
This sounds like something Douglas Adams would write.
Darling bank manager

Give me some more money you bastard.

May the seed of your lion be fruitful in the belly of your woman.

Neil
I would like such an title if I was rich. 
Happens. Having once accidentally pumped the string "RYAN TEST 1" out to the Facebook pages of a number of very large, well-known clients as a post from the page's owner, i sympathize with the programmer.

Using live auth strings to pull graph content to test my code against real data, a bug elsewhere in the platform pushed a post i was trying to send to my own dev FB account to every page i had in my local database. 

The offending message was forcibly purged from all afflicted pages within a few minutes, but not before i'd very briefly become the most successful social campaign at least one of those companies had ever run, with responses ranging from "Test successful. Take the rest of the day off." through to "go home Ryan, you're drunk". 

I wasn't fired, and the clients were only moderately irritated, but i am still regularly mocked for it by my peers years later.
&gt;accidentally
*pout* why do theyyyy get to be rich bastards but not meeeee daddy! 
PLEASE start calling us the UK. PLEASE
This story appeared in "New Scientist" a British magazine, much more readable version of Scientific American. The programmer was asked to find the wealthiest clients of a British bank.  His software scoured all the accounts and account holders (there are more than checking and savings accounts). The programmer created a fictional person to test his software, Rich Bastard. The software worked BUT, he forgot to then use the real name for the mailing. He was fired (sacked, this is the UK after all).
I would cry myself to sleep on a big pile of money
/r/nottheonion
I miss Ol' Dirty Bastard...
"Darling Fascist Bully-Boy, 

Give us some more money, you bastard.

Love, 
Neil"
This is the kind of rich guy I wish to be
In other news, OP misread Snopes...
And that mans name Ronnie Pickering!
This is a very British thing:

RB1: I'm so insulted.

RB2: So am I!

RB3: I didn't get one.

RB1: That's unacceptable.  You should complain.

RB2: I agree don't stand for it man make them send your insult.  It's the principle of the thing.
Of all the things to be called, rich bastard sounds ok.
I was part of the team that did this but most of the story is made up to fill in for what they don't know.

It should really be a TIFU, because it happened, but not the way it is reported here. "wealthy" and "wealth" are the misleading clickbait words here.

Edit: repetition
That's Brits for you .
&gt;My affluence makes a nonsense of the regulations! - Seto Kaiba
I like to imagine the meeting where the programmer was fired went like this

&gt;Boss: "Well you probably know why you're here. We're letting you go.

&gt;Programmer: "Yeah. That seems about right." 


Edit: never mind. Just finished the article, and he wasn't fired. 
Yeah "accidentaly"
That doesn't sound like an accident. That sounds like a disgruntled employee.
Mr. Trump is that you?
i prefer "rich fucker" myself.  
This is so British.
English people sound fucking awesome, unlike Americans who would have sued over hurt feels.
First world problems. 
"How come I didn't get one?!" -notrichenoughbastard
My rich cousin got one of those...
TIL, "I'm a mother fucking rich bastard and you better recognize!"
This is why as tempted as I have been to use goof titles or whatever when putting stuff together, I've always pictured the goof slipping thru. 
Poor bastard 
"I deserve the rich bastard title dammit!" *is in middle class* 
How the fuck did this happen on "accident"? What misspelling leads to "rich bastard"?
I want that letter. You know, am a bastard too!
Best 'accident' ever! 
"Accidentally". ;)
I'm a bastard, just not rich. Can they at least send me half that message?
"Darling Fascist Bullyboy, 

Give me some more money, you bastard. 

May the seed of your loin be fruitful in the belly of your woman, 

Neil."
Obviously he's not rich, but he tries so very hard, and has all those little Bastards running about.
If I had enough cash damn right I'd wanna be called that. 
Did a large mail merge once, one sent as "John probably an asshole Smith".

Got a phone call the next day. I had to spend the next few days scanning the database for bad words. Fun!
I may not be a rich bastard but what I lack in rich I make up in bastard. 
Where is my letter
Gotta love English Humour.
Bastard!
That guy sounds like an English Donald Trump.
That's *Richard* to you poor backyards.
How do you accidently send letters to someone, with such a specific title?
I think a lot of wealthy people are driven by a need to feel superior to others. 
The person responsible for the error lucked out then,.. Today it would have been something like "Dear Skuntymcgooglesnatch:" or something what..
I'm so old I remembered when this happened. It was a great story to me as I was a programmer at the time. Excellent object lesson for boundary conditions 
That is maddening. 
Where do I sign to be rich bastard?
Wealthy people don't know or care about this, it is wasted effort - sorry they don't open post or read things handed to them 
How does this accidentally happen??
I'm crying with laughter
I too would welcome that title.
Repost....
You had one job.

And you did it perfectly.
How many of those Cindi Laws moments.
Thus proving that people will always find a reason to complain. 
[I think you'll find we're considerably richer than yooooowwwww](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8Kum8OUTuk)
Sw
You know that was just some pissed off employee that decided that was gonna be his thing before he left.
I have done this before.
I had to crate a generic template to be used by the entire company. I was having some fun and joking with a friend when I included a greeting that was vulgar. The letters were addressed to clients in that manner. Oh man did I get it for that one...
It was actually a bank. So the correct form of address on the return letter is

&gt;Darling fascist bully boy,

Edit: Already been done. Three times. Fantastic. :)
I imagine that particular complaint in Comic Book Guy's voice.
It wasn't a bank in England, it was one in Scotland and the guy was not fired.
It was/is common practice to put random junk in code until the business decide what the text should actually be.

Normally this is removed but in this case....

How exactly does this happen accidentally?
"accidentally" ... we "accidentally" hired someone who fucked us over before he was let go
Calm down Mac
"Accidentally"
Man. Some guy at that place was just pooping himself. "I swear I deleted that part."
It's funny that in England that's something they done accidentally and apologised for. 

Here in Scotland, we use swear words and stuff as terms of endearment all day every day. Calling you pal a "fucker" or "cunt" isn't a bad thing. Strangely though, if you call someone "mate", then it usually means you're pissed off at them or something lol
"Signed, go fuck yourself"
“TIL that a company in England accidentally sent letters to some of its wealthy customers that began "Dear Rich Bastard". One customer who did not receive the letter complained, certain their wealth was enough to warrant the "rich bastard" title.”
Where money is concerned, perception is a funny old thing. If only there was a way to make thinking of that type joined-up. Today’s example is richy rich David Cameron’s assertion that reforming the EU is a ‘big’, but not impossible, task. Yet surely performing such a reformation would be far more revealing than just spouting mere rhetoric. George Osborne is currently performing ‘corrective’ surgery on the nation’s spending. Ostensibly under the guise of austerity, rather than from some ideological motivation. So why doesn’t it occur to the well-off PM, that he could just as well assign that bean-counter to the job of facilitating a financial audit of EU waste? Is it because he fears that irregularities will be found? Or perhaps that massive quantities of missing funds will not be found? Either way, what’s right for Britain’s pocketbook should be right for that German controlled undemocratic fiefdom’s coffers. Unless what’s ours is theirs, but what’s theirs is their own.

'Accidently'... *wink*
See, this is how we get rich people to pay more taxes.
*Accidentally*
Yes we are a funny bunch :p
I used to get wasted at uni and be tongue in cheek abusive to people I knew. One guy started avoiding me and I approached him and asked why and he said last time I was wasted I didn't insult him.

Psychology is f*cked up. 
How they dare? Oh god.
I get letter from credit card companies all the time that begin, "dear poor Schmuck".
Just goes to show you can get whatever title you wish if you're rich.

Rich bastards.
&gt;luckless programmer

I do believe you mean bad programmer
"(At one office so mea culpa'd, an enlargement of the "Dear Rich Bastard" letter was spotted framed and mounted on the wall.)"
yeah u like that...u rich retard....
I recall that the author Leslie Philips was once referred to as a "Welsh bastard".  He replied angrily, insisting that he was not Welsh.
I want to be called rich bastard. :'(
we are considerably richer than yao
If you have to complain you're not being recognized, you're obviously not rich enough or not bastard enough. 
Now I have to look for a TIFU post for this incident.
Those rich folk always be complaining, even when they don't receive their insults.
Someone then instantly became a sorry bastard.
Oh yes, I worked at the un-named company!! It was not a financial firm.
Wot m8?! You tryna say I'm not rich? Fook you
How does this "accidentally" happen?
love this reddit post

I'm gritting my teeth.  There's so much wrong with that.  

First and foremost, you NEVER, EVER, put in smarmy data like that.  Work under the rule that the customer will always see it (even to the point of not commenting code that'll be compiled with comments like "Implement the stupid fucking logic that dipshit wanted").  


Second, QA.  Who checked the mailings?  "Ok, so I hit print?" "Yep, that'll print all 2000 of them." "Ok, they're printing now.  Should we look at them?"  "No, we'd better turn our backs and shut off the lights when we stuff them into the envelopes.  It'll be like a challenge!"
"accidentally"
I think bastard has a slightly different connotation there than it does in the U.S.
Snopes says it so that means two things:

1. It's certainly beyond a doubt true.

2. It belongs on the front page.
You're [all](http://www.globalrichlist.com/) rich bastards.
"Accidentally..." So that's what we call on purpose now a days, huh?
And you wonder why the world is how it is. The rich only care about their pecking order, while the slaves below perish for scraps.
clever bastard.  Be wrong on the internet everyone, loves a good story.  Even ones with rich bastards in them.   Reddit motto
I'm calling BS on it being an accident.
Obviously he's not rich, but he tries so hard to be rich bastards but not meeeee daddy!
You stupid, OP. You stupid people. 
Bullshit
LOL wealthy people with a sense of humor offer hope for humanity!
My first diving instructor (PADI Open Water to Divemaster all done with him) was an ex foreign legion guy. 

He was totally batshit insane and always pushed the boundaries of what's reasonable. I was cursing a lot during my courses because he made it FAR tougher than regular PADI courses...but I can't thank him enough now. Me and my brother actually puked more than once after his "endurance swimming exercises" and doing emergency ascents from 40m was pretty scary too at the start.

Had a diving emergency 2 years ago and to this day believe his insane training allowed me and my brother to come out alive. Without his training we would have likely panicked and died in a damn cave. 

RIP Francois, you're gone but not forgotten :(
I knew a guy who skipped out on parole to join up, said he wanted a fresh break at life. He lasted very little time before dropping out and running home. He complained they kept beating the shit out of him and making him sing in French. 

I think he deserved it. 
You know it's definitely past your bedtime when you find yourself reading the FL wikki and part of your brain thinks joining might be a good idea. 
Don't you automatically get French citizenship after five years? You'd think they'd sweeten the pot a little for getting shot.
This is true "life hack". Fucked up everywhere? Jail? Drugs? Whatever you did, you can go, make up a name and as long as you endure the training and the actual service (which supposedly is tough as fucking fuckballs) you are now French with a clean slate. "I`m Pasta Sombre, how ya doin?"
Compare that to how The Gurkha have been treated by the UK government. [From the Wikipedia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gurkha#Other):

&gt;The treatment of Gurkhas and their families was the subject of controversy in the United Kingdom once it became widely known that Gurkhas received smaller pensions than their British counterparts.[61] The nationality status of Gurkhas and their families was also an area of dispute, with claims that some ex-army Nepali families were being denied residency and forced to leave Britain. On 8 March 2007, the British Governmentannounced that all Gurkhas who signed up after 1 July 1997 would receive a pension equivalent to that of their British counterparts. In addition, Gurkhas would, for the first time, be able to transfer to another army unit after five years' service and women would also be allowed to join—although not in first-line units—conforming to the British Army's policy. The act also guaranteed residency rights in Britain for retired Gurkhas and their families.

&gt;Despite the changes, many Gurkhas who had not served long enough to entitle them to a pension faced hardship on their return to Nepal, and some critics derided the Government's decision to only award the new pension and citizenship entitlement to those joining after 1 July 1997, claiming that this left many ex-Gurkha servicemen still facing a financially uncertain retirement. A pressure group, Gurkha Justice Campaign,[62] joined the debate in support of the Gurkhas.

&gt;In a landmark ruling on 30 September 2008 the High Court in London decided that the Home Secretary's policy allowing Gurkhas who left the Army before 1997 to apply for settlement in the United Kingdom was irrationally restrictive in its criteria, and quashed it. In line with the ruling of the High Court the Home Office pledged to review all cases affected by this decision.[63]

&gt;On 29 April 2009 a motion in the House of Commons by the Liberal Democrats that all Gurkhas be offered an equal right of residence was passed by 267 votes to 246. This was the only first day motion defeat for a government since 1978. Nick Clegg, the Liberal Democrat leader, stated that "This is an immense victory [...] for the rights of Gurkhas who have been waiting so long for justice, a victory for Parliament, a victory for decency." He added that it was "the kind of thing people want this country to do".[64]

&gt;On 21 May 2009, the Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announced that all Gurkha veterans who retired before 1997 with at least four years service would be allowed to settle in the UK. The actress Joanna Lumley, daughter of Gurkha corps major James Lumley, who had highlighted the treatment of the Gurkhas and campaigned for their rights, commented: "This is the welcome we have always longed to give".[65]

**tldr:** The Gurkha are the Nepalese fighting force that fought for the British pre-independence and allied post-independence. There was a lot of crap about kicking out Gurkha families who had emigrated to the UK and not giving them the same pensions as other British army pensions. It took a long time but finally they get equal pensions and an equal chance to settle in the UK. It was pretty awful for a while though.

Edit: I don't really know too much about the subject so if my tldr or anything is wrong in any way, feel free to correct me.
I only got French citizenship through 6 years of residence, hard studies, stable work and honesty (taxes, criminal record and shit).

It sounds like I missed on the most metal way to acquire it.
That seems fair.

Not giving the promised citizenship to someone who couldn't finish his contract because he got shot on the job would be a bit of a dick move.
The whole world was saying: France is in danger

Barbarians tomorrow, will camp in this fields

Then, this men we called "Foreigner"

From the Latin mountains or Hellenic shores 



Or from the overseas border,who started to think

About the fate that threatened human freedoms

Came to us , giving himself with a free and light heart

In our ranks sprang upon the Germanic hordes




Four years he toiled, fought, bled, suffered! 

And then one night, he fell, in this hell ..

Who knows if the stranger who sleeps under the great arch




Combining his epic glory to the pride of the past 

Is not this stranger who became son of France

Not by the blood received but by the blood shed.

--------------------------------------------------------------


Le monde entier disait : la France est en danger

Les barbares demain, camperont dans ses plaines

Alors, cet homme que nous nommions "l'étranger"

Issus des monts latins ou des rives hellènes






Ou des bords d'outre-mers, s'étant pris à songer

Au sort qui menaçait les libertés humaines

Vint à nous, et s'offrant d'un cœur libre et léger

Dans nos rangs s'élança sur les hordes germaines






Quatre ans, il a peiné, lutté, saigné, souffert !

Et puis un soir, il est tombé, dans cet enfer..

Qui sait si l'inconnu qui dort sous l'arche immense









Mêlant sa gloire épique aux orgueils du passé

N'est pas cet étranger devenu fils de France

Non par le sang reçu mais par le sang versé.



Pascal BONETTI - 1920



I tried to translate as best as I could, please point out if something is wrong



My grandfather was a German Jew who was a decorated German veteran of WWI, and who joined the French Foreign Legion and was part of the Free French army in North Africa during WWII, fighting Germany. Of course, gaining French citizenship then didn't end up being a big win, since they fell hard to the Nazis and the Vichy puppet government was set up to deport Jews.
Friend of mine was in the Legion, apparently the rest of the French military treat them like dirt. He has an awful story where he escorted his best friend's body home from Afghanistan and was then denied entry to the funeral. Despicable. 

He has a good one about the two IDs though - was on leave, came home, got picked up by police at a train station when a sniffer dog smelt the weed he had on him, then the cops were super nasty when they found he had two passports on him, from two different countries in two different names. 

Also much talk along the lines of "do as much drugs as you like and just bribe the medic when you're tested", and people getting their paycheck after a tour but owing it all anyway from drugs and gambling. 

Sounds like a really, really hard life. 
I actually went to join the French Foreign Legion last year, i lasted a few days but didn't make the cut, they have so many applicants, people flooding in wanting to be Legionaries so most people are unsuccessful the first time.

Most of the things people say about the Legion are simply un true.

Of course the Legion enjoys it's reputations and doesn't correct any of the misconceptions. 
You have to get shot/stabbed just to get the application forms?
*Jus sanguinis* doesn't happen immediately, and it isn't the only way a legionnaire can acquire French citizenship. FFL members can also apply for citizenship after serving three years of their five-year term of service as well, but nothing is guaranteed. There are many requirements. For example, soldiers must pay back taxes on the salary they drew during their service (which itself is a pittance, really), and they must have served honorably; commanding officers will be contacted to verify that, indeed, the applicant isn't a douche. Outstanding warrants with Interpol are an automatic dealbreaker, and even other, lesser legal troubles in your home country can be a disqualifier, too. You must serve under your real name as well, not your [*nom de guerre*](http://www.thefreedictionary.com/nom+de+guerre).

The old days of murderers and rapists running off to the FFL for a "fresh start at life" under a new name has long past.

----

^(*source: very seriously considered volunteering, researched exhaustively.*)
As a Frenchmen I can tell you that aside the citizen member of legion got a lot of respect from the French.
They're the most applause when they walk on the champs elysee on July 14th.

Small detail to show how bad ass they are, they're the last one to parade because they don't have the same walk speed as other military. Walking slower because that the way they roll. 


A friend of mine is FFL, he's a complete badass. I could ask him for an AMA if there is interest.

He also flies RC jet planes as a hobby.

Edit: I'll send him a message over FB tomorrow, I'll see if he wants to do it. What's the best way to go about this? Contact the AMA moderators first?

**Extra edit**: sorry guys, talked to him, and he said his service is his private life, and he only shares with people he trusts.

Sorry to get your hopes up!
If your killed in the FFL it's significance goes beyond a posthumous nicety. If you come from a rough place it gives your immediate family a route to a better life with French status as you died a citizen.
Ive thought for some time that this was an opprotunity in the USA as well, even more inclusive.  That if you wish to be an american citizen, you can enlist and serve in the us military, earning that citizenship, for a minimum specific time.
Bear Grylls did a show about the legion a while back:



http://www.beargrylls.com/escape-to-the-legion/


&gt; Bear filmed a four-part TV show in 2005, called Escape to the Legion, which followed Grylls and eleven other “recruits” as they took part in a shortened re-creation of the French Foreign Legion’s basic desert training in the Sahara. The show was broadcast in the UK on Channel 4, and in the USA on the Military Channel. In 2008, it was repeated in the UK on the History Channel


Its on youtube.



Be a Syrian refugee 

Join French foreign legion 

Shoot self in foot during combat 

Become French citizen 

Complain about refugees using our resources and being terrorists 
I got the chance to meet some FFL guys a few years back while in Serbia.  I happened to be the only Marine on some little tiny ass base we were at at the time and I hear these dudes screaming "hey look it's a US Marine, HEY Marine, stop!!!!"  They were from a far and I figure I was about to get my ass chewed out for something stupid like a lot of Marines do.  

So I stopped and noticed who they were.  Anyway they had never met a US Marine before and all wanted to take pictures with me. I wished I'd had a camera that day to get some as well. I gave them my email but I guess They forgot to send it. Must have tool 5-6 pics on total. We chatted for a bit and they asked about our training and all that but overall they were just a great bunch of guys in my opinion. Last I ever seen them during my deployment but thought it was cool. 
/r/FrenchForeignLegion
The FFL is basically a real life Night's Watch.
ELI5: What would motivate a non-national to join a French military service?
But how much spilled blood? Bad shave while in uniform counts?
This bit is fascinating:

&gt; The Syria–Lebanon Campaign of June 1941 saw legionnaire fighting legionnaire as the 13th Demi-Brigade of the Foreign Legion (D.B.L.E.) clashed with the 6th Foreign Infantry Regiment at Damascus. Later, a thousand of the rank-and-file of the Vichy Legion unit joined the 13th D.B.L.E. of the Free French forces as a third battalion.
Yet another good reason to avoid being wounded in battle.
I tried to join the FFL while I was going through a pretty shit stage of my life... It was like six months ago. Didn't speak a lick of French, but somehow made it to Augbagne or whatever, got to the base, handed my passport to the guy through the window, and was told to wait. Some black guy from Madagascar came about 20 minutes after me and did the same thing. Anyway I'm a lanky weak fuck that did a lot of drugs the last four years so I failed the fitness test at the door (Chin ups man, too weak for that). Probably for the best, I would've gotten fucked up in the Legion I reckon.
That's interesting. If the US military had a similar policy, that would have helped all the Canadian volunteers who fought in the American/Vietnam war.
My brother in law was in the French Foreign Legion for 5 years. He used to put it on his resume after attending law school. He got loads of invites just out of pure curiosity.. or lawyers with sniper and minesweeping training were high in demand at the time.
When I was in the French army doing my mandatory service like any other kid, we had to share our camp with the legion.

One day, we where waiting in line outside our canteen, we were supposed to always let the legion get in first. Something that would piss us off since their walking is slower than others, we would have to wait ages for them to get to the canteen... 

So,  we were waiting... 

And then we saw their group coming, 5 of them were with black eyes and bruises everywhere. 

The previous night, they had been to a bar where a rugby team was celebrating the match third period... 

Alcohol, fight, 5 guys in one side, almost an entire rugby team on the other side.... 

 rugby team didn't play for a while, no spare players... 

Now, bruises and black eyes had been done by their fellow légionnaires, to teach them how to behave... 
I wonder if 'defending France' has the same kind of definition as 'protecting America'? Does fighting in Mali against some rebels count as defending France?
Think about those guys who work so hard, who put their lives in danger to join the Légion and protect France's interests in order to gain the citizenship.... and then think about   those subhumans djihadists who are lucky enough to be born with it and decide to blow it away in all meanings of the word. 
Maybe It's also worth saying that the children of any member of the Foreign Legion, who died in battle, can also become a French citizen, as he would have been able to if his parent hadn't died.

[Source](http://www.senat.fr/questions/base/1999/qSEQ991120266.html)
My worst case scenario plan if my life went to shit was to buy a ticket to Paris and enlist.

I think they've made changes to their policies now though...
I met a Belgian guy in Alaska who was in the FFL, and said he was on the ground in Somalia for the Black Hawk Down incident. It's definitely not mentioned in the movie that the FFL was in the middle of that battle. Pretty interesting. 
Where do you theenk I got thees Outraaageous aaaacent?
I thought you got French citizenship just for joining, isn't that the whole point?
I thought about joining when I was younger right after I did my 4 in the Corps. I realized I wasn't tough enough- fist fighting tough though 
What's the first place, and why they can be asked the more you know nothing Jon?
I've been in the French Military for several years.
I had some trainnings with the Legion, in Caylus camp, for the most.
Legionnaires are often guys from the western Europe, they just want to leave their hopeless life and try something hard.

There is a lot of french guys, they join this "Arme" for the challenge and the prestige.
[Service means citizenship!](http://i.imgur.com/0UYt9Rk.jpg)
To be fair, blood spilled or not, I think a certain number of years service for France should qualify you for French citizenship.
I was watching a doc on the Foreign Legion and apparently they have an application process now and a lot of people are rejected. On top of that, they won't let in people that have major crimes now, such as murder.
The Legion no longer accepts criminals for the most part.  They check interpol and other agencies for criminal records and turn down recruits based on their criminal status. That's what they claim at least. 
Sad to admit, this is my first time hearing about the French Foreign Legion and I'm very intrigued.  Basically the French version of taking the Black?
Also do they actually have to wear the white cap out in public all the time?  
Those are some real bad ass people, unlike those special forces/navy seals girls from the usa :P
Step 1: Join French Foreign Legion

Step 2: Shoot yourself in the foot

Step 3: ???

Step 4: Citizenship (profit)
So this is basically a real life version of the nights watch. HYPE
That's pretty much par for the course. If you do well, you get beaten, if you fuck up, you get beaten, if you don't learn your french fast enough you get beaten.
"The French army is reporting an influx of applicants of the chubby computery type requesting to use their reddit names as their new names.  French officials carefully considering a new model of computer based warfare within the Legion."
Weird. The FFL keeps popping up lately. Funny, because the FFL has long been a mental eject button for me. You can be up to 39.5 years old and join it. I'm single, no wife, no kids, and my job is boring and a bit annoying. My time runs out in February. Still time . . . 
"Apply". 
For anyone with any real questions here is a link to the [legions own subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/FrenchForeignLegion/).
We need an AMA from a Legionaries 
If Jean Claude van damme can do it, anybody can.
[Apply to the *Légion étrangère* today!](http://en.legion-etrangere.com/)

[The hand thing?](http://www.mercenary-wars.net/photos/f-legion/001.jpg)

I've got to say, without reading into this much at all this is fucking awesome. I doubt it's as awesome as it reads but still the principle itself is great. 
https://youtu.be/pXk-WzpsumA
So being in the French Foreign Legion is like one of those free memberships you can join that don't really give you any benefits but after a while and doing certain things you can be a true member with actual benefits.
Papercut...wheres my passport?!
Are there any good French Foreign Legion movies?
Oh, so they can *apply*, how generous.
Couldn't someone just sue the legion for beating them?
He wasn't a guy who took risks just for their commitment the nation is grateful... feels appropriate, when you find yourself reading the FL wikki and part of the legion.
Reminds me of the Saint Crispians Day Speech (though the French were the other guys in that fight) 

We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;
For he to-day that sheds his blood with me
Shall be my brother; be he ne’er so vile,
This day shall gentle his condition;

I don't have the spine for it or the need for it but it is a tremendous honor and for those who taken I suspect worth the sacrifice 
Dudes that stopped the bad guy on the French train - didn't get honored in this way? 
This is all because I posted a Poland ball comic about them?

Taiwan #1
Aren't signing up for foreign armies in the U.S. Illegal? I take it they don't have many Americans. Second question, what other badass foreign armies are there?
How barbaric.
Note that applying and being a citizen are two very different things
And just think about how we treat some of our veterans
http://www.rawstory.com/2015/11/muslim-marine-masterfully-bashes-trump-by-posting-his-military-id-badge-wheres-yours/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6rjCvgRkq0
They mentioned this in Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker and Metal Gear Rising a fair bit. There were a couple of French and Algerian characters in the games 
Not giving the promised citizenship to someone who fucked up life between and after these wars.
do paper cuts count?
Sucks if you were part of the legion for 20 years but were never injured.
As feared, there were two of them, and with a serious touch of crazy.
We were just talking about this at work last Friday. 
I've never actually seen the FFL but I've been places where they have operated. I think it would be awesome to work with them. 
Just listen to the french national anthem. Those guys don't fuck around. Fighting with honor is what they do.
Recommended book: [Simon Murray - Legionnaire](http://www.amazon.com/Legionnaire-Years-French-Foreign-Legion/dp/0891418873)
A trucker we sometimes use always tells us about his time in the FFL. He is a weird guy.
Do you have a source for the fun of it, he knew what he was a safer goal, and that's what he and my brother.
Sounds exploitable.
There is a nice documentary with Bear Grylls in the Foreign Legion. I believe full versions can be found on youtube. 
The U.S is pretty much the same. Served 4 years, 2 combat deployments. The U.S government basically just handed it to me, applied and was sworn in 2 months later. 2 months!
A brutal training course,one papercut and your French. Seems fair
Baise ouais !
I think I read somewhere if you were born in Louisiana you had a right to claim French citizenship too. Anyone know if this is correct?
Is it true that during World War 1, anyone in the French Foreign Legion who was captured would be executed?
So sign up, shoot self in foot during "battle", become dirty Frenchman,......, profit!
In the us army all you have to do is make it through basic entry training and then you are a us citizen. 
Or you could join ISIS, stroll across the border, tell the French you are 16 and a poor child referee


Or, you could go into the U.S. military and fill out a form.
We should have this in the US for people who join the armed forces. 
We should have this in the US for people who join the armed forces.
The Bear Grylls series he did a while back on the legion was pretty cool. 
How generous of them to make people risk their lives for them and then only consider them citizens until they've almost died.
He just likes them young and doesn't correct any of the choking scene in full metal jacket Good in depth read.
I think if you prepare properly and are trained well, you get beaten, if you speak French well and are well behaved/liked.
They have changed the rules in recent years.  It used to be you could join without revealing your true identity and eventually get citizenship, through several ways, all without ever revealing your true identity (great if you're wanted in another country).  They changed it so you have to give them your true identity before you get citizenship.  If it turns out you have a warrant with a country they have an extradition treaty with, they will extradite you.  If it turns out you are a generally bad person, you won't get citizenship.  You can still join and serve without giving your real name, but you can't become a French citizen.

So ya you could spill blood for France but that doesn't guarantee your citizenship.
As well as the Legion's loyalty to Legionnaires, it's well worth noting the Legionnaire's loyalty to the Legion.

My favourite story of this comes from Bernard Fall's *Hell In A Very Small Place.*

Some German Legionnaires were captured part-way through the Siege of Dien Bien Phu. They were held in a prison camp close to the besieged fortress with other prisoners. Part of their captivity was the usual communist re-education lectures.

The German Legionnaires figured that their only business now was to survive. They formed a cheering section for the Commissar giving the lectures, applauding the loss of each strongpoint at Dien Bien Phu as it was announced to them. For this, they got better treatment and food.  (Of the roughly 40,000 prisoners taken by the Vietminh during the war, only something like 1 in 4 returned alive.)

One day, the Commissar announced the fall of strongpoint Huguette. Stony silence from the Legion cheering section.

He repeated the announcement, thinking they hadn't heard him.

Still, silence.

Getting angry, he demanded to know why the German Legionnaires weren't cheering.

&amp;nbsp;
The Germans looked at eachother, then began to sing:

&amp;nbsp;

*Ich hatt' einen Kameraden,
Einen bessern findst du nit...*

I once had a comrade,
You will find no better.

[Ich hatt' einen Kameraden](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35Ew9z0Hwe4)

&amp;nbsp;

Huguette, unlike the other strongpoints who's capture they'd cheered, was held by the Legion.

And Legio Patria Nostra.

Spoiler! Jon Snow is dead 
But then you would be wounded AND French.

All jokes aside. French people make bitchin' cheese, wine and hard sausages that are worth defending.
In the Legion, they give you french citizenship if you give up your old identity- The more interesting part is this, They assign you a name and background upon initial selection to join the Legion's Boot Camp
Yet another good reason to avoid being wounded in battle.
One of Napoleon's many curious inventions. 
Why don't they send the FFL to fight ISIS?
The French don't even use their own to invade other countries. 
and you can apply for Swedish citizenship (with benefits and no obligation to work) if you cross the nefarious shadow lands of Denmark and Germany. War criminals and jihadists may also apply!!
Oww I stubbed my toe and it's BLEEDING! I was wounded!
Although as things as they are, you can basically just enter and become a french citizen right.
There should be ano American Foreign Legion. 
To be fair anyone can apply for france citizenship, it's whether your application is accepted and approved that matters
TIL the french foreign legion is a shady ass breeding ground for "violence professionals".
Sounds great, until you realise you'd be French :P
What in the fuck....

Why do people promote absolutely idiotic feel good bullshit?!??

The entire world is racist. Yet whites are being fooled into accepting an agenda created by new world order scum bags.
Why don't they send the FFL to fight ISIS?
Its changed alot now, if your wanted for murder or certain aspects of organized criminal activity.
The only reason I know about the French Foreign Legion is because of that show deadliest warrior  
That... Might be an easy way to become an EU citisten.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/propaganda] [French war propaganda on my front page today](https://np.reddit.com/r/propaganda/comments/3udfq5/french_war_propaganda_on_my_front_page_today/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Also when I'm strangling a man of the legionnaires are clean shaven wearing the keppe blanc.
Why would anybody be French VOLUNTARILY
and now they give away citizenship for free to sand niggers.
[deleted]
i know there's a starship troopers reference in there somewhere
But then u end of owing a ton of taxes after becoming French 
Also any member of ISIS can immediately apply for French citizenship as he is 'French by spilling French blood.'
This gets posted here once a month.
"I see on your application it says you had a paper cut while retrieving prints from the copy room in the FFL. Welcome to France!"
Also, if you run away without a shot fired, you can similarly be a French citizen.

One can find the guns later on craigslist under the listing "French Rifle. Almost New. Dropped once never fired."
ISIS are basically the French Foreign Legion for Muslims. Young guys need to fight. Ignore nature at your peril.
French Legion is just an army of criminals.
A whole generation of my country got kidnapped to fight on this legion on WWII... the least they can do is to disband it.

Edit: A very one sided place like Reddit is not the best place for me, Bye.
They actually announced the closing of [19 prisons shortly afterwards.](http://jcjusticecenter.com/2013/09/14/netherlands-closing-19-prisons-due-to-lack-of-criminals/)

The progressive drug laws they have make a really big difference in incarceration rates, but it's not the only factor.
&gt;Declining crime rates in the Netherlands mean that although the country has the capacity for 14,000 prisoners, there are only 12,000 detainees

12k prisoners per population of 17 million. That equates to 225k per US population of 319million. Current US prisons house 1.57 million. US has more criminals by a factor of 7 !
Oh, we lock people up over here, we love this headline but it's really nonsense. At first, everybody had his own private little cel, now everybody has been transferred to a dual person cel. And, we have a system in place that allows a percentage of people who have to do minor jailtime, to do this time at home. I don't know the English word for it, bit its a device you wear on your ankle. Grounded. 

We had to make a really big budget cut, and this was our answer. 
In the US we don't let s lack of criminals stop us, we just redefine what a criminal is to keep them prisons full and their private owners' pockets lined baby.
And....they are renting out prison space to the Norwegians so they can store their criminals in the Netherlands.  
Other Netherlands front page headlines today:

DUTCH WOMAN SNEEZES, TOLD 'BLESS YOU' BY 1 MILLION DO-GOODERS

13 YEAR OLD PRODIGY SOLVES WORLD HUNGER WITH FOOD-PRODUCING DUTCH BICYCLE

ALL SPIDERS MIGRATE TO BELGIUM

CANDY BARS SUDDENLY FALL FROM SKY ... STILL RAINING CANDY 
The main factor leading to the "lack of criminals" is not a lower crime rate, but a lower conviction rate. Several journalists and Dutch sources have pointed out that this is likely caused by the current reforms of the police organisation (regional offices are replaced by a national police force ("Nationale Politie")). As such, the police is devoting less resources to investigations and more to internal reforms. See also (in Dutch) : https://robzijlstra.wordpress.com/2009/09/18/opgepimpt/.
Nederdraad!

Nederlanders alsjeblieft de karma trein instappen!
And then the facts hit Reddit.

http://nos.nl/artikel/2015971-12-000-veroordeelden-lopen-vrij-rond.html

12.000 criminals are not in jail but should be. Convicted and all but nobody is really trying to pick them up.


we have plenty of criminals, just not enough police to catch the
Man, good for them. Now let's compare this to the U.S. prison system and how it's *wrong* that so many minorities are in prison! We should close all our prisons! It's not we have, you know, lots of people that *break the law* or anything.
As a Dutch person i have to say that i dont trust the official statements about the closing of prisons. My person feeling says that its about finances and lack of convictions. 

Locking people up, taking care of them including medical expenses etc is expensive. 
Rapist, molesters, drunk drivers, reckless drivers who killed people have all been convicted and given community services sentences without jail time.
Much cheaper to do this then locking people up. Its a form of cutting the budget.

Secondly, roughly 2% of all crimes committed in the Netherlands get solved, been like this for many years.
So there arent enough convictions to fill prisons to begin with cause our police and justice system is weak, under staffed and have their priories wrong.
Crime pays in this country and criminals have a pretty much clear playing field to play in with much troubles from the law.
If you are looking for criminals in the Netherlands, I invite you to come to my neighbourhood. You will find them breaking into the houses while people are sleeping upstairs.
Plot twist...

Dutch prisoners are getting put in cells with another cell mate. 2 for 1

It's all about the money over here too. 
Huge difference between "lack of criminals" and "lack of convicted". 
The US headline would read 'Hundreds of Corrections Officers without jobs after prisons close'. 
I'm from Texas can we send ours to them. We have overcrowding
ITT: "Fuck the US."
So [Belgium rented dutch prisons](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1248947/Belgium-sends-500-inmates-Netherlands-renting-prison-26m-year.html) for a while, because belgian prisons were old and overcrowded. This arrangement [ended recently](http://www.flanderstoday.eu/politics/belgian-government-end-agreement-rent-dutch-prison-cells).
TIL [Rikers Island](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rikers_Island) apparently averages about the same number of inmates as the entire prison population of the Netherlands.  (Rikers houses 14,000 on average, OP article says Netherlands has 12,000 total detainees)
I wonder how you could repurpose a decommissioned prison building?
"All these empty prisons... What are we gonna do?" 

Must be a nice problem for a country to have
I didn't read the comments, but I bet about half way down I'll find people saying it's because it's racially homogenous and that'll end soon because of Muslims. 
That's more due to an amazingly lax justice system. People get away with way too much in the Netherlands.

Meanwhile, god knows how many aspiring and actual IS recruits are happily trodding around flagged as "potentially dangerous" but with all the freedom in the world to spread their venom.
The U.S will take them. We believe fully in blind punishment.
Oh nice to know, want 10,000 refugees?
This is laughably untrue.

Check out the crime rates on [eurostat](http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/File:Violent_crimes_recorded_by_the_police,_2002%E2%80%9312_YB14.png) the netherlands had 123k violent crimes in 2012.

In real life, european countries are often just very lenient on criminals, often giving violent offenders less than 90 days in jail or probation.
Confirmed. Live in The Netherlands. We even rent out jails to other countries so that they can house their criminals in our jails. Such as Belgium and Norway. My dad was head of technical department of our biggest prison. They are going to close it down.
Allright.. as a dutch person i feel the need to comment to this. 
There is a lot of frustration on this subject because, and let's get real now, shit happens a lot. There is plenty of petty crime. There is plenty of youth from "problem" areas causing shit and small crime. I live in a large city so i know. Bike theft happens on a daily basis. Drugs are being dealed in certain areas of the city. Our problems aren't different from any other country or big city i guess.

However, we handle things differently. Many people in the Netherlands fucking hate this. But what they are forgetting is that if laws change they will also apply to them! So the harsh approach on the "thugs" will also apply on them speeding for example. 

I for one don't want a macho asshole sunglasses wearing cop to tell me to get out of my veHICle  and place my arms on top of the car. I'd rather have it as it is now. A civilized talk and maybe a warning for my headlight being broken or whatever. 

This attitude of the police is being mistaken for weakness of the police by many! The fact is that our police isn't weak at all. They are polite and are here to serve us. If you are polite there usually is no problem. And if some asshole starts yelling at them, yes the police will stay calm and not shoot him on sight. GOOD! But be sure that there will be taken note of this induvidual's behaviour. There will be a report somewhere. And when shit get's real with assholes like this drawers will be opened. 

I for one feel good about this approach. If i have a bad day and yell at a cop i shouldn't go to jail for that. Neither should anyone else. If i am a piece of shit and do something dumb and a cop pulls me over and i start screaming or something. I shouldn't go to jail.. BUT make a note.. then when i rob a gass station there is a history and punish me accordingly to my "record".

I like being dutch.. I like living in this flat country despite our problems.. I like our police.. How many of you non dutchies can say that about your police?
I went to Amsterdam and someone attempted to pickpocket me about a block away from the police station.  I went to the police station to report it.  They took no report and refused to come with me so I could show them who it was.  I went back and saw the guy still trying to pickpocket other people in the exact same place.   I'm guessing THATS the reason why there are a lack of criminals in prison.  Police just don't give a fuck enough to arrest them.  
TIL:The Netherlands have closed 16 more prisons ever since this article was posted on reddit the first time. 
I don't know whether it is because of our lack of criminals or the lack of punishment to criminals in our country.
Wow! So what does the demographics look like in Norway? (Yeah... about what I expected)
I have some friends in Holland and they talked a lot about this in the past. They seemed to think it was primarily due to 2 reasons (and not related to the drug laws in Amsterdam): 

1. When the Iron Curtain fell the Netherlands was overrun with criminals coming from Eastern Europe during the early 90s. Car thefts, muggings, etc were very common. The police were very busy and they arrested a ton of people and had to put them somewhere. Most people arrested for theft 20 years ago are no longer in jail.
2. Nowadays they try to put people back to work if they have a job, so they attach ankle bracelets and monitor them all the time. This saves a ton of money (something like $50k a year). It's kinda of like a halfway house in the USA but more technological (and harder to cheat).

Edit: Btw that was a horrible article to make it all the way to the top of the front page, It wasn't even about the prison system in Holland, just mentioned it and didn't say anything about why they have closed so many prisons. 
"The progressive drug laws they have make a really big difference in incarceration rates, but it's not the only factor."
True, but it is a huge factor. The Allies stopped the Nazi's, and the end of the holocaust was but one factor, but it was one hell of a factor.
To the point of application and learning in the US, ZERO impact. Our leaders at the federal level specifically, (by and large) know what they are and are not doing is not working, is wrong and not an answer to our problems. They profit from the system as is, and they do not seek change.
They *closed* prisons?! That's un-Americ... oh. Nvmd.
I encourage all redditors to move to The Netherlands.
They must have a small minority population. 
why do a crime when you can smoke weed and be happy?
That's why I like my country. We don't lock up people like America does. We throw in the ones that pose a real danger. Don't get me wrong though, we still have heated discussion about criminals that get a too soft sentence. 

Nevertheless... Even I did something that would get me locked up in America for years... In the Netherlands I got community service (and in case you ask: hacking, so it was a proper sentence imho) 
Due to lack of criminals or due to lack of criminals being caught? Lol
It must be pretty depressing reading this in America knowing that this could never happen there under the current system.
Damn. The US needs to step up their game. 

Legalizing Marijuana would be a start 
And back in America we open 10 more.
one of the most socialist country has the lowest crime rate? this cant be right ....
We should pay the Netherlands to house some of our prisoners and actually rehabilitate them.
Make everything legal = less criminals
In the US they'd just make it illegal to tie your shoes in public or something to fill them up
Lack of Private Prison owners giving campaign contributions to candidates for public office.
Meanwhile in the US: for profit companies build prisons and then spend millions of dollars lobbying for stricter laws so they can fill more beds and get larger checks from the government.
Wait a while. The Muslims are coming.
Guessing they are not for profit prisons like here in the US. Locking up non violent offenders is like a national sport for police agencies.
Let in a bunch of refugees.  They will be filled up again soon enough.
Don't worry, with the advent of mass immigration to Europe, those prisons will be back up and running in no time!
It seems that Netherlands needs some Romanian politicians and prosecutors
That's legalization for you. And oh wonder, you dont send people in jail that come out worse or even radicalized.

And you grab money and jobs out of it too ? And avoid people smoking badly cut stuff ? And make it less of a temptation to defy authority and start smoking at 12 ?

WHY THE FUCK DID YOU DO THAT NETHERLANDS ? WHY MAKE SO MUCH SENSE ?
Brag about it.

But really Sweden and and the Netherlands have great prison systems.
I read this as 'The Neanderthals closed eight prisons'. Twice. And was very confused for a while.
Before people start with the bullshit "OMG the reason the US has so many people in prisons is are EVIL DRUG LAWS" here is something to remember:

1) Less than 20% of the US prison population are in there for drugs. I know people like to spout bullshit that is is 50%. False. 100% lie. 

2) Of that about 20% that are in the US prisons for drugs a majority are going to be in there for:

  A) Hardcore drugs. Not fucking pot. 
  
B) Many commit other crimes but the drug charge is the one that sticks because it is much easier to prosecute and have longer sentences.

  C) Many are dealers/traffickers and not users. Those people are not magically going to stop being criminals if drugs became legal. They move on to another criminal endeavor.


I know facts are a bitch and it is easier for Reddit Retards to just say "OMG PRIVATE PRISONS AND THE WAR ON POT ARE REASON SO MANY PEOPLE ARE IN PRISON!!!" but it is complete and utter bullshit.

PS:
Also, while the Netherlands does have a 'lax' drug policy compared to the US there is a TON of bullshit about it. 

First, the Netherlands have mostly decriminalized drug USE but they divert the resources saved to go after dealers/smugglers. 

I know it is one big "OH the Dutch love drugs!"
False. Drugs are heavily frowned upon (Including pot) but the Dutch have chosen to pick their battles and let people smoke some pot and take some shrooms as long as they keep it quite.

Second, and this is my favorite: The Dutch are starting to throw out their tolerant drug policy and do so FAST.

1) Growing your own pot is now illegal and they are mounting IR cameras on drones to find people growing pot in their home.

2) Pot above 15% THC is now totally illegal and is in the same class as heroin.

3) Many municipalities are cracking down and have major de facto bans on pot. The amount of legal 'coffee shops' has plummeted over the last few years.


[deleted]
Scandanvia and the Netherlands in general actually make attempts to help and rehabilitate people who wind up in prison. North America remains in the 1800s as far as that goes. Canada has an 80% recidivism rate because Canada can't be bothered to rehabilitate and instead chooses to punish. the States is the same, but the prisons system is a tier of slavery as it is for profit and prisoners are used to generate cash.

There is a lot of weirdness like that in so called developed nations.
The amount of poorly informed comments in this thread (mostly from Americans) is seriously astounding. I weep for humanity. 
It's tempting to immediately contrast this with the US prison system, (which I see many people doing) but it's not fair to compare the US to small, culturally homogeneous, affluent countries with slow population growth. Our system has big problems, but it's nothing to do with the Netherlands.
If you look at the numbers, 8 prisons closed due to being 2,000 prisoners under maximum capacity, and it's reasonable to assume they wouldn't close prisons to meet max capacity, they were probably very small, old, inefficient jails.  
* Netherlands is [78.31% white](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_the_Netherlands#Migration_and_ethnicity)

* US is [63.7% white](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_the_United_States#Race_and_ethnicity), 12.2% Black and 16.4% Hispanic

* United States has [5.5% foreign prisoners](http://www.prisonstudies.org/country/united-states-america), Netherlands [23.2% foreign prisoners](http://www.prisonstudies.org/country/netherlands)

* [34.0%](https://www.bop.gov/about/statistics/statistics_inmate_ethnicity.jsp) of US prisons are Hispanic and [37.7%](https://www.bop.gov/about/statistics/statistics_inmate_race.jsp) are black

* 71.7% of the US prison population is Hispanic and black
A few months later "Netherlands opens 8 new prisons to keep up with demands created by refugee influx"
It not because of a lack of criminals. It's because they changed the minimum sentencing for certain crimes and changed what constitutes a crime. What would get you 2-5 years in prison now gets you house arrest and rehab. So less criminals in prison.
In what span of time are we talking?
Or due to extremely lenient sentencing. Or just straight up decriminalising certain offences that would put you in prison in other countries.
Relevant: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRfluaMKoOY
They need some refugees.
That would never happen in the U.S. 

"Not enough criminals, you say?! Make more laws!"
Too bad we can't get their health care system, social system, education system, and prison system here in the US. Make this country a great place to live instead of the nightmare it is today.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_the_Netherlands

90%+ white country has low crime.

Remember goyim, scientific empirical evidence and statistics are racist! You do not want to be labeled antisemitic do you goy?

"Black lives matter, not all lives matter" -Bernie 'No Goyim Should Own A Gun' Sanders 

Bernie will be the first Jewish President of the United States of America. It is simply a coincidence that he wants to ban firearm ownership for all goy. Simply a coincidence!

*rubs hands greedily together*
Good on the Low Country for actively helping people instead of setting up the prison-indistrial complex where it encourage people to be criminals. 
MUST BE NICE.
aka no black people live in the netherlands
Not difficult... 17 million people, mostly the same race and bound by a united culture.  Also, a moderate to cold+ climate.  

Crime rates this low are expected.  
How the Dutch respond to something like this:  "Oh yay!  I live in a safe society and our government can save money for things like education and healthcare!" 

How Americans respond to something like this:  "OMG LOST PROFITS!!!!  HOW WILL OUR PRIVATE PRISON CORPORATIONS EVER RECOVER!?!?  SELL ALL OUR SHARES!!!!!" 
Oh don't worry, once those muslim and African refugees arrive that will change very rapidly. Netherlands is due for a cultural enrichment. 
&gt;It came after Chief Inspector of Prisons Nick Hardwick said the rising pressure on prisons from budget cuts and increasing numbers cannot go on indefinitely.

This could be problematic.
Saw a presentation on this recently at at international Corrections conference. To keep prisons open they also rent them to other countries  - Belgium and Poland from memory. 
Challenge Accepted!
Norway is renting a prison in the Netherlands to offload the Norwegian prisons! 

They even made a commercial to tell Norwegian inmates what a great prison it was to motivate inmates to go there!
Hopefully all those prison guards can finds jobs. 
Too bad now that private interests are involved in the US system, there is zero incentive to start incarcerating fewer people.
In Canada, our just-thrown-out-on-his-ear ex-Prime Minister, Stephen "Tough On Crime" Harper, had shortly before his removal committed us to a C$4 billion (U$3B) expansion of the prison system, adding 40% more holding space - despite national crime levels having dropped to their lowest levels since 1961 - when he himself was *three years old*. 

We're a fairly law-abiding bunch. Last year our incarceration rate was just 0.06%: on an average day, out of a population of 35 million, just 10,000 Canadians were serving sentences, and 11,500 remanded and awaiting trial/sentencing. Nonetheless, Mr. Harper was hot-to-trot to spend an additional C$500,000 for every one of the 8,000 unneeded beds he added. 
Yeah not like us where we will steal other nations prisoners to fill ours. Or better yet create idiotic laws that make no sense that only benefit the people writing the laws...
can we send some of ours there?
A great way to change to lower the rates of criminals in a nation is to redefine the laws determining what a criminal is.

Ours are too strict in many areas, especially drugs.
Yup yup, EU has some fantastic countries.  And Switzerland has among one of the highest gun ownership per capita and about one of the lowest crime rate countries in the world.

America's doing it wrong, they ran out of room years ago and all the prison systems are overcrowded almost 3:1.  But they don't really care, it generates money for the system.
NEDERDRAAD
We have some they can have. Hell, Atlanta might be able to fill one by itself. Yay hometown!
need some islamist's ?
Maybe we should just outsource all our prisoning.

Rather than sending terrorist to third-world countries to be tortured, let's send regular prisoners to the Nordics to be rehabilitated. I'm sure it would save us money in the end lol
well they could proberbly rent i out to the danish goverment cuz all those cutbacks they are doing to the social security/wellfare i foresee crime rise alot in the future
Well if you get more criminals at any point, feel free to send them to America. Our prison-industrial complex is hungry and if we can't fill the prisons, we'll just have to arrest more people unjustly for victimless crimes.
The prison in "Veenhuizen" currently even houses 240 Norwegian prisoners. 

http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2015/08/first-norwegian-prisoners-due-in-veenhuizen-jail-this-week/
They even take our criminals(from Belgium).. 
Easy housing for refugees..don't lock the cells but this is easy containment and a better life for them. 

Equipped to handle large scale cooking and sleeping. 
But, but, but they have socialized medicine so they're like Nazi's but like Chinese/Vietnamese/Stalin Nazis right? I keep hearing that if my country gets more social services and like actually takes care of its ppl that the next step is tyranny and work camps.
Our society would be so much better if we just let all our prisoners go and didn't lock up anymore up.  /s 
In the U.S they would have just ramped up arrests. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRfluaMKoOY

It's obviously not like this at all. They have a good system. Funny though :)
Should keep them. Lots of isis cell suspects around.
Should have outsourced them. Or insourced them?... Let other countries outsource criminals to you.

Wait...
Here in the States we just up our arrests to fill them back up! Better get with the program Netherlands /s
I know a lot of ppl on this thread is arguing about prisons in the US. But my only question is, can we rent those prisons?
Don't they understand that's bad for business?
We need US-like gun laws to get them filled back up LOL
They could have made money outsourcing American criminals.
We need this problem
They should make more things illegal. Do it to the point that all citizens are automatically criminals and then you can just jail the inconvenient ones any time you like.
The U. S. Hold more people than any nation...."land of the free....."
Hmm.. so if you put less people in prison for pointless offenses you have less prisoners? Who would have guessed..
Misread it as Neanderthals and was pretty confused for about 2 seconds.  
Sounds like they need some private contractors and lobbyists. 
Lol here in the US they just design probation to ensure this never happens. Also imprisoning minor drug offendors works great too!

Take notes Netherlands!
In America we would solve that problem by making more things illegal. 
Heres a business idea, we (by we I mean U.S.) can ship them our prisoners!
THAT'S WHEN WE STRIKE! I'M GOING TO SMOKE A MARIJUNA CIGARETTE AND WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT DUTCH POLICE!
they took kur kuuuurr
The should reopen them as refugee camps.
That's what happens when you focus on reducing recidivism and turning convicted criminals back into functional members of society, and when you decriminalise silly things like pot, rather than focusing on taking an eye for an eye, vengeance, and economic profit, like the US does. Sometimes, I think that the US is ruled by a Christianised sharia law. 
USA must be mad as f haha
Also the fact that our cops are basically clerks with shitty pay and simply have switched from doing police work to taking care of the bureaucracy.

Many people have stopped reporting crime because when we do nothing happens, our system is very far from perfect... but at very least it doesn't cost a lot.
Florida did, too. It's still Florida, though...
First world problems
They're actually also considering having inmates pay for their stays in prison.
But hey, the war on drugs continues here in the states....well, except Colorado.  Thank God these Christians are looking out for us!
Do Americans and American govt officials think these policies that are ultimately successful but controversial at the time are just too crazy to work here? 

There is empirical evidence that there are better ways to do things, yet we let our feet sink continually deeper into mud.
When you don't sentence people to 30 consecutive life sentences for having a batch of pot brownies, you tend to not have many criminals.
This actually opened up space for a game like this to take shape
[http://prisonescape.nl/](http://prisonescape.nl/)
It is because we give a prison sentence of 10 years, you show some good behaviour and leave the prison in 3 years. 
Looks like someone doesn't have privatized prisons
Dispite the lack of prisoners here. The Netherlands are one of the few countries in the EU were lifelong prison sentence means a lifelong prison sentence. In the most countries in the years follow up after incarceration there is a moment of evaluation, where judges will decide to change (or not change) the sentence to a suspended sentence

Why didn't they just make more criminals?
That sounds awfully inefficient. Why not just arrest more people until you're at least at capacity?
Maybe the U.S. could start a franchise there.
They should rent out the extra space to the States for there extra prisoners 
Living in The Netherlands I now finally can say to the USA: YOU ARE DOING IT WRONG (image of a duck meme) :-)
Just wait until the next few batches of refugees get settled in. 
Prisons in the US are full because of weapons and drugs - in the Netherlands weapons are rare and you don't get in prison for drugs.

So not the people are different the law is different.
But what about the Muslims? Aren't they supposed to be having huge issues with the Muslim population? 

I mean, don't I hear all the time here on Reddit that Muslims are murderers, rapists and criminals? If that was true, with the growing Muslim population there, shouldn't they be building more prisons? 
2013...
how much money will they pay us to take our prisoners
they just need more syrian refugees

northern europe is BORED, import some chaos
All nations should have people like Netherlands .. wow imagine life there
Get ready to open them back up to stuff all those refugees into. Not because they're committing crimes, just cause holy fuck, that's a lot a refugees
Shame that a lot of countries need to get their prison head counts up to keep the cash rolling in
How about converting them into housing for refugees?
I grew up in thw Netherlands, yes the country is amazing. Filled with friendly people (majority), very optimistic and caring.
We should send all of our criminals there! It would be a shame for all those jails to stay closed...
Rules? We don't need no stinkin rules! It's because they don't have any black brothers over there but, we would be more than willing to ship them all of ours, no charge!
this is the result of progressive drug laws
they should send American prisoners to the Netherlands, we all know how much they have. 
isn't there something they can do to increase crime? .. perhaps expert guidance from the USA will help.
nice

That's because stealing or hitting someone "to the hospital" results in 10 hours of scrubbing the floor and then you're free.
The US should really legalize drugs and prostitution. And mandate long prison sentences for gun crimes. 
Best gun control system in the modern world. 
Our judges and our whole justice system are jokes. We barely lock up murderers and repeat offenders. They only get hugs and kisses.
Hey dutch folks, yall hiring? 
Must be nice to live free of barbarians equipped with minds from 20000 BC.
where are they going to find cheap slave labour in their country? 
They have legalised Marijuana, of course there's less criminals. Take note USA. You can't arrest POC forever, make money from the incarciration and not expect people to get pissed off about it. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incarceration_in_the_United_States#/media/File:U.S._incarceration_rates_1925_onwards.png

It baffles my mind that we went from 300k to over 3 million people in jail in just a few years and so many people went completely oblivious to what was going on.   Politicians were so easily able to dupe my parents and grandparents generation with these "tough on crime" laws and private profit prisons. Now the same generations are the ones who don't understand why we are so anti police and the dirty politics they are involved in.  
They should use the space to grow food sustainably.
We are shipping our prisoners there as we speak.
Regards Norway.
Should turn them into temporary refugee centers, but I feel like the implication would make a lot of people uncomfortable lol.
Surely this country will take a nose-dive as the unemployed jail guards, court staff, police, judges and lawyers go on a crime spree.
Meanwhile in America the slave trade continues http://globenewswire.com/news-release/2015/11/04/783693/0/en/CCA-Reports-Third-Quarter-2015-Financial-Results.html
For 100 curics, i choose the "out of context" category
But how do the prison corporations fill their quotas?
They are going to need the space to hold refugees while they are being carefully vetted.
Does this remind anyone of the film Hot Fuzz, where 'accidents' happen a lot. XD
Similarly, if you see someone jump from a burning building, don't take them back to the burning floor.  They might be trying to escape the fire.
But don't they die on land?

I KNEW IT. Dolphins are pretty smart animals, I've always been convinced they beach themselves for some reason, and asshole people keep pushing them back in. 

[Also, slightly relevant] (http://imgur.com/Ykb7ihu)
Unfortunately, as we don't have any facilities for captive cetaceans in the UK, many are put down at the scene, refloating is often just a slower way of doing the same thing. 
We really need a dolphin/porpoise rescue place where we can take them for proper treatment and rehabilitation.
Is anyone here a marine biologist?!?
TIL: “Marine mammals can carry diseases which are transferable to humans, so wash your hands thoroughly after contact.”
...beach themselves porpoisely...*
FTFY
I watched a video of people rescuing a pod of beached dolphins. I cried happy tears until I read the comments and learned this little tidbit. Google confirmed what I dreaded.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&amp;v=9sXOJCDws84
Nice try, sharks.
But what if its not and it got accidentally beached. Will you be able to live with yourself letting it die without trying to put it back in the water?
Walesonline on reddit huh. Normally I only notice it on fb with rugby news.
Someone didn't read his [guide](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy) properly, dolphins are vastly more intelligent than we are and will be flying away when the destruction of Earth is announced to make space for an intergalactic highway needed by vastly more intelligent species than humans.
loaded link. Saw questionnaire. Closed the page.
Is anyone here a marine biologist?!?
Well that's depressing 
Honestly there are a lot of reasons why you shouldn't touch or try to help a dolphin back to out to sea if you see it stranded.

In the United States dolphins are protected by the Marine Mammal Protection Act and it still applies to them even if they need help. Treating a sick dolphin takes a skilled team of people to determine the best cause of action and if the dolphin has any specific illnesses. Dolphins can have zoonotic diseases and commonly get bacterial skin infections. If the dolphin still has strength it is not gonna be okay with you touching it so the second they are back in their element it could hurt you severely. People underestimate their strength but just as a reminder dolphins will [fuck up your day](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-23554395) and can do it easily.

If you live in the U.S, here are [specific hotlines](http://www.nmfs.noaa.gov/pr/health/report.htm) you can call for stranded animals.



IN other words, they're acting purposely?
Porpoisely
Cool will let u know next time I see a dolphin at 7-11 or whatever
On a similar note, if you see a stranded seal, it's probably not actually stranded - seals chill out of water.

This sounds like common knowledge, but apparently marine mammal rescue centers have a big problem with people seeing seals on land and pushing them into the water
They did it on porpoise 
Fuck this site. You have to take a questionnaire to read the article.
http://i.imgur.com/oTMjlnm.gifv
Porpoisely.
...Or do they beach themselves... Porpoisely 
Its highly unlikely that they are stranding to avoid drowning, it is thought to be usually caused by a loss in coordination/physical ability to swim against a current. A more important reason not to touch a stranded dolphin without protective equipment is that they carry, among other things: Meningitis, hepatitis, pox virus, flu, herpes, pneumonia (I could go on). I believe that as of august, three marine mammal rescuers in the UK had contracted meningitis from dolphin standings and they wear gloves/face masks when in contact with the animals. Best thing you can do is ring the relevant authorities (RSPCA for you brits, I don't know what the equivalent is in america?) and answer any questions they have as best you can.
Human: Look a stranded Dolphin!

Dolphin: Leave me alone, I came here on porpoise. 
If you're in the US and find a beached dolphin, whale, or turtle, [call your regional NOAA hotline!](http://www.nmfs.noaa.gov/pr/health/report.htm) They can dispatch trained rescue teams from the nearest aquarium/rehab center--they'll be able to determine whether it needs to be taken out to sea, or left alone, or taken in for veterinary care.
This shit should be in /r/LifeProTips.
But what if I just come on a beached dolphin? Can I still not touch it? Fuck. Now I'm horny.
I volunteer for a marine mammal rescue organization in New England, the best thing you SHOULD do is call a local stranding organization (If you don't have the number, call the police and they can re-direct or assist you). They will send people to determine if the animal is in need of help, or if the animal beached itself intentionally. In my experience, more often than not, a beached whale or dolphin is indeed sick or injured, and will need to be moved to a rehabilitation facility. Seals, on the other hand, are almost always just chillaxing on land and just need to be monitored until they return to sea.
They beach themselves porpoisely.
OP, you missed a golden opportunity to say they "beach themselves porpoisely."
"You're about to drown ecco" 

"If I beach myself again they'll think I'm retarded"

Are dolphins just socially awkward? 

Fuck this site. You have to take a questionnaire to read the article.
Nice try, natural prey of dolphins.
So The Cove wasn't as bad as everyone said it was.
Oh god, I just told my boyfriend about this and he goes 'So they beach themselves to get taken to the vet?' hahahhahah yeah mate, I'm sure that's how smart they are. 
but they cant breathe on land either can they?
Just want to add, the amount of mercury and other toxins in top level predators like dolphins means if they are dead, try not to approach them

Edit; holy crap, stupid auto correct making it worse
 Wales online. Heh.
Wouldn't they just rebeach themselves if they were actually sick though?
But what if its not and it got accidentally beached. Will you be able to live with yourself letting it die without trying to put it back in the water?
So much for the Greenpeace folks flinging fishes back to sea.
Uh why not put it in shallow water and if it swims back then you know for sure it doesn't want to be in the water you people. 
All fish/mammals that beach themselves are dying.
What about a whole pod beaching themselves?
There was a slight error with the video, but I have corrected it. 

[No worries the dolphins are safe now!](https://youtu.be/bwvx5mYaivI)
also fuck you land sack
I put a tortoise back in the water one time....found out those are TURTLES that swim.
So we just keep drowning poor dolphins looking for a belping hand... That shit is dark!
TIL: Dolphins can beach themselves on porpoise.
Stick your dick in their neck-hole when this happens

if they're faking, they'll probably go back to sea
This reminds me about that girl trying to save turtles and throwing them in a water pit 
So u sayin we shud call the Akwarium r sumpin?
Do they sometime beach themselves because of high sonar sounds in the water?
So it's better to let them die of exposure?
The trick is to immediately kill the beached dolphin. Look, as soon as they take the land they're going to evolve thumbs and then we're really screwed.
It's very case that any one or thing goes to Wales deliberately.  Please bear that in mind before helping.  It seems hopeless and bizarre, but some creatures go there with intent.  Also, when recovered, please help pay its toll to get the hell out of there.
We still have a lot of study comparing sonar use and beachings before you can generalize every dolphin that beachs itself.  
A lot of factors might be contributing to them beaching and not all of those possibilities are they are sick.  
After the military does tactics in the ocean we see a rise in beachings.  
Shorelines having so much artificial light could also be a factor at night time.   
Honestly their are many reasons I am sure that a dolphin might beach itself and not every one of them is sickness.
We throw them back for the same reason we eat pork. So that the next smartest animals can't challenge us for world domination.
"Colonel, this is Flipper! I've managed to avoid drowning!"
Sharks [have gills ](http://www.enchantedlearning.com/subjects/sharks/anatomy/Gills.shtml) and can breath under water, dolphins do not. 

...So you're saying they did it on porpoise? 
In other words...they do it on porpoise?
"We managed to avoid drowning"
I read "purposely", "Porpoisely".
finally answered my question: "If they're so smart, why would they accidentally beach themselves"
You wouldn't be killing them on porpoise. 
Thought it said "standard dolphin" at first, started trying to think what a non-standard dolphin would be.
k
Never seen a stranded dolphin before.  But then again I live in Iowa.
I'll remember that when i see one in buffalo this Sunday.
I live in Wisconsin.  If a dolphin shows up, you can be sure I'm pushing it back into the water. 
This information will be very helpful. What with all these stranded dolphins laying around.
They still need water though, so put a hose down their blowhole so they can breath.
They beach themselves "porpoise-ly"

FIFY
What diseases can I get from a dolphin? I almost touched one yesterday and a dead one washed up our beach a few weeks ago.
Fish can't drown!
ITT: Reddit has no idea that tides exist.
I didn't know there were non-standard dolphins. TIL.
Hahaha I'm gonna purposely write 'porpiosely' instead of purposely HAHAHA I'm so original I'm so fuckin funny!! 
I'd just have sex with it 
how can a sea animal drown? 
I helped get a baby shark back out to sea. I think he died, though. I didn't do it on porpoise. :(
Sadly, dolphins (or whales, for that matter) have to be almost catastrophically sick to wind up on land. When they do, they are often beyond medical help at that point, so they likely won't survive whether you return them to the water or not.
Porpisely
oops. so i shouldn't have tossed the beached shark back in the water. especially the second time?
Porpoisely?
Isn't that why people push them into the water again?
So what should one do? give them fish and cover them in wet towels? (not that I will ever encounter one, where I live we only have seals and killer whales) 
So...  What's the best option?  If I come upon this, should I move it closer to the water then cover it with wet towels?
Oops.
Dolphins don't drown. They suffocate by refusing to breathe.
What if you hate dolphins?
I've got Iowa covered. No dolphins will drown on my watch. Other states: REPORT IN! 
So what the fuck are you supposed to do?
no.  fuck that guy for trying to infect us landies with his seapatitis

*get the fuck back in the ocean god damn patient zero son of a beach*
The opposite applies to whales.  If you can do. 
they beach themselves porpoisley
Good luck convincing people this when it happens.
Not really stranded then are they?
"They beach themselves porpoisely" FTFY
IN other words, they're acting purposely?
Edit: Porpoisely 
*Porpoisely 
TIL dolphins can drown..
Or just push them back in the water because dolphins are huge ass holes.

*Edit they fuck and drown baby whales. How is that not an ass hole thing to do?
nice dolphin nigga
Really? What about shark? There's two shark stranded in short interval few weeks ago in a beach near my place.
Yea idiots.
They are almost done. Eradication is now at 99.99% (compared to 1986). They've gone from 3.5 million in 1968 to 126 cases in 2014, and they are projected to completely wipe them out within 3 years.

Jimmy Carter has said it's now his lifegoal to outlive the last Guinea Worm, which is pretty fucking badass.
Wow that's incredible, hopefully the guinea worm will be extinct within the next couple of years. How exactly are we doing so well at eradicating it?
Say what you will about his presidency, but he has used his fame and position to be an effective global humanitarian. I really respect his work and his thought leadership on how to create a healthier, more peaceful and humane world.
"retired", that's an interesting way to put it.
Interesting Fact: The Carter administration also never dropped a bomb or fired a bullet or went to war with another country.
  
  
edit: Additional fun fact: He negotiated the peace treaty between Egypt and Israel. At the time, this was a big deal in world politics. The peace between the two countries has lasted since 1981.
The Carter Center has a website to [donate](http://www.cartercenter.org/donate/index.html). The page allows you to select the Guinea Worm program. However there's an option for "Area most needed in Health" too.
 As a species, we have come so far in the world of medicine.

I don't have to worry about a plague sweeping across the world because even if there was no cure, the CDC and the military could contain it.
Jimmy Carter eradicates the Guinea Worm and he's a hero.

I set out on my plan to eradicate Guinea Pigs in that 1st grade classroom and suddenly I'm a monster.
People always did say Carter was a better Humanitarian than a President. 
This just goes to show nobody makes it off of the Jimmy Carter Kill list
I too watched bill maher tonight
Can we get someone to do this with bed bugs?
... Even President Carter, the most humanistic leader the world ever saw, probably made some decisions that cost people their lives.  That job? (President) No thanks.    
Paraphrased from Dan Carlin
I remember vividly in the mid-90s a guest lecturer coming to my high school talking about the Guinea Worm. The idea of a parasite excreting itself from your blood vessel slowly and painfully over the course of several days and you being powerless to stop it for fear of killing it and thereby killing yourself... Well, it stuck with me. I'm so glad this is what President Carter chose to do with his post-presidential life. For all the people who did not think much of him in office, I don't think anyone would say he is not a good man driven by a deep conviction to do what he believes to be right by his fellow men and women.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperience/features/general-article/carter-guinea-worm/) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; An Egyptian medical text from the 15th century B.C. mentions it, and scientists found a calcified worm in the mummy of a 13-year-old girl who lived in Egypt around 1000 B.C. A Sanskrit poem from the 14th century B.C. includes the plea, &amp;quot;Let not the sinuous worm strike me nor wound my foot."

&gt; Guinea worm larvae are eaten by tiny water fleas called Cyclops, which are then ingested by humans as they drink the contaminated water.

&gt; Avoid infected pools of water Filter water before drinking Sterilize water by boiling or treating Implement deep wells Ensure those infected do not enter water supplies Educate on causes, symptoms and preventative measures Jimmy Carter and the Eradication Effort.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3tvkwf/til_after_president_carter_retired_he_started_an/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~16652 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Worm**^#1 **water**^#2 **Carter**^#3 **disease**^#4 **Guinea**^#5
TIL Jimmy Carter did more when he was retired then he did as president 
And in the year 2100, it was discovered that the cure for cancer could be found in an extinct species called the "Guinea Worm".
i always get a little sad when people say he's the worst president we've had, cuz he's such a good dude. 
President Carter remains one of the only politicians I have respect for. He lived up to his promise of honesty and transparency, and leads a simple life. I believe every once in a while that the right kind of person gets involved in politics for the right reasons and that Jimmy Carter is a great example of that. We need more Jimmy Carters in our time.
http://www.startalkradio.net/show/combating-disease-with-jimmy-carter/

This is an amazing talk by President Carter on this subject and so much more AND its hosted by Neil Degrasse Tyson! 
Carter wasn't the best president but he was a good person and he got a lot of good shit like this done 
Literally just heard about this parasite while binging on old radiolab shorts today.  Sort of threw up in my mouth when he described it.

http://www.radiolab.org/story/167837-sleepless-south-sudan/
Still a better President than Obama.
I adore and respect President Carter.  He is truly an unselfish person.
Just studied this for my med micro exam.....someone is also in my class it seems...
TIL President Carter hated the Sudanese!
Einstein  - " only a life worth living is a life lived for others "
I think that's appropriate here. What a great man. 
I actually learned about this in uni. He's truly a selfless man, he even said he wasn't upset about not being re-elected because his work as a humanitarian may have been put off. That's a good man right there. 
Some believe that the caduceus (the medical symbol with the needle and the wings and the snakes around it) is actually the guinea worm because in order to extract them, you wrap them around a fine needle!
Great man - not the greatest President though. There were other factors that lead to his failure to win a 2nd term.
Awesome ex-president
The year is 2018. President Jimmy Carter is on his death bed. His final wishes are for doctors to quarantine him, carefully take the last of the Guinea worms and allow them to consume his body. NASA will THEN eject his body into space on a day the world will know as President Jimmy Carter Day. 

**Spoiler**

In an ironic twist, the contents of that space capsule find their way onto a radioactive planet mutating the worms and Presidents genes into the species that we know as the predators. The predators return to earth to exact revenge upon the human race. 

Now THAT is a predator prequel I would watch.
As a republican whose first vote was for Ronald Reagan, President Carter has done a great deal of very cool stuff for humanity. He has a decent heart. 
I heard Carter described as one of the worst Presidents and one of the greatest humanitarians. Seems valid.
Great man. He has used his position to become one of the great humanitarians of our time, which has to be respected, whether you agreed with his decisions as president or not.
I'm late to post so this will get buried. This is a huge coincedence because only three days ago, in the last exam for my degree, there was a question on the guinea worm!

Here are some fun facts from my lecturer who is a helminthologist. The guinea worm, Dracunculus, will likely be the second ever pathogen to be eradicated by humans. There are about four countries who have still got the worm, with the largest I think to be Southern Sudan. 

It has been relatively easy to eradicate compared to other helminths (worms) due to its vector, the copepod, being fairly immotile and filterable and also the fact that the disease you get by being infected by Dracunculus is very recognizable.

Basically, there are three types of helminths: the round worms (nematodes); the tape worms (cestodes); and the flukes (trematodes). The guinea worm is a nematode and it's class is a spiruridia, or a filarial worm. 

You get the parasite by drinking contaminated water. The adult female matures and migrates to your leg (through your tissues!) and when you go swimming in water the female releases it's eggs into the water out of your very noticeable leg blister. The eggs then need to find the intermediate host, the copepod, and infect it. The infected copepod then releases the larval stages into the water, and consumption of these can cause disease in humans. 

It's the lack of motility of the copepod, combined with filtering methods, sociological measures, the one year lifespan of the organism, and how easily identifiable infection is that has allowed for its almost complete eradication.

Sorry for the huge spiel! Just excited to talk about a topic I'm passionate about.

EDIT: He also said eradication is expected by 2020 if we keep our eye on the ball
Scooby Doo can doo-doo, but Jimmy Carter is smarter
I spent a good tetherball pole.
Quick, Genetic Reshuffle!
I truly believe that Jimmy Carter has done more good after leaving office than he did while he was President. 
I did a high school project on the guinea worn, the way they eradicate it is fresh drinking water, or even just the separation of bathing-drinking sources
WHAT A WELCOME PARTY they are going to throw in Heaven when Jimmy dies!
Do these worms only go after humans? Or do wild animals pick them up too? It would be hard to eradicate them if African animals can also carry the worm. 
As far as I can tell, has he ever really retired? How can you be 'retired' if you're active across the planet on various causes, at a pretty high level.  George Bush Senior, Jr and Bill Clinton all seem more 'retired' than Carter.  Bill  seems partially active because he's obligated to be a Hillary advocate.
This makes me want to get a Guinea worm just to see what all the fuss is about.  
His organization has also done A TON of work on eradicating trachoma, a contagious disease that leads to blindness. 

http://www.cartercenter.org/health/trachoma/index.html

(I know because I covered a press conference where he spoke about it.)
thank fuck, after seeing a film of these things coming out when i was kid it featured as a regular nightmare of mine.
We prefer the term "Italian-American Worm"
FYI removing Guinea Worms from your drinking supply is as easy as filtering water through cloth.
Out of curiosity, why the guinea worm? Seems like such a random thing to go on a crusade against.
80% of the remaining 2% in Sudan is 1.6% So really he's gotten 99.6% of what he can access. He's a better retired president than he was president.
An admirable goal that achieved success . Jimmy Carter good man . Nice epitaph to a long life. 
TIL it was Bill Maher who pointed this out.
Carter is an excellent ex-president
What about the need to protect endangered species?
Carter gets a bad rap, always seemed like the quintessential "guy you'd like to get a beer with" president by his demeanor. 
Is it just me? Or doea Guinea Worm sound like a racial slur?
There were other factors that lead to his own bad joke with another country.
AMA REQUEST: someone who's had guinea worms.
Being a one-term president is also in my class it seems... i always get a Guinea worm larvae.
I know they are next.
Meanwhile Bush Jr is painting puppies...
[Guinea worm shmigghy worm.  Look what I did.](https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/qPisi6C2u_OJHZ3D1J1dKUkt3Fo=/0x25:640x385/1600x900/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/assets/2137175/Untitled.jpg)
Here's a shameless plug for [my favorite podcast Sawbones](http://maximumfun.org/sawbones/sawbones-guinea-worms), which covered the guinea worm quite well.  
So where are all the guys complaining about humans hunting this poor worm to extinction? 

Oh wait, there aren't any because flesh eating worms aren't cute or cool to watch.
Carter is a vile disease, living only for the right reasons and that Jimmy Carter eradicates the Guinea Worm Day. damn it, why on my birth date?
Wew! eat shit you filthy fucking worm. 
Meanwhile, GW is still clearing brush on his farm and painting while he bathes.
People talk a lot of shit about Jimmy Carter. I can't speak authoritatively on his Presidency, but he is such a good person.
I remember reading this animal in a book when i was younger(Like 5 or 6), it scared the shit out of me and made me not take baths for about two weeks until i began taking showers.
got em
My mom is the current editor for the Emory Magazine. Some years ago, she traveled to Ghana to document the eradication efforts. She stayed in the village and participated in in the project, and interviewed Carter upon his own arrival to the village. While there, she helped doctors pull a 2.5 foot long Guinea Worm out of a yound boy's ankle. This worm now sits in a jar on her desk.

Here is a link to the article she wrote following her trip, for anyone interested: [Emory Magazine](https://www.emory.edu/EMORY_MAGAZINE/summer2004/africa.html)
Carter the private citizen is so much better then Carter the president, and that is considering the better things he might've pulled off as president.  
Carter, leaves Presidency builds homes for the poor.
Clinton, somehow amasses over 80m, giving "speeches"
Is there anything we can do to help?
I don't know why this is hilarious to me XD

After presidency war, famine, poverty. No there is a far more fucked up plague upon man, freaky worms that burrow through your fucking flesh!!! Jimmy carter saw this nightmare, and he said no more.
Steve Buscemi was a firefighter 
"retired", that's an interesting way to put it.
Out of fear of seeing a picture of this, I did not Google to confirm, but I'm 96% sure that these worms leave the body by burrowing out through that soft circle spot on your foot.

Source: I saw a documentary depicting a young boy who had to basically pimple squeeze then gently pull said worm out of his foot over the course of days. 
What does this mean for my Guinea Worm rookie card?
...thus doing more good for the world than any US President before or since. (Ok, *arguably*)
You just learned this today?  This has been about all Jimmy Carter talks about for 20 years.
I've been thinking about him so much lately. He has done so much good in his life so far. I'm going to be heart broken when we lose him. 
He didn't retire he lost the election
Not sure if deja vu or repost.
And there's always a small chance that he was in Iran in the late 90s.
I sometimes wonder if Jimmy Carter learned or witnessed something so horrific while he was President that he dedicated his retirement to doing something so good to counteract that. Complete crack theory of mine.
People can call Jimmy Carter a weak president because he never fired a shot during his term. Republicans like to point to him as a door mat in the Oval Office and taint his legacy as a contributing force, but I could not disagree more. I think that Jimmy Carter has led one of the most fulfilling lives of any person in history. He has bridged gaps in political, philosophical, and the medical field by sheer force of quiet, undeterred, will. 

I believe Jimmy Carter to be a national and a global treasure that will be greatly missed when he is gone. I hold him in the same category that others hold people like The Pope, Mother Teresa, Gandhi, and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 

I am less than half his age and it would take me ten lifetimes to achieve what he has and twenty lifetimes to give back as much as he has given to the world. It will be a sad day for humanity when he passes away. Just my $0.02.........
Amazing how a ten dollar cheese cloth can save so many lives. One of the best public health interventions in my opinion.
Carter wasn't the best president but he was a good person and he got a lot of good shit like this done 
I mean Bill Clinton flew in to North Korea and met with the time Iran decided to invade the US military used the wrong one.
I wish they can give him another Nobel for this alone.
I sincerely hope something about them on a Guardian website wholesale.
Jimmy Carter is also known for greeting every single person in his flight. 

The most inspiring thing in an interview in Star Talk by Astronaut Neil Dg Tyson, he revealed he read complete Harry Potter novels back to back to connect with his grand kids well. That's real commitment of love.
The US continued to refuse to recognize the genocide of the dodo, and know that they are next.
good to see other people watching Bill Maher.
I wrote a paper in high school about these worms. I hope to write another paper about these worms in college.
Provided the genocidal Khmer Rouge is the best way to solve this type of hurdle is to play the game.
Interesting Fact: The Carter administration also never dropped a bomb or fired a bullet or went to war with another country.
  
  
edit: Additional fun fact: He negotiated the peace treaty between Egypt and Israel. At the time, this was a big deal in world politics. The peace between the two countries has lasted since 1981.
How much did it cost unsuspecting, unrelated, INNOCENT people through higher prices to offset some unspoken "donation"? When you finance "good deed" things through theft (usually while also paying YOURSELVES), you are NOT good, you are EVIL.
Not all [agree](http://www.deadlysins.com/guinea-worm/) with Carter
People always did say Carter was a big accomplishment though.
Star talk radio had a great interview with and by Neil deGrasse Tyson, love machine PhD
next worm to eliminate:  microsoft
It's interesting to see what presidents do when they're doing being president. The good men... do things like Jimmy. The rest just make money from dirty politics.
Less to make him look.
The only man who post presidency went onto do great things for mankind. Thank you Mr. Carter.
Not a great POTUS.  Unbelievably great humanitarian.
My Boy Scout troop went to see Jimmy Carter teach Sunday school a while back. When he described this animal we had adults in terror. He does a lot of good work and he was super cool.
Bernie/Carter 2016
This is a horribly worded title.  It reads as if President Carter's efforts to eradicate the Guinea Worm *resulted* in millions of people being affected until you get to the next sentence.
Jimmy Carter is the Good Guy Greg out of all the presidents
Jimmy is a very nice guy but president was not his strong suit. 
This came up on Real Time with Maher on Friday's show.


Ah yes, dracunculus medinensis. Get it from drinking water with larva in it. This is why clean drinking water is so important. Loads of preventable parasitic diseases, like schistosomiasis, can be avoided with available clean water.
A shitty president, but a good man.
I too watch Bill Maher.
[deleted]
ALSNFVASFVAS [Bad image search of the day...](http://www.jica.go.jp/ghana/english/activities/img/img03_01.jpg)
there is a Startalk Radio episode about this featuring President Carter, season 4 i think
OP watches Real Time with Bill Maher
Somebody watched Bill Maher
First president to admit that government was an oligarchy.  
Jimmy Carter was more than the peanut guy. He was the worm guy too!
I'll admit that once he left office he became someone worthwhile, but he totally sucked at being a President, he wasn't in office very long and he started a boatload of shit with the U.S.S.R. and was bringing us uncomfortably close to getting the U.S. and them into some type of an armed conflict.
I learn this once a week when it gets posted here.
I'm not a big believer in politicians - Jimmy Carter as politician and president is the one who impresses me for what he's done.

We could've done 2 terms of this guy. Seriously.
Yeah and he was still a shitty President.
He was still the second worst president we've ever had.  The first is the isis head in the oval office now
He also didnt drop a bomb/go to war under his presidency, but he was a failed president because? 

Meanwhile, the guy who was elected after him was caught making illegal deals with Iran, making deals with Nicaraguan death squads, and caught using the CIA to import cocaine into poor black neighborhoods. This president is somehow the god of the GOP. Based Reagan. 
So he couldn't even get that done, huh?
[deleted]
Edit: don't listen to this.  It's nonsense.

Fun fact! The symbol for a surgeon [the caudacous](http://www.clipartbest.com/cliparts/4T9/EMp/4T9EMpnec.jpeg) likely came from the Guinea worm.  The typical way to get the worms out was to wrap them around a stick and slowly pull them out and roll it up on a stick.
Jimmy Carter is one of the truly great men of our time.
He had a filter made that gets rid of the worm is done, they should officially be extinct.
So was he really such a bad president?


Such an amazing man. He doesn't get helf of the credit he deserves.
That's funny obama wanted to eliminate Doctors without Borders while still in office. So he authorized a hospital bombing.  Definitely a guy with ambition.
Jimmy Carter... ugh
And the right wing noise machine smeared his name all over the place.
Scooby doo can doo doo, but Jimmy Carter is smarter.
I remember when Carter was President, and he was *the worst president ever* ~~because we hadn't seen Bush II yet~~.

And now he's the *best former President ever*.  President Carter is awesome, and has arguably done more good for more people than many *sitting* Presidents have done!  Bravo!
I saw him speak at a Q&amp;A of sorts in Atlanta last year. He and his wife are doing very impressive things.
I remember when Carter was President, and he was the worst president ever because we hadn't seen Bush II yet.
And now he's the best former President ever. President Carter is awesome, and has arguably done more good for more people than many sitting Presidents have done! Bravo!
Say what you want about Carter, but he's the only former president that's done anything that isn't self-aggrandizement.
I just can't help but wonder why a politician would take an interest in an obscure disease or parasite that just happens to be prevalent in a war-torn nation. It's a good excuse to get "workers" into the area. And if they actually help all the better. If not then blame the war. But in the meantime whatever secret stuff is going on gets accomplished. 
Will there be any negative effect on the ecosystem if they succeed in eradicating it?
The thing is, it won't be completely eradicated. There just won't be any reported cases. I was in a couple of remote tribes this past summer where there are still plenty of cases of Guinea worm. These people are just so far into the jungle where there is 0 access to health care or any way to report the case. 
TIL The OP watches Bill Maher 
My favorite quote by a professor I had in college

"Jimmy Carter did way more once he got out of office than he ever did while in office"
What a man.
1) I don't know why you would want to eradicate them, they brought us so many important things, like pizza, and chef boyardee

2) I don't think it's very nice to refer to them as worms. 
Is this disease a purely human one?  The current rate of reinfection makes me think so, but could a dog crap in the water and reinfect everybody?  
The man whom became president after leaving the job of president: Jimmy Carter.
Even the countries as the philanthropist he is not a good person and he got a lot to learn before he's ready to save the Iranian hostages went south, but he has used his position to become the leader of America, that's amazing!
Titles reads as if Jimmy Carter infected millions of people with Guinea worms.  
He's History's Greatest Monster


EDIT: Those of you downvoting might want to check out the episode of The Simpson that I was quoting. 
Reagan got a space faring nation to dissolve, Carter couldn't even defeat a worm.
Easily the worst President in American history. 

(Though he does have plenty of Marxist supporters keenly propagandizing for him).
I did a presentation on the Guinea worm in high school. Nasty little bastards. Fun fact: That staff you often see with respect to medecine, [the caduceus?](http://www.crystalinks.com/caduceus.png) I believe that the imagery is partially based off a common method of removing Guinea worms - wrapping them around a stick and using that as leverage to pull them out (you wouldn't be able to get them with your hands alone, they'd just recede inside the body or something).
Why do pundits shit on this guy?
Before Carter retired, he eased lending standards for home buyers and every pres after him eased them further, but we still blame the 08 shit on the banks, but I'm just sayin
I think Carter had the greatest tenure post-presidency in his humanitarian work.
Aww, how cute. I *love* Jimmy Carter.
His administration never dropped a single bomb as far I know. Hence why so many Americans hate his guts so much and love Reagan for dropping the most bombs and locking up the most blacks... in private, for profit, prisons, no less. 
Carter was, and is, a true American hero. He was not going to let a failed presidency, caused by forces of greed and evil opposing him, stop him from doing what he set out to do, which was (and is) to use his stature to fix whatever he can fix. 
I was listening to Carter on StarTalk and he said that quinea worm has been around since biblical times and that when it is burrowing out, people wrap it around a stick to speed it up, and that's why the symbol for the AMA is a serpent coiled around a staff. Not sure if this is true, but it's a cool theory.
Bernie / Carter 2016 
America doesn't make people like Jimmy Carter anymore. 
Not the best president, but the best man to ever be president.
It seems he's rarely talked about, but I think Jimmy Carter one of the best people to have lived with power.
Still the second worst President ever after Obama.

So he actually did something right, albeit after his term. Better late than never, I guess.
Interestingly, the Enterprise in the original Star Trek was a Constitution class starship.
Unfortunately, Enterprise never got to fly in space. It was only used for the Approach and Landing Tests (ALT) before Columbia was completed.
So they changed the Constitution?
And then the intro to Enterprise suggests that one of the famous ships the NX-01 was named after was the first space shuttle. 

So Enterprise was named for the Enterprise which it turns out was named after Enterprise. Messes with your head. 
Idk if anyone cares, but the first operational nuclear submarine was named the USS Nautilus after Cpt. Nemos ship in 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea.
Both good choices, I think.  Star Trek wasn't just a show, it *was* something of a cultural phenomenon... but it also represented exactly what our idealism about the space program was supposed to be about in the 70s- the search for knowledge, exploration, self improvement.
Not only did I know this, I know this because I wrote a letter.... yes, I'm that old, and that big of a nerd.  I saw it on the back of an Airplane on the tarmac at Hill Air Force Base.
[deleted]
I asked Walter Koenig (Chekov) if there was a epiphanic moment for him and the original cast that showed them Star Trek was something special. He said that, yes, in fact there was. There they were, actors, invited to a NASA ceremony, and they wheel out this real space ship named Enterprise and play the Star Trek theme music. That's when the cast knew that Start Trek wasn't just a TV show, but a real cultural phenomenon.  

[This is as close a video as I could find.](http://www.wtvy.com/news/headlines/This-Day-in-History---91776--224038931.html)
Imagine if we put in effort to change things that actually matter. 
It was going to be followed by the Strength, the Dexterity, the Charisma, the Wisdom, and the Intelligence.
What many people don't know is that the US Congress also did a letter campaign. They complained that only they are allowed to jettison the Constitution into space. 
Would have been better if the campaign had failed so they could save Enterprise for a Shuttle that would eventually actually fly in space. :(
All Space Shuttles with names beginning with the letter "C" exploded, so it was probably for the best.
Funny thing is that the Enterprise for the original series is Constitution-class.
You're mostly all too young to remember this, but I'm an old guy.

I was one of the people who wrote NASA. BTW, writing a letter in those days involved finding paper, pen, envelope and a stamp.
Columbia wasn't the first shuttle?
Fucking nerds ruining freedom. 
It's been a long road... Getting from there to here...
The Constitution is already the name of a US vessel - the USS Constitution. It's the oldest in-service ship in the Navy (though recently may have been taken out of service, idk), and it's a wooden ship docked in Boston.
For all you Star Trek/Stargate Fans out there like me. Super relevant link. https://youtu.be/CIBXUDbamQg
And at some point in some Star Trek... I can't remember which... That shuttle is mentioned as being part of the Enterprise naming tradition.

So the real shuttle was named after the show and in the show the ship was named after the shuttle.
Wait, so the intro in Star Trek: Enterprise showed the shuttle Enterprise because it was named Enterprise and it was named that because of Star Trek... Woah, meta.
Wasn't the first Enterprise a Constitution class vessel?
In the Star Trek novel "A Flag Full of Stars" the Space Shuttle was fitted with impulse engines and flown to the moon as part of the 300th anniversary of the first moon landing.  (to the best of my recollection, it's been over twenty years since I read it)
Here's the video of Leonard Nemoy's speech at the event.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tu_NfWVYb78
Here's where it gets weird: the series Enterprise follows the United Earth Vessel Enterprise, which (this assumption is based on the opening credits ) is named after the Space Shuttle Enterprise(at least in part).
Which of course in the world of Star Trek could not possibly have been named after Kirk's Enterprise.
Furthermore Kirk's Enterprise(as well as later vessels to bear the name) within the world of the shows take their name from Captain Archer's Enterprise. 
So… the causation is pretty weird when we think about it. 
[deleted]
I always thought they moved to fast on the letter writing campaign, If they had waited it could have been one that went into space, which would have been way cooler. 
So we bypassed the Constitution to favor  'Enterprise'.   I see.   
wow.   that was insidious. 
Enterprise never actually went into orbit
All I've taken from this thread is that we have some boring ass ship names. The Royal Navy on the other hand really knew how to name them.
Then why did we keep violating the neutral zone?
Surprised it wasn't original named 'murica! 
I always thought it was a shame Enterprise never flew, per se.
I'm reminded of an episode Stargate SG-1, where Jack O'Neill is upset that the Air Force won't name Earth's first interstellar ship the Enterprise.
I really hope they embrace this in the future and have spaceships with names like the Normandy and the Pillar of Autumn.
And so may it be. Every flagship of any future US/international space fleet should be named Enterprise. 
The Enterprise is at the Space Camp at Huntsville, Alabama. Anyone that does the high school level or higher week long camp does several missions on it.

EDIT: just realized I read and typed the all wearing my Space Camp Tshirt and sweat pants.

EDIT: it was the pathfinder, my bad. You guys can stop PMing me now.
And it never flew into space. 
[Here](https://youtu.be/bbnTZREMEJI?t=27) is a video showing it.
one of the (original?) people to suggest this to NASA was a guy named Richard C Hoagland. He has a radio show on every week night. I heard him mention it on air one night.

www.othersideofmidnight.com

He comes on right after Art Bell (hes back!) on the dark matter digital network.

signed, a Coast refugee.
I wonder what they would have named "Kwazy Kupcakes"?
Today, the "major letter writing campaign" would have been a change.org petition.  I wonder if it would have gotten the same attention as a pile of letters.
I mean what of the Constitution blew up
I can see the headlines US launches "Constitution" into space!
It's always seemed weird to me that the five that flew were named Atlantis, Challenger, Columbia, Discovery, Endeavour - why two C's and no B?
I'm a big Star Trek fan but I would have preferred Constitution.
Should've renamed it "hitpoints"
Ok. I get it now. Next time I'll read the article before commenting. What is Earth call in the United Federation of Planets. Is it just Earth? The People's Republic of Earth? The Terran Empire?
I always thought this was a mistake. This meant that it would never actually go to space, but just be a test vehicle for gliding systems. 
What a darker world it would be without Star Trek fans. I am convinced this is not the darkest time line. This isn't even a Mirror Universe.
If only that happened today, we could've gotten " 5...4...3...2...1... And LIFTOFF of the space shuttle Dank Memes.
I saw Enterprise at Wright-Patterson AFB when I was a kid.  I was fascinated with NASA and the space program, so seeing one of the shuttles in person was a dream come true.  I only wish I could have seen a launch live. 
This means that, if the intro to Star Trek: Enterprise is all cannon, considering that it shows the space shuttle Enterprise, then Star Trek fans, and that letter writing campaign are also cannon.

So Star Trek was a real show in the Star Trek universe's 21st century.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbnTZREMEJI#t=27s
Dam Son
Damn son

If my memory serves me, I'm sure the petition was started by a member of nasa. 
That's a relief because all the shuttles with C-names blew up.


I learnt this exact fact by watching pawn stars today
I got to visit with Enterprise when it was "dry docked" at JFK in 2012, on its way to its final home at the Intrepid. [Here are some photos.] (https://picasaweb.google.com/106619067874703460170/Enterprise?authuser=0&amp;authkey=Gv1sRgCMaVoZellq6tqgE&amp;feat=directlink)

I never knew that. That's so cool!
Both names have a lot of history with the US Navy / air history so I'm okay with it.
As cool of a name as it is, I'd love the idea of the Constitution naval ship's namesake going into space as the first proper "spaceship" given that it was reusable.
Would not be very good PR if the constitution failed or exploded.
My suggestion of "cockrocket" went largely ignored.
When I saw the words 'major letter writing campaign' my first though was that people wrote in because the name of one of the original six frigates (and still in service 200 years later) of the US Navy was named *Constitution* and maybe they wanted to keep that name special 
Way to jump through gun. You'd think they would have held back on the campaign, for a shuttle that was capable of space flight.
Fucking nerds.
We need to build an updated fleet of space shuttles.  Landing on a runway is where it's at, and shirley our engineering advancements can overcome the shortcomings of the previous designs.   All things being equal I'd rather waste a trillion dollars building spaceplanes than new aircraft carriers or F-35s that we don't need.
NASA employees in turn successfully campaigned to change name of RuneScape skill "Hitpoints" to "Constitution". Now I'm waiting for RuneScape players to launch campaign to rename Star Trek ship "Enterprise" to "Hitpoints" to complete the circle.
Hopefully that name will be carried onto the next new spaceship/rocket.

If pre-redditors could do it, then redditors can make it happen.
And it was stupid because the Shuttle was for testing and would never go into space.
Thank goodness, I dont think we could've afforded to lose a third space shuttle.  (Curse of the C's)
From the Wikipedia link:

&gt; Construction began on Enterprise on June 4, 1974. Designated OV-101, it was originally planned to be named *Constitution* and unveiled on Constitution Day, September 17, 1976. A letter-writing campaign by Star Trek fans to President Gerald Ford asked that the orbiter be named after the Starship Enterprise. White House advisors cited "hundreds of thousands of letters" from Trekkies—"one of the most dedicated constituencies in the country"—as a reason for giving the shuttle the name. Although Ford did not publicly mention the campaign, the president, saying he was "partial to the name" *Enterprise,* directed NASA officials to change the name.

&gt; In mid-1976 the orbiter was used for ground vibration tests, allowing engineers to compare data from an actual flight vehicle with theoretical models.

&gt; On September 17, 1976, Enterprise was rolled out of Rockwell's plant at Palmdale, California. In recognition of its fictional namesake, Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry and most of the principal cast of the original series of Star Trek were on hand at the dedication ceremony.


I grew up near Norfolk, VA and I remember sailors on the old Enterprise talking about really wild/horrid conditions onboard (It was something like 40 years older than all of it's peers). Any sailors have stories from the final days of the Enterprise?
Like it should be
TIL the first space shuttle was Enterprise.  I always thought it was Columbia since that was the first one to go up.
Although Enterprise ended up never actually flying an orbital mission. It was built for the Approach and Landing tests and for testing ground procedures, with the plan being that it would eventually get upgraded into a complete orbiter (as built, it lacked engines, TPS, life support, proper landing gear, and a bunch of other rather important parts), but they ended up building Challenger as the second orbiter instead
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3u3r1b?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[The Simspons-Leonard Nimoy appearance!!! (Star Trek)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=MUO6nd0iGBY)|[11](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxbodz5?context=10#cxbodz5) - Wrong link. Corrected:  
[MEGAS XLR Opening - TV version](https://youtube.com/watch?v=koesW3xMKtY)|[7](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxbxaey?context=10#cxbxaey) - No chicks dig giant robots 
[Leonard Nimoy salutes space shuttle Enterprise](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Tu_NfWVYb78)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxbn0wm?context=10#cxbn0wm) - Here&amp;#39;s the video of Leonard Nemoy&amp;#39;s speech at the event.   
[Stargate Sg1 ~ Sam &amp; Jack ~ Unnatural Selection* {*with subtext!}](https://youtube.com/watch?v=CIBXUDbamQg)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxbyr8s?context=10#cxbyr8s) - For all you Star Trek/Stargate Fans out there like me. Super relevant link.  
[Star Trek Enterprise Alternate Intro - "Perfect Strangers" Theme (New Version)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3P4IlgtwHmA)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxby7ru?context=10#cxby7ru) - A new opening theme would help a lot too, example! 
[Revenge of the Nerds - NERDS!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=gZEdDMQZaCU)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxbxbt8?context=10#cxbxbt8) -  
[Star Trek - Enterprise Intro HD](https://youtube.com/watch?v=bbnTZREMEJI&amp;t=27s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxby1sw?context=10#cxby1sw) - This means that, if the intro to Star Trek: Enterprise is all cannon, considering that it shows the space shuttle Enterprise, then Star Trek fans, and that letter writing campaign are also cannon.  So Star Trek was a real show in the Star Trek univer...
[Leonard Nimoy - The Ballad of Bilbo Baggins [FULL VERSION] - best quality](https://youtube.com/watch?v=AGF5ROpjRAU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxc14qm?context=10#cxc14qm) - Very funny, here is the correct link:   
[Star Trek: Enterprise theme song](https://youtube.com/watch?v=TBcXXfzrqco)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxbymzk?context=10#cxbymzk) - Yep. 
[Nerds Are Smart](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ObKrAx5qd6k)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxbyizy?context=10#cxbyizy) -  
[NERRRRRDDDDDD](https://youtube.com/watch?v=IRsPheErBj8)|[0](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3u3r1b/_/cxbwxyo?context=10#cxbwxyo) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
I'm a huge Trekkie, but personally I think Constitution is a better name. 
As a youth (early 80s) I went to a Star Trek event hosted by James Doohan, he talked about this and how he and other cast members had fought against naming the first shuttle "Enterprise" as it was a test article and would never go into space.  He said they wanted the second, *actual*, space shuttle named Enterprise, but the Trekkies won.

At least he didn't ask any of us if we had ever actually kissed a girl...
Forever assuring the shuttle *Enterprise* did not actually fly in space. 
Just because they liked starwars or for some important reason?
So star wars fans lost out on this? 
Wow reading wikipedia on a desktop with the mobile version is fucking great. 
That's a terrible thing to do. They missed a great opportunity to name it after a cause that deserves to be highlighted. The could also have called it Sucitcommies... Just saying. 
Comparing to my time is finally near...
Corrected https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUO6nd0iGBY Funny thing is that the Enterprise and play the Star Trek fans wanted to stay true to the captain's chair, then skip all the boring shit of the Constitution, that its not set in stone and can be changed via amendments?
Now all we need is a major letter writing from Star Wars fans to get a rocket named "Millennium Falcon"
I wrote one of those letters. I was in college at the time.   
In the Prime universe, Archer dies in 2245, one day after the USS Enterprise - its founder served on board it during WW2.
it's interesting to hear how shit got done before the internet.
In the Prime universe, Archer dies in 2245, one day after the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise became the most decorated US ship from WWII.
I saw it on the name of a Navy ship.
It's nice to see that the democratic process is being used for things that really matter.
Plus the government wants us to forget about those pesky rights.
In the end it was all a ploy, as the *Enterprise* was simply a test vehicle for the shuttle program and the first true shuttle was *Columbia.* 

It was not space worthy, hence why it was never considered to become a candidate to be a replacement for either Challenger or, ironically, *Columbia.*
My Father signed that petition.
Here's the video of Leonard Nemoy's speech at the event.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tu_NfWVYb78
Columbia wasn't the first shuttle?
They complained that only TOS and DS9.
Constitution would have been a better name
Well, the Columbia NX-02 was the world's first nuclear powered aircraft carrier.
And today, they'd demand it be called the Otherkin
I also say that once we can get space craft near light speed, the first one to do so should be named 'Phoenix', after a certain Zefram Cochrane's ship.
Damn you Stark Trek Fans!!

If the Shuttle was named Constitution, no politician could have defund NASA.

Congress: "we need to cut some spending"

NASA: "You are not saying you want to get rid of the Constitution do you?? You don't believe in the Constitution?!"

Public: "You un-American jerk!"
Constitution would have still been fitting, since that was the original Enterprise's class.  Also worth noting that the space shuttle Enterprise was never actually launched.
I would have love to been there when the Russians found out.

"They named it after what??"
The Enterprise is on exhibit at the Air and Space Museum in NYC on the USS Intrepid aircraft carrier. 

I wonder what the naming contest for the first starship will be like.
This ship is a huge nerdgasm for me.
Constitution would have been more appropriate due to historical reasons.
(Starts slow clap...)
I had always thought it was named Enterprise after the long line of naval flagships with the same name.
Mobile link OP? Really?
Actually the first Space Shuttle was Columbia. The Enterprise never left the atmosphere. It was used in conjunction with a Boeing 747 to test aerodynamics and weight ratios. The Shuttle was designated OV-101 (orbital vehicle 101) as more of a honorary title. But the Columbia was the first shuttle to actually go to space.

[Here](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/72/Enterprise_free_flight.jpg) is what enterprise looked like during its test flights.  Originally, Enterprise had been intended to be refitted for orbital flight to become the second space-rated orbiter in service however while OV 102 Columbia was being built the details of the final design changed, specifically the weight of the fuselage and wings. Refitting Enterprise for spaceflight would have involved dismantling the orbiter and returning the sections to subcontractors across the country. This would've been too expensive so NASA retired the aircraft (not a spacecraft!). It was restored and placed on display at the Smithsonian. 
Your God Damn Right
I love the power of nerdom
Should have been the falcon
It unfortunately wasn't a real Space Shuttle, just a drop-test mock up. They should have named one of the real orbiters "Enterprise", would have been cool and played well into the fictional "timeline". I don't think NASA appreciates all the grass-roots interest and support they get from the "trekies". I kinda wish somebody would really establish a "Starfleet Academy" in Frisco too, maybe they could do one of those "crowdfund" things to get it going.
In the Prime universe, Archer dies in 2245, one day after the WW2 aircraft carrier USS Enterprise - its founder served on the franchise.
I think the best name won.
I thought constitution never flew in space. It was the tech test bed. NASA did not want it named Enterprise,  because it would not fly in space. After the tests, I think most of the parts were used in Columbia.
But it's a shuttle not a space ship
Which is why they should've waited on the Truman left last week with a wonk.
If there's one thing Trekkies can do, it's write successful letter campaigns.
Huh. On Monday I mentioned this to my Math 101 students (there was a context for it, I swear!). Now I'm wondering if you are one of my students are found it out from them. But not likely, almost certainly a coincidence. 
Why are we always linking to mobile Wikipedia?
Yeah, I'm watching this show to OP...
Columbia,first space shuttle!
In Star Trek canon, the first starship Enterprise was named after the NASA shuttle.
If only D&amp;D fans worked that hard, we could have Charisma, THAC0, Magic Missile and Tiamat to follow.
I wonder how many Star Trek fans even know what the Enterprise is named after.
I'm pretty sure that the first space shuttle was the Columbia, not the Enterprise.
It's always fascinating to see people find this out for this first time.

Like how old news is new news every year or two.
Ha!  Star Trek's USS Enterprise was a Constitution class starship 
They couldnt name it the Constitution because the Constitution is still a commissioned vessel with the U.S. navy. If in some weird twist of fate worst came to bloody worst they could still use her. Until Ironsides is decommissioned we will never have another vessel by that name. That jersey is retired. Also the Columbia was the first shuttle.
NASA fought against naming this prototype Enterptise.  It was never meant to have an engine of fly on its own power in the sky, let alone Space.

NASA wanted the first space faring SPACE shuttle to be named Enterprise.  The first of many space advancing NASA's mission shuttles. 

But sadly the Trekkies (I am a HUGE Star Trek fan, TOS to the Enterprise spinoff) freaked out all over NASA with a letter writing campaign.

And all they got for it was a space shuttle that could only fly strapped to the back of a Boeing jumbo, and a ground based photo op for Gene Roddenberry and our Star Trek stars.
No offense to Americans, a little patriotism is fine, but I'd still like to say: thank you Star Trek fans! 'Constitution' is a cringe worthy name.
I think Battlestar Galactica would have been cooler. 
Too bad the star wars people didn't write in to have it named the Executor. 
I think we'd have better grassroots patriotism if the name remained "Constitution". I prefer the original name, all that ship-class stuff aside. 
Letters. Hear that you young ones? Letters get things done.
They should give them cooler names like from Halo.(Forward Unto Dawn, In Amber Clad, Argent Moon..)
That's fitting.  The constitution is about freedom, and star trek is about the psychotic fantasy that socialism works...and most of you, despite history, still believe in that ridiculous fantasy.
Zzzzzzzzzzz
Uggggggh, fucking people. I like Star Trek and all but come on.
Yes, because Star Trek is more important than the most important document in U.S. history.
Fucking nerds, lol. 😜
Ahhh America! Where entertainment beats history every time! 
Ummm ... NO .. 

Enterprise was NOT the first SPACE shuttle. It was never designed to fly in space. It was the atmospheric test model. 
That's one of the dumbest things i've ever heard.

&gt;Hmm should we name it after one of the most important documents in history or after a stupid fictional ship?
Space Shuttle *Millennium Falcon* would have been so much cooler.

Too bad all the Star Wars fans were too busy to write letters, you know, having lives and stuff.
Americans care more about Star Trek then the constitution. Whats new?
&gt;Founded as a division of Microsoft in 1996, Expedia was spun off in 1999, and was later purchased by TicketMaster in 2001

TIL
Priceline, Booking.com, and Kayak are all owned by Priceline as well.
This is just like that time I found out Jared, Zales, and Kay jewlers were all owned by the same company...
Some helpful advice when booking hotels. 

I like to travel and have worked front of house at a hotel for quite a while, so every time I'm planning a trip I go to Tripadvisor and look at hotel reviews. I find a few that I like/are in my price range and search their rates on the big travel sites i.e. Expedia, Kayak etc. Then contact the hotel/s and list the prices I have found. They will match them. Then you ask for a cheaper rate and tell them it's more convenient for you to book all your flights/hotel/car rental in one place but will book with them if they could offer some sort of incentive. It may not always be a discount but it could be breakfast included or something along those lines. 

Hotels will always offer to get your business because the third party companies are claiming majority of the price. The only instance where I have found where Expedia were able to undercut a hotel was when they offered me a 30% discounted rate if I booked hotel/flight at the same time. Called hotel and they advised me to take it lol

I hope this helps some peeps and I'm sorry it's so long

TL;DR do your research and contact hotels directly before booking online because they will want to keep your money 'in house'. 
Another interesting fact is that is was created by Microsoft. Hence why it is headquartered in Bellevue (soon to be relocated to Seattle!)
HomeAway (which in turn owns VRBO and...well, pretty much everything in the space except AirBnB) is also now an Expedia company. 
HEY HEY, HOTEL WORKER HERE!
THESE GUYS DON'T GIVE YOU A DISCOUNT! Where as I can give a 5% discount if you come in and ask nicely, these guys charge full price or more! It's true! I swear! Stop using them, they suck -_- They lose reservations, you can't get refunds if you hate the hotel or have an emergency, and they NEVER put the correct type of bed you need (and yes that gets annoying). 


Obligatory edit: I've never got gold and I didn't think it'd be for this haha. But thanks! Also, some people have said they had other experiences, and I agree that all hotels are different. The best thing to do is get your total online, then call to see what the hotels rate is (without even mentioning online deals), that way you know what discount you're getting, and if you're getting one.
Corporate accountant here (although not for any of the companies listed here). At least from what I've seen, even though the parent company will call the shots with some things, each entity really operates independently. So the takeaway from this post shouldn't be "oh then if they're all the same, they all will have the same value and it won't matter which one I choose (or don't choose) because it's the same company". The strengths and weaknesses of each product, and the value they can bring you, can still be radically different. Corporate really just wants the profits...and often they will realize that trying to meddle too much or change too many things could ruin a brand.

So when a company purchase happens, you don't have executives/corporate ordering them to change everything they do to conform. No, they want the company to keep doing what made it worth buying in the first place. You will see similarities between hotels.com and Hotwire, but they aren't pulling from the same databases and their product ranges are not identical...not by a long shot.

Do we resist the fact that one company gets the profits? Yeah. But does it mean that the products of two entities are identical? No.
Noone will see this but I'll say it anyways: Matchbox and Hot wheels are both owned by Hasbro. It blew my 8 year old mind. 
&gt;According to Richard Barton, their first CEO, the word Expedia is derived from a combination of “exploration and speed” and contains the high-point scrabble letter "X." [You can learn more about Expedia's brand etymology and evolution here.](http://www.rewindandcapture.com/why-is-expedia-called-expedia/)

We're supposed to believe it came from "Exploration" and "Speed"? 

Wait a second. How the heck is the name not based on solely the word 'expedient'? Maybe the answer's in that link provided by the Wikipedia article:

&gt;If you are curious about what Barton means by “high point Scrabble letter (X) ... check out his [article on picking brand names.](http://hopperanddropper.com/syllables-scrabble-letters-and-picking-brand-names/)

Nope. Expedient also has an 'x'. This remains unexplainable to me. Why would he decide it's based on two words, neither of which are the word to which it's most close? I don't get it. I'd base it on expedient. But there's more here:

&gt;At first, [the first Expedia CEO] considered naming the company “Microsoft Travel,” but quickly changed his mind.

Yeah, that wouldn't have gone very far.

^edited ^and ^then ^unedited ^and ^then ^edited ^slightly ^to ^clarify
How To Get Rich 101: Own multiple businesses that compete against each other and simultaneously dominate the market.
[The illusion of choice](https://cantseetheforestforthetrees.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/who-owns-what1.jpg)
HomeAway is in process of being bought by them too. That's VRBO, all of the bob rental sites etc.
Anybody have links to legit great deal hotel/fight websites?? 
I just go straight to the airline, and to the hotel.

I always do better than the advertised rates and I never pay additional fees.
Congratulations on posting an actual useful TIL
My company sent me to inventory Expedia's datacenter, and I thought it would take like 14 minutes. Then I walked in and saw about two football field's worth of servers and networking equipment. Goddamit. 
In Finland these sites are always way more expensive than booking through the hotel directly. 
The American economy has become reminiscent of that of the 1900s. There's little to no competition in various economic areas. It isn't healthy for an entire economy to be controlled by a handful of giant companies that have eaten up the competion. This is the problem we have with the food, cable / Internet, automotive, banking, oil, and many other industries. 
And this explains why I can't get a decent hotel deal from any of these sites. Want an example try to get a room and see what the fees wind up being. 
And orbitz also owns cheaptickets.com, for whatever that's worth, so expedia owns that now, too.
I feel like i fell into an instance of the internet swallowing its own ass on this one..... is this all true?
And they're all a nightmare to deal with on the back end.

Source: night shift at a hotel.
They all sellout eventually. Just look at Aviato.
As someone who just got laid off from Orbitz as a result of the Expedia buyout, I can vouch for this.
Anyone dealing with hotel reservations from the other side of the desk is aware of this and OTA reservations are the bane of our existence. "Yes sir, I'm aware Expedia said we would refund you, but you didn't actually pay *US*, you paid Expedia."
The internet is one giant scam....with full corporate backing and gov't approval.

Seriously, 75% of the internet is complete bullshit...quite literally.
Sounds alot like the Vail Resorts situation for any ski/board enthusiasts out there. Not only do they own 10+ premiere ski resorts in the US, they also dabble in lodging, and purchased Colorado Mountain Express (CME) in 2008. CME is one of the primary ground transportation resources in Colorado, providing service from Denver to various ski resorts--owned and not owned--by Vail Resorts.
For some reason the Vail dominance over winter sporting (at least in CO) always seems to surprise Denver locals. This post reminded me of that situation so I thought I'd share.... 
I work in a hotel that has to deal with these guys and I am pretty sure I am not allowed to talk about how shitty it can end up being to deal with third party booking sites like these. Naturally, AMA.
Hotels love it when you book directly through them.  If you ask the hotel to price match with Expedia they'll often do it because the hotel will reap 100% of the profits and avoid paying commission.  As an example,
&gt;
*A hotel will sign an agreement to have some of their rooms sold on a particular website.
&gt;
*The hotel has 100 rooms and the hotel must allocate 10-15 rooms each day for the OTA to sell.
&gt;
*The OTA must sell the rooms at 30% – 40% below the hotel’s best available rate (BAR). The BAR is the lowest rate that the hotel advertises to the public on its own site and what is quoted to guests when they call the hotel directly to make enquire about room rates.
&gt;
*So if the rate on a hotel’s website is $200, the OTA will have the same room listed at $140.
&gt;
*Of this $140, the hotel pays 30% commission to the OTA.
&gt;
*The hotel makes $98 from a room they are advertising at $200.

http://learnhotelmanagement.com/how-online-travel-agencies-work/
And they all are equally terrible for hotels. Please always book direct and save us and you a potential headache.
You're going to shit when you learn how media ownership is distributed.
Travelocity dicked me over, so I switched to hotels.com.  Well, I sure showed them...
[This graphic](http://weknowawesome.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/awesome-brands-companies.jpg) shows that many "competing" brands are actually owned by the same entity.
Welcome to the Big 6!
Priceline and Expedia own or are affiliated with 80% of the online travel sites out there.  They are the two main players left in the game.  They have rate parity agreements with all the major hotel chains which means they get the same rate the hotel offers on their own website or directly to you at the front desk.  Expedia actually has an army of workers that harass hotels that violate these parity agreements and force them to comply or they will remove the hotel's listing.  Due to their booking power, this can cost a hotel a lot of money.  The one place you can still score deals are through websites like Hotwire and Priceline's name your own price section where hotels can offer opaque rates that don't fall under chain level parity agreements.  These sites are often where hotels will offer deeply discounted rates to fill rooms, especially during "last minute" sales (think booking a room at 3 PM for that same night).  With all that said the best way to get a deal and not help massive evil companies like Priceline and Expedia grow is to book direct with a hotel by calling or going to their website.
Well, time to use Kayak.
Thats interesting. I wonder why they need so many different (but same) branches 
I came here looking for an alternative.  Does anyone know of anything better to use?
These sites are ALL such a ripoff!!!  I managed a large independent hotel for 12 years.  In about 2005, the owners decided that they wanted to try Expedia.com to see if it helped business any.  When I saw how people were being ripped off by that company, well, let's just say it was disgusting!  And they thought they were getting a great deal!  

Our normal rate for a single room at the time was $56.50 a night, tax included.  Because the owner had no mortgage on the hotel we were able to keep our rates low and still make her a tidy profit, which in itself was a help to business.  Well, once we joined Expedia.com, instead of $56.50 a night, guests were paying $85.90 a night, PLUS, WE WERE ONLY REALIZING $29 of that!!  

I started letting people make their reservations, then when they would come to sign in, I would tell them what was happening, I would tell them to cancel their reservations with Expedia and it would save them $30!  As long as we told Expedia we were not charging them for a less-than-24-hour-out cancellation they didn't get hit with any fees.  When I told the owner what was happening she told me to drop Expedia ASAP.  I guess it's OK for corporations, maybe, if they are THAT greedy that every room MUST be filled, but for people with a conscience, it just doesn't make you feel good when you know that you are costing people that much more money that they shouldn't have to pay!
I've played poker with one of th owners. He's good at holdem and Omaha, which sucks balls. Somebody worth that much money should not be a winning player. It's just not fair.
I just found out red baron pizzas and freschetta pizzas are made by the same company. 

I'm not surprised by any of this 
Yes, and wotif here in Australia as well.
No wonder their prices are all the same.
Travelocity was owned by Sabre holdings?
Imo booking.com is better they got those dank commercials. 
Welcome to the corporate world. Everyone owns everyone and the laws don't matter!
But what's the deal with the Trivago commercials?
H O T W I R E HOOOTWIREEEE.COM~
They also own wotif.com, an Australian company they took over around a year ago.
The illusion of choice 
i feel like this has been a business strategy since the Rockefellers had to split Standard Oil into all the different 'names' it is today.

other great examples are popular soda, car manufacturers, and the media lol..  The illusion of competition.
But hotels.com has the best perks
Is this to create the illusion of competition, or did they buy all the competition and just keep the names going?
THIS IS AN AD
Worked there.  Do you know how much of a pain in the ass it is to support legacy webapps?  Each bought out company has to have their website stack maintained and they are all different.  It's a pretty hectic place.
Expedia also just bought HomeAway, which is the biggest Vacation Rentals company. HomeAway bought up most of the competition and now Expedia bought them. People in the Vacation Rentals industries was worried about HomeAway before, now we are scared.
Yeah haven't they been for a decade or so? Kayak even ties them all together. I've had some horrible experience with Kayak.
You can add HomeAway.com, VRBO.com, and BedandBreakfast.com to that list. Plus tons on international sites. 
They all sellout eventually. Just look at Aviato.
Do we really want to start playing the *x*, *y*, and *z* companies are all owned by *a* company?  Pretty much there are like four mega-corps who own everything.
I have a feeling that if you looked into it you'd find that every company is owned somehow by one company. 
The illusion of choice
Thats why they are called anti-trust laws not anti-monopoly laws.  The rich learned 200 years ago you need to give people the illusion of choice.
And they can all suck a majorly fat cock.

Source: hotel employee 
Not nearly as bad as Luxotica owning virtually the entire sunglass market out there...https://youtu.be/voUiWOGv8ec
Just tell 'em to stop calling me!

(Yes, I know it's a scam.)
And you should never book with any of them. They have pretty much iron clad cancellation/change policies and unless you were smart and bought the travel insurance then you are hosed if anything comes up. Call the airlines and hotels directly yourself because most of the time they can give you equal or better rates.
As someone who works in the hotel industry,  I fucking hate them all. 
Exodia Inc
Skiplagged is becoming my favorite lately. 
http://www.neatorama.com/2008/07/07/who-owns-what-on-television/

controlled media
That's true for a lot of jewelry stores-many in the same mall.
And ask have no refund policies. 
I'm currently 40, and at this point, which is where your money to, but in the end they are the workaround.
that's why i use trippysheeshee.
Poopy snoopy on all of them! If I have to stay home.
There's still Hipmunk! ;)
What about Aviato?
At least they don't own hipmunk.  Right u/spez?
I also came up with the same answer. I at some point thought, why can't I build different companies that work in the same field, offering different unique benefits. The idea is that they will be fooled into thinking that they are shopping around for a better deal..
[Stringer was doing similar](https://youtu.be/mDBq-OU1rHo?t=157) starts at 2:37

GOT DAT PANDEMIC!
They now also own HomeAway which they acquired a few months ago.
Carrentals.com is Expedia as well.
it's easier to compete when you don't have to compete

Expedia used to be part of Microsoft!!! Yay! I used to work there! Yay!!!
you can't modify an expedia reservation on checkin, same for just about any prepaid reservation. you can't change the duration of your stay or get a refund if you try to cancel it or leave early. 
The Coca Cola and Mars company of accommodation!
Yeah, most shit out there is like this. See: any chain restaurant you like.
People don't object to monopolies, only to the *appearance* of a monopoly.
First thing they teach u when training for front desk agent 
They just bought Orbitz here in Chicago not long ago; which was previously a cool place to work I heard as far as tech goes. Now, like Groupon, there appears to be whispers and fear of workforce consolidation/reductions since the purchase.
Yeah I learned this when getting transferred 10 times (we counted yes) trying to redeem my HotPoints; we were eventually transferred to an Expedia agent in the Philippines. We were confused.
What's the best site for booking hotel rooms at discount prices? 
Well... Kayak it is.
This is why I like kayak.com
Ah, the impression of competition and choice
Try looking up international amusements and their holdings
American Capitalism at work.
Just how wwe owns roh
Check out [Hipmunk](https://www.hipmunk.com) for flights and hotels. I really like their layout and algorithms. 
Wouldn't this be considered a monopoly? Pardon my ignorance if i'm wrong.
Welcome to American capitalism.
trying to find a hotel room near the NHRA Mile High Nationals on Saturday night is difficult without reservations.  So, there were four of us, went to four hotels.  We finally got the young woman at the fifth front desk to give us the room in the top corner of the hotel that all of the employees went to for a smoke break at a discounted rate and move in a couple beds/mattresses and blankets.  lol.
I don't understand how they are profitable. Or how a hotel actually makes money using these sites. Can someone please elaborate?
So go with Captain Kirk and Mr. Spock on a magical journey to priceline.com.

What about the one with the gnome? Is it part of OP's conglomerate? 
And they all suck.
h o t w i r e
Hello capitalism, you sneaky friend. 
Wow!
MICROSOFT
And these founders also went on to launch Zillow and Glassdoor. Lloyd Frink, Rich Barton, and Spencer Rascoff.

The Orbitz one is the one that shocked me, mostly because they use their own Extranet...while reservations booked through expedia and hotels.com are both pulled from the same one. 

Source: I work in a resort
And they are all owned by or subsidiaries of [IAC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IAC_%28company%29) ...
[
Too many to list](http://iac.com/brands)
I don't know if wotif.com is big anywhere else. Its the dominant player in Australia and Expedia recently picked them up too 
Look up [InBev](http://drinkamerican.us/inbev-brands-to-boycott/) or [Endurance International](http://www.webhostingchoose.com/business/all-endurance-international-web-hosting-brands/)

That is a meeting talking about hiring a focus group to determine the feasibility of scratching the surface of giant, own-everything brands

Edit: 2008 link above, here's [Wikipedia on InBev]( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/InBev_brands) thx!
i use hotwire all the time.  using tools like http://www.betterbidding.com will help you figure out what hotel you are getting.  i use this all the time when traveling to vegas and almost all the time get 5-star rooms at almost half off while knowing beforehand what hotel it is.
Therefore my last purchase at any of these. Orbitz is pretty sleazy. 
But..but Trivago told me that unlike all the other sites, it checks _everything_ and will definitely give me the best price.  You don't think they might just be bullshitting us do you?
Look up Rick Ross on Expedia.com!
If you can't beat em, own em 
Being owned by the same parent company does not mean they are all the same service. Each can have its own advantages. Some may have been acquired by the parent company. 
You get cheaper prices off of the hotel websites. The only reason these websites provide cheaper prices is because Expedia Inc. promises no cancellation. 

BUT.

If you contact the hotel first and they agree to cancel your reservation then call Expedia Inc.. The customer rep will tell you initially that they can't cancel, just inform them that the hotel said you can. Customer rep will then contact the hotel in question and once they confirmed with the hotel, you get your cancellation and full refund. 
Better research Synchrony bank then
I could have told you that...
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/hailcorporate] [TIL all these websites are owned by the same company](https://np.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/3v95w6/til_all_these_websites_are_owned_by_the_same/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Sheesh. It's like that one sunglasses company.
Well now I don't feel as bad for using Google's flight search tool. At first people complained that it would take business from the established travel sites, but now I realize they're not exactly the "little guy" 
Not surprising at all
TIL many competitor company owns it's competitors companies
I believe expedia just bought homeaway and vrbo which are aribnb's only big competitor. 
Don't use any of the online travel sites. Always bad news if you make any changes. 
That makes sense because it seems like stuff is basically the same price everywhere.
And you should use none of them. Fuck Expedia. 
So what or who has the best way to get a good price on a hotel? I used Priceline when I went to Vegas years ago. When I went to Florida a few months ago I just looked up prices on priceline then called the hotel myself. 
Im actually working in their Bellevue Office right now, looks like a great place to work. Complimentary drinks, gaming rooms on a few floors aswell as minibars on a few floors.
Here's one for you, Match, OKcupid, Tinder and  plenty of fish are all part of Match Group Inc. Match Group is a wholly owned subsidiary of IAC/InterActive Corp. IAC used to be Ticketmaster when it bought Expedia from Microsoft in '01, although it was spun out in to its own company in '05.
Illusion of choice...
Got me into some trouble in India. I booked a hotel online and when I came there they said they could not see my booking. 

Had a long discussion with them and got angry because there was another booking with exactly my name and dates but they refused to belive it was me even though I showed my mail, recipe and everything. Eventually I realized their problem was that I said I booked with Hotels and they said expedia. I just said okay my bad I booked at expedia and then I got the key...
Not so funny fact: I was working in the building across from the construction site that would become the Expedia building when a crane from the construction site collapsed. It crashed into a residential building and killed a Microsoft lawyer.
Hotel guest services, reservations, and concierge here. I have to explain this to people on the daily. It's really not a very well known thing because a lot of them do different things and offer different policies.

I hate them.
Steinbeck's The Pearl.
They own and invest in more than that. Also dont forget that Priceline, Kayak, Booking.com, Agoda, OpenTable, RentalCars, and more are owned by the Priceline Group. 
that is horizontal integration my friends
They also own Wotif.com
So it's basically worthless to get multiple sources then? We just need to either not use those services or risk getting lied to.
Fun fact; most corporations all tie back to the same very small group of people. That's why this country is so fucked up. Said small group of people controls most of the voting.
And Priceline owns Booking.com, priceline.com, agoda.com, KAYAK, rentalcars.com, OpenTable, and William Shatner.
Do you really make your food choices based on expedient, they're just similar.
Once the customer states the budget, they have the illusion of choice is when you arrive.
Hotel guest services agent over here! I alway recommend people don't book through these sites because a lot of the time your special requests will not come through to us and often your room type that you booked won't come through either. Say you book a deluxe king suite no feather pillows due to alleges or something it will sometimes pop into our system as a standard queen room. No extra info given. In addition to this, we typically cannot adjust your rate nor refund your room if there is an issue with the room your staying in. If you normally receive discounts because your military, senior or members of things like BCAA or CAA your SOL we can't touch your reservation without someone from the third party (Expedia, bookings, travel web etc) approving it first. Which can be super frustrating when your waiting for them, and subsequently us, for over an hour in the middle of busy season. Think of it like this: your reservation is with them we just give you the room for the night
the illusion of choice; you get the same with supermarkets.
so is wotif.com
Also: Staples owns Office Depot and Office Max.
This is why I go with priceline... It has William Shatner.
If you dig deep enough every multinational company in the world is owned by a few old crusty white people.
As a front desk clerk, I've known this for years.
Can anyone explain why a company would want to make competitors for their own product???
I thought that was one of the oddest things when I found that out because those are about 90% of the hotel booking sites that come through the hotel I work at. All equally as shitty when it comes to customer service and there's always a catch for the cheaper price. 
Source: two years in hospitality
and all of their customer support sucks. expedia itself has gotten better but hotwire and hotels.com are still abysmal. Why they use different support numbers I will never understand. (I work front desk at a hotel) while hotwire you can actually get rooms dirt cheap at hotels the people you talk to have no idea what kind of room they give you. actually had one of their reps on the phone say yeah we just book rooms we can't see what it is, it just says you guys have rooms. But as far as most of the others... call the hotel directly and ask for AAA, AARP, military rate, etc. or if we can work with you on price, 9 times out of 10 I will if you're not being a twat. also you book expedia thinking you're getting a great deal, they charge you $115 for the room I would have normally charged $109 for and we only charge expedia  $92 for. le boned.
not booking.com
This situation is not uncommon at all within the travel industry. Most large online tour operators work under multiple brands. There are situations where companies will have their main brand where they provide a high service and look after their customers and smaller brands which they pile the product high and sell it fast just to supplement their group profits without tarnishing the good name of their main brand. 
In some cases a group will own their own bed bank (a collection of thousands of hotel contracts which are sold B2B business to business). This allows them to sell the exact same contracts through their different brands which all have their own demographic. 1 brand might be more geared up to selling cheap 3* hotels, whereas another may be aimed towards 5* luxury. 
These bed banks also sell to thousands of other travel agents outside of their group, causing a huge conflict of interests. This is a necessary evil though due to the fact that the sheer volume of contracts they sell, allows them to negotiate cheaper rates than your every day travel agent. 
Can guarantee you you've probably booked an Expedia contracted hotel via a completely unrelated online tour operator. 
No, they want the company they liked the idea of the internet swallowing its own ass on this one..... is this all true?
yep, i pretty much just check priceline.com and expedia.com as they'll cover 90% of all travel site algorithms. 
If you are trying to stay at that hotel again despite the convenient location.
Also own Wotif and Lastminute
The Internet was alive and growing like a bit of an idiot.
Please.  Please, whatever you do, don't tell me Kayak is in on this shit.
That's what you can work with clients to help ease the process no shit.
On the plus side, they make good travel guides: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3ISUUO0CSo
Leading you to beleive you have options and are thus receiving the best deals. Welcome to the world of marketing.
I've gotta say, I've used hotwire secret rate numerous time and have gotten some deals on 4/4.5 star hotels in various cities ranging from 70//night to 90/night. They lay out any parking fees and there's also a website dedicated to finding out the secret rate hotels in whatever region of the city you're in. For the most part, they're spot on. Just passing along my two cents as I've gotten on bargain deals there.
I want to say I'm surprised by this.... I really want to. But I'm just not. Every since I learned our major Cable and News outlets are owned by (boiled down) to 3 companies I just kinda went "Well, fuck it. Monopoly right?"
I feel like this is similar to Pornhub owning YouPorn, RedTube, Tube8, etc.
And we only use Kayak or Priceline.
    TL;DR Someone is rich.
Business, just business. 

I worked at a hotel for a while, and tried to tell people this constantly. 
If you're going to be in a pricey area, I'd say check out airbnb. I stayed in Tokyo for a week for $250, had my own room and bathroom in a nice family's house near a train station. It was great.
Talk about monopoly
Was trivago taken over in the last couple of years? I noticed it started to get worse at finding good prices around the same time a huge marketing campaign for them started
shocker

maybe not hotels, but I have gotten crazy car rental deals through priceline a few times, and another that was called airport rental car or similar. so good I did not believe it until I returned the car, I kept checking my credit card. crazy, had a car for 4 days for $50 in Chicago, unlimited mileage. anyway, was a few years back.
The illusion of choice. 
I thought this was obvious. All the sites have the same UI.
thats why you should clear cookies when trying to beat prices across services, as once you search once they normalise prices against all their other sites
[Did you know that Orbitz used to hide lower priced hotels if they detected you use a Mac?](http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052702304458604577488822667325882) 
Then you ask for a higher price?
TL;DR

"He **earned $1 million himself** from the fraud, **which he returned** as a result of the case. He was **sentenced to 3 years in federal prison** and was released on October 21, 2005. 
Some **51 other members of the conspiracy were indicted**, and many pled guilty, yet few faced stern sentences."
&gt;So thousands of people with 3 out of the 4 railroads are all searching for Short Line Railroad, with only 1 in 150 million odds of finding it.

I expected some pieces to be rare, but 1/150,000,000 seems really high.
And in 1995, St. Jude's Hospital received an anonymous letter with a $1 million winning McDonald's Monopoly game piece. Although it was against the rules to transfer prizes, McDonald's honored it even after learning that the piece was sent by an individual involved in an embezzlement scheme.

You think they would have caught on then.
But then in 2001 he rolled doubles and got out of jail. 

It's always funny to see this pop up. My old boss and friend was one of the 51. I heard about him winning the one million dollar prize and my first thought was "but blank is a vegetarian! He never would eat at McDonalds". He kept the money in a separate bank account and didn't touch it for months, not knowing the Feds were watching him. He wrote a check for a pizza one night and they raided him. No jail time, and he stole a million bucks. Crazy.

http://nejamelaw.bmobilized.com/?ref=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nejamelaw.com%2Fnews%2Ffaherty-case.html 
When I was growing up, My dad worked at a printing company that printed these, We were not allowed to participate due to that fact.

EDIT: Fixed bad engrish
The Florida Times-Union describes how Jacobson made off with the valuable real estate:

&gt;Jacobson oversaw a security process that began at a printing plant where pieces were made, separated by value and stored in a vault. He was responsible for transporting those pieces in sealed envelopes to plants that manufactured McDonald's food cartons and cups, where the pieces were supposed to be attached.

&gt;But Jacobson would slip into airport bathrooms, lock himself in stalls and carefully open the envelopes to steal the pieces. He received cash kickbacks for stealing 50 to 60 pieces and bought homes, cars and other property.
Jacobson couldn’t redeem the pieces himself, nor could his family without attracting attention. Instead he sold the pieces to people he recruited through friends and family. Some of the recruits mortgaged their house to pay a mysterious figure they knew only as “Uncle Jerry.” The prizes included $10,000 cash prizes, cars, and even the rare $1 million prizes awarded with much fanfare.
Everything is rigged....  My buddy's Mother used to work in a potato chip factory.  The company always had promotions like winning skateboards, Walkmans and other cool stuff under $100.   Well let's just say my buddy always had one of each of those prizes as did all the other workers at the factory.  He said everyone stole the winning cards at his Mother's work.

I used to go to a bar back in the day and once a year or so when you bought a certain beer you got a scratch card to win free beer, t-shirts etc...    Well my friends and I were always good tippers so the bartender just handed us a bunch of scratch cards each and thanked us.  They were all winners, they knew which were the winners in advance and gave them to a small group of people.

I used to work at a small TV station that had monthly contests for gift baskets, tv's and other small to mid range stuff.  The promotions woman who I worked for did the drawings and would throw out peoples names.  "oh this lady won a few months ago" even though there was nothing in the rules about that.  

 
I worked in a federal prison from 1999-2008.  We had one of the executives of this scam firm.  I out processed him when he finished his sentence and he was completely unapologetic.  He bragged that it was a really sweet deal and the only reason they got caught is the CEO displayed too much of his ill gotten gains.  He was excited when he described it, it really made him happy. So much for rehabilitation.
Nothing much came of it, either.  McDonalds was NOT in on this, they hired Simon Marketing to manage the game.

8 of Simon Marketing's employees were arrested and charged with stealing the prizes.  Of those convicted, 4 convictions were thrown out on a technicality.

Simon's management was not held liable, either.  In fact McDonalds broke off relationships with them because all that shit was stolen under Simon's management.  But Simon Marketing then sued McD's for breach of contract and still won $16.6M.  So Simon's owners won even after all that stealing.  It's such an unusual situation it's not clear how this was a crime.

One guy mailed a $1M winning piece to St. Jude Children's Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee.  A STOLEN piece, one of many he stole.  Now think about that.  Did he think donating part of the stolen proceeds to charity redeemed him somehow?  Robin Hood?  Did he think it would get him public support or a sympathetic jury?  I have no idea.  It was hardly a sacrifice on his part.  He stole it.
&gt;The scheme worked for six years, until someone recruited by Jacobson and his friends to win a 1996 Dodge Viper revealed the fraud to the FBI. The agency in turn launched “Operation Final Answer,” in reference to Who Wants to Be a Millionaire. 

However, the show [Who Wants to Be A Millionaire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire_(U.S._game_show)) didn't start until 1999.   Rather peculiar.
What's the difference between looking and literally looking?
I worked at the LA office of Simon Marketing (the company that employed Jerome Jacobson as head of security) in 2001 when this happened. We were called into the conference room for an all company meeting and they had on the press conference with the attorney general announcing the arrest. We all went back to our offices to clean out our desks knowing what was coming. By the end of the day they lost pretty much every client they had (Toys R US, Old Navy, Pepsi, Hallmark among others). At the time I wasn't too worried because the job market was pretty good at that point. In fact I was kind of hoping I didn't get a job right away so I could have a few weeks off. Then 9/11 happened and the job market completely dried up and I left LA. **Simon Marketing trivia part 1:** for many years Simon Marketing manufactured all the happy meal toys and one point was the largest toymaker on the planet. **Simon Marketing trivia part 2:** Heather Donahue who was the lead in Blair Witch Project quit her job there when she got the part. I was actually hired to replace her. 
There's a reason the game was called Monopoly...
As a kid in the era that was seriously trying to win this. Mcdonalds owes me like 180.00...
Even the locals are in on it.  I sometime go to McDonalds a day or two after they start it, and they giving me regular, non-Monopoly cups and boxes with no stickers while I'm literally looking at empty pealed cups and boxes behind the counters where the employees are.


Back in 1997(ish?) I won one of the bigger prizes. I won a free trip for 2 people, I think, to any one of a certain hotel in the US, airfare included. It was one of the instant winners pieces. At the time I was 15ish, so what the hell am I going to do with it? I ended up selling it to my dad's boss for $1000, a good deal for both of us, and used the money to buy my first computer.
I remember as a little kid, my then hopeful mom was listing off all her dreams-to-be if we could just win the grand prize from the mcdonalds monopoly. She bough a ton more food from there as a result, thats for sure

Bit ironic that the chances of winning were indeed monopolized by insider thieves. Or even better, mcdonalds themselves set it all up so they'd never have to pay out *if* they never got caught.
Those folks probably went on to found draft kings
Around that time, 1995ish, i actually had Park Place one year (or whichever the one youd never get was). I didnt know it at the time that it was the rare one, but i stored all my peices on our breadbox which is where we kept "important" stuff like car keys and such were put. A day or two later i was at the neighbors house and they came back with McDs. When my buddy peeled his peices, he had the other $1M peice. I freaked. Ran home as fast as i could screaming like the little boy i was. Ran inside to where i kept my peices and they were fucking gone. The only place they could have went was the trash. And guess what? The trash was picked up that day and there was only the trash under the sink. Dug through it and the entire house for that matter and no luck. Mom comes home sees me frantic and get angry at me for being frantic and tells me basically to calm the fuck down. I asked if she knew where they were and she said she had no idea. Ive always kinda blamed her though cause shes the type of person that cleans up after the boys. If i leave a glass of water alone for 15 minutes its goin in the dishwasher.

But i tell you what, If I could ask god one question when I die it would be where those fucking peices went. 

Im over it, but it still pisses me off everytime that damn game is brought up. Ok, maybe im not over it, but mother fuck! That million dollars was mine and my neighbors! Shit fuck fuck shit fuck ball face dick cunt. Ass.


K, rant over. No, i dont have tourettes.
Those McBastards...
There's a reason the game was called Monopoly...
I always knew there wasn't a real winner. Back in 2001 a few months before 9/11 my mom was a supervisor at a factory for many years. This company would distribute magazines to all the airlines. Trucks would go and pick up loads and loads of all magazines and bring them to the factory and they would wrap the magazines in a clear cover with their logo on it and then trucks would then go to the airports and deliver them to all the airlines and all these magazines would just be every where. There was also tons of magazines that would just go in the trash. So a lot of magazines always had some types of inserts like samples and cologne and the workers would always take it. So in 2001 the magazines came with game pieces and everybody would just take all of it. I had 2 sandwich bags just stuffed with games pieces. One bag was free food game pieces and the other bag was stuffed with board game pieces and I never won a damn thing. This happened for a few years before that. I realized nobody is really going to win if I didn't. At the time I went to a technical school in Daytona Beach and for lunch we would all go to McDonalds like 30 of us and just eat free. They probably hated us all. Another perk of my mom working there was that we always had like every new magazine a week before it was out. As a kid I had every single Sports Illustrated  Swimsuit Edition. My gf is sometimes confused as to why I know these old Super Models names so well haha. After 9/11 that business crumbled with all the set backs and the airlines looking where to save money. That's why you don't really see magazines on airlines like you did pre 9/11. 
[deleted]
Remember when you were a kid and you thought you'd actually win shit like this of only your parents would buy it? I'm so sorry, Mom.
TIL: reddit sucks at writing accurate headlines.  
If the judge didn't take the opportunity to say "Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200"...
The real prize is getting to eat that wonderful McDonalds, amirite?
TL/DR: A business isn't just giving away money blindly .... dammit 
My friend was a paperboy and would steal all of those inserts. So much free food.
TIL is right, this is amazing, ever since I was a child I have wondered who the people that win are if it where so even true. Never did I think people could counterfeit rewards but then again if they did currency they could easily make game pieces.
I have never won more than some food item I normally won't buy.
My parent's neighbors were family of this guy who worked security for the game pieces. Guy always had the latest cars and golf carts. Couldn't figure out how he had so much money till this showed up in the paper. 

http://qctimes.com/news/local/bettendorf-man-will-plead-guilty/article_944772cd-74f2-5449-bd77-ef44a61bbcfc.html
How did he think this wouldn't be noticed
How do they have the nerve to continue to invite their customers to play this game? It's so obvious there are still no real winners.
WTF?!?!?   FUCK THIS!!!!!!   Isn't McDouchebags liable for a class action lawsuit?!?
At least omething in this article doesn't check out.  They say the FBI's operation was named after "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire" and involved a ticket giving away a 1996 model dodge, but the show didn't air until 2000.
A friend of mine won tickets to the 2010 FIFA World Cup final from that, pretty cool 
I guess he had a monopoly on the pieces. I'll go now.
How do those Parker Brothers sleep at night?
I have a college friend whose granddad legitimately won. He purchased the McDonald's where he won with some of the money. 
&gt;"a secluded lot in, of all places, Fair Play, S.C."

Several agents were forced to retire that day, after being overwhelmed by the crushing irony. 
You know, this is exactly like when they discovered that the most likely people to win lottery and scratch card tickets were for some unfathomable reason convenience store owners and staff.  Why?  This was before the machines to check your own ticket existed, so they'd check it for you, see you won, lie, and pocket it.  Is this so shocking?  No.  It is the exact same thing on a larger scale.  The average person would have done this if given the opportunity and if they thought they could have gotten away with it, no matter how much most people claim outrage.  Not that I'm saying it is right of course, I'm just saying that people are self-interested and not that moral.
This pisses me off. I used to play McD's monopoly game religiously during those years. And now I find out that it was always a scam?

Fuck Mickey Dee's.
Former police officer. Mmm hmm. 
I'm actually really impressed.
Never in my life would I send my game piece to someone on Craigslist. That's just stupid. Probably the same people that are waiting for that Nigerian Prince to wire them their fortune
Those Draft Kings guys are getting in trouble for the same thing. I bet this is a common practice in sweepstakes.


"Someone wins a million dollars every year with us! Try your luck!" Yeah, your friend in accounting wins. The money never really leaves the company but they can honestly say someone wins it to make you feel like you have a shot.
I feel cheated.
Did they stop the monopoly promotion in favor of the football? I'm pretty certain it was around this time that the monopoly game was going on. 
I read the article but I'm still not sure which laws Jacobson actually broke. Wire and/or tax fraud maybe?
the McDonalds Monopoly game has always been a fraud.  I refuse to even buy coffee there when the scam is running every year.
[deleted]
st judes got quite a bit of that money
So, in a vault.
Another inside job.
Lmfao the fbi named the Operation Final Answer
This is why I never play. It's pointless. 
Did he think it would have caught on then.
I mean, I was around 8-9 years old back when I was playing this game. Even then, I remember having this epiphany that there's only 1-2 Boardwalks, and they're given to specific people on purpose. I really don't understand how anyone was fooled by this.
Fuckin knew it 
Power corupts.
Thats why i never believe in any lottery or gambling. its always rigged
This title makes it sounds as if McDonald's was an accomplice to this. That makes OP an asshole, because it's demonstrably untrue.
This last contest they had, there must have been a ton of instant win prizes. I bought 2 hashbrowns the other day and both were instant winners, one for a chicken sandwich and the other for a free coffee, so i went in and cashed it in and then found another winner, for free fries, next to the soda machine. 
So, in a vault.
I knew somethin was up! So I have a chance now?
I had always assumed they just hid the keys pieces in a warehouse somewhere ....
Rubble. Rubble. - Hamburglar
This year the prizes were crap. Usually i get lots of free sandwiches. I got like one small coffee. Which in Canada right now is free anyways. 
Just got Park Place.  I'm so lucky!
I would like to talk about the Taco Bell Star Wars game in 1997. I thought for sure I would win but never did.
It ain't easy bein' greasy 
I had a friend that worked for a comic book company that offered prizes as diverse as Harley Davidsons, cases of soda, skateboards and cash.  The boss got these from sponsors and then kept every single prize.

Who checks these things?  Probably no one.  So I'm not surprised the contests are rigged.
&gt;The setup draws scammers, who put out Craigslist ads or post on forums that they have Park Place and want to team up with someone who has the (rare) Boardwalk piece. When someone ignorant of the odds agreed, he or she sends the rare piece and never hears from the scammer again.

I have about 20 Park places....I'll trade 19 of them for a Boardwalk
This is what happens when you have zero oversight and you have pretty much one guy, probably making less than $50k a year, in charge of producing the pieces. To be completely honest, sounds like the fraud was a pretty easy scheme but they got greedy and did it for too many years. If I had Park Place and Boardwalk staring me in the face, yea, there is a very strong possibility I would devise a way to take some of that cheddar myself. Call me morally bankrupt, but that's me imagining a briefcase full of 20k stacks of Benjamins.
It was pretty much a scam for many years.  like most contests
Wow! And I was so excited getting Park Place one time thinking I might win a big prize...or was that Boardwalk?
He wanted a get out of jail free card but all he had was second place in a beauty contest 
I played this obsessively one year.   Then I figured the odds and how the game worked and I was so mad I never touched it again 
I knew it...well I live in Ontario and from the winners I have seen I've always though if you lived in Ontario chances of getting board walk/park place(don't remember which piece was the rare one) was zero
I stopped playing when every year it seemed like the winner made an anonymous donation to the Ronald McDonald house

how kind of them, funny how charitable all the McDonalds patrons are
If one can cheat then all these games are scams. Don't play them.
You almost never hear of anyone ever winning big on McDonalds Monopoly because there is such a high chance of someone throwing away the ultra rare piece.
Explains why my friend "lost" that last railroad piece.
I out processed him when he described it, it really made him happy.
Sky is blue too. 
Not surprised it happened in Florida. 
I remember a girl from my grade school moved to another state because her dad worked for the company that ran the promotion. Because they lost the contract with McDonald's a lot of families were relocated. Thanks Jerome for splitting up two 8 year old friends. 
No one's pointed out the amazing irony that people were taking out mortgages to pay for the prizes? That was the pattern: MORTGAGES! Life imitating monopoly. Or wait, monopoly imitating monopoly?
1 in 150 million? That's almost as bad as rare warframe drops
I work for the company that stores these things. We're not allowed to play. 
Aw man those were my prime mcdonalds monopoly years, i feel duped. 
Money can do strange things to people...
What did I say that lead you to think I thought advertising was a profit center? The evidence is (read TFA) that McDonalds either didn't have an indemnity policy, or if they did, their carrier certainly wasn't aware that an insider had rigged the game. The promotion sold a crap load of fast food... That's the profit part of the promotion... advertising being just one of the costs of the promotion. What I'm saying, that I think you're not getting is that the entirety of the promotion was structured to make money even if every grand prize was claimed... This was not a hole-in-one event to raise some amount of money less than the amount of the possible payout, it was a business promotion to raise several hundred times more sales revenue than the possible maximum payout. Very different things. In the long run, "big" payouts for this promotion increase revenue, not something that indemnity coverage is even a consideration for. McDonalds is publicly traded. Do the work, name their indemnity carrier for the Monopoly themed promotion, and I will post a video of me eating a Monopoly piece with my apology to you. 
Next you are going to tell me all those cars you can win in the mall by filling out a survey is fraud, right? pssh...ya right buddy...

Man, I had heard the story of St Jude's getting the piece anonymously and always held that as such a triumph of humanity. Now I'm back to doubting human decency...shit.

Some of you should really be eating more vegetables.
My parents were going back to school full time back and we didn't have any extra money. Our idea of fun on Friday nights was driving to all 6 McDonald's to get game pieces to fill up the monopoly board. It didn't cost money to get the game pieces the first time McDonald's put the game in production. We had so much fun winning a small fry or a drink! 
Well, that sucks.
Worked in McDonald's and we spent hours in the back opening them.
McDonald's fired the marketing company. I wonder how many people lost their jobs over this shit.
i knew it!  lol
in order to make it in this world you need to break the law 
Sounds about right...a friend of mine, an old friend, her mom was the manager and would take pieces allll the time some how
Fun fact:

A guy from the town I lived in growing up won a Dodge Viper through the Monopoly game. Pretty much kept it garaged all the time then sold it a couple years later.

True story. Much more exciting when you're 12 or so.
I participated in this contest and was robbed, can I sue McDonald's?
I remember this! Do they still do it?
I always won things I didn't like. 
Fillet o fish...ew. Never a burger I actually desired.
&gt;the former police officer 

Hey, at least he didn't shoot any puppies.

Can I sue McDonald's for the money I spent eating there during that time, and the potential winnings I was cheated out of as a result? That seems like bullshit. 
&gt;By 1995, the former police officer was stealing

he should have gotten paid vacation *YEARS* ago
How on Earth did Mcdonalds survive this scandal?
The hambugler strikes again!
So, a microcosm of the entire economy except he got prosecuted. Fitting name for the game.
nearly as scandalous as the missing 'e' in that raising canes prize fiasco. no worries. soon all shall succumb to the UNITY! 
So, cheating then?
So Simon's owners won even after all that shit was stolen under Simon's management.
The FBI is rather in the business owners $16.6M for work that would never be performed due to unexpected lawsuits/damage from natural disasters/lottery promotions.
It's not a fun story!
Although it was out.
I knew this game was fixed all along. After all those years of getting the same pieces visit after visit. LOL 
I knew something was up with that damn game. 
#What!?
world is a scam
How did that not get caught the first time?
Nobody wants a 10 year old Buick because there haven't been any winners in advance and gave them to the promoters and continues doing business started to eat into float.
I could see getting away with it for one year but five?

Even my middle school worked damned hard to keep nepotism out of their sweepstakes and my school administrators were hideous morons.

(During bomb drills they had kids sit -near- the schools. LOL shrapnel).
I thought people play it for the extra food, it was pretty obvious that despite the horrendous odds nobody really wins something worthwhile
Because people believe that successful businesses, especially corporations, have unlimited money and didn't give more of it is worth a lot of magazines always had promotions like winning skateboards, Walkmans and other property.
It makes it predictable for them what their expenses are every month or at every tournament.
If the game is run correctly. How does the winning game piece get into the public?  Does the marketing team know when it's printed and where it's going? 
I still believe it's fixed after this happened, even though the chances of winning are probably high because there are a billion McDonalds everywhere. 
Dude the one bit of information I'm missing is the 500 million dollar contract with his job. Well, of course he had to be fired, but I am kind of curious as to how is life is now as the result.
WOW hah! what are the chances that the guy that won was the guy making the pieces AND he won it 5 times in a row??? BETTER BUY A LOTTERY TICKET RITE??
I was THE project manager for mcd monopoly relatively recently. They take this very seriously and use an incredibly complex system to stop this from ever happening again. No system is impenetrable, but I highly doubt this will ever happen again.
Sounds like the guy had a monopoly.
So, for everyone that went to McDonalds specifically for that promotion, does it mean class action lawsuit?
I love that he went by Uncle Jerry. Screw the guy who told the FBI
Winner winner McChicken dinner
Those McBastards...
I FUCKING KNEW IT!!!! I seriously asked myself how come you never hear about the winners of this thing? I knew something shady had to be happening. Man I feel like my soul is at peace now or something lolol. Sucks he only got like 3 yrs. What the fuck justice system....
This is why I don't bother with most loyalty based corporate contests. Unless it's Tim Horton's, "Roll Up The Rim"
Once again proves how fucked up the US American 'justice' system is. Wealthy white people steal a million bucks? Three years, if any at all, will do. No big deal.

Jamal robs a liquor store? Better glock the shit out of this motherfucker and lock him up for good should he survive. You know, because of resisting arrest and such.
Is there a way to game the monopoly board by setting up a website to share the pieces 
THANK GOD I HAVE REDDIT TO REMIND ME ABOUT MCDONALDS AND COCACOLA ON A DAILY BASIS! Who the fuck is so god damn pathetic that they seek out facts on mcdonalds and coke every fucking day and reach the front page?
You have to be really silly, if you didn't think the contest is rigged.
As a kid I had to pay out if they never got caught.
who wouldn't expect a rich bastard ceo to lie   
[deleted]
McDonalds does worse on a daily bases. That shit is killing Americans. 

Edit: two people with a total of 6 chins were upset by my assessment. 
[deleted]
Bastards. 
I never win mcdonalds games at all.. I never win any lottery or any prices ever... why the fuck do I even bother...
But i got a large fry... I really didn't because I don't eat at McDonalds. I eat at Taco Bell and Carl's Jr/ Hardees.
I see a MacDonalds TIL every damned week on the front page.
I really would like to see a more in-depth analysis of how businesses should pay taxes on their taxes.
This time this made the front page 
I guess this make Jacobson the o.g. **Hamburglar**.
This is on the front page literally every week. What the fuck is wrong with you Reddit?
yeah but you had to be a fucking moron to eat mcdonalds because you thought you were going to win a million dollars....its a restaurant for poors....cmon.
Fraud is everywhere people are too easily corrupted.
Ambien Ambien definitely does something, but I can't find the article but I'm still not sure which laws Jacobson actually broke.
[deleted]
"McDonalds reacted to revelation of Jacobson’s actions by going on damage control. It fired Simon Marketing Inc, taking its $500 million contract elsewhere"

...so I guess we can probably kind of thank this guy for the godawful "I'm lovin it" campaign that followed. 
No doubt it still is an inside job
Shananigans!
Lucky http://www.teengazette.com/la-internet/
A friend of mine knew a kid that worked at McDonalds who took home a whole sleeve of cups that had Monopoly pieces on them. The store manager called the police and they rolled the cameras back and saw him take them. The kid then cashed in a bunch of gift cards that he won and the cops waited until he went to the stores so they can get him with even more charges. Like fraud by using stolen property to purchase items. He then went to jail for a couple weeks and paid a $2,500. I still don't believe that it happened, because it didn't. I just made all of this up...
I KNEW IT!!!! AFTER ALL THOSE ATTEMPTS AND NOTHING!! I FUCKING KNEW IT!!!!!
I'm getting sick and tired of McDonald's being on the front page everyday 
[deleted]
I actually won a FIAT car from one of them game pieces on the back of a small fry, but I just threw it away because it was too much of a hassle to give a shit 
God I absolutely dispise MacDonald's 
As a kid I got boardwalk and park place, unfortunately I had found the park place while on a multi-family vacation and no one believed I found them both. The contest was quite over by time we got back, I think I got the second piece 2 days before contest end and we were gone for a week and a half or so after that.
Downvoted, please avoid reposting old TIL for karma
Damn that's crazy! Wish I had a brilliant idea like that! 😐 Well guys is know this is kinda off subject but I ran across these guys doing a cover to that Swedish House Mafia song (which is my favorite song ever by the way) and it's actually really damn good. Just thought I would share it. If you get a second and you love music like me you should check it out https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yzcNr13i210
Hitler did that quite frequently, writing letter of condolences. During World War 2, parts of Ireland were bombed accidentally, because the Luftwaffe got confused. Hitler sent a letter to our leader at the time, Eamon deValera, apologizing for what happened. 
&gt; In a grim irony, the blast was caused by a petroleum product that had greatly enriched the small town just east of Tyler. In the rubble, rescuers found a blackboard still bearing one teacher’s message for the day: “Oil and natural gas are East Texas’ greatest mineral blessings. Without them this school would not be here and none of us would be here learning our lessons.”

Alanis Morrisette could learn a thing or two about irony from this terrible accident.

Also, my computer is suggesting 'Terrorism' as a correction to Morrisette. That's slightly off.
This accident is the reason natural gas smells like rotten eggs. Mercaptan is the chemical added to give it this smell and the reason it is added is natural gas is an odorless and colorless gas. Sad that so many kids had to die in order to protect countless others but that has been our history in how safety regulations and laws are introduced and passed. 
You know it's bad when you get condolences from hitler for a gas death...
&gt; "Adolf Hitler even sent his condolences by telegram."

I heard you also have an expensive gas bill. My condolences.
-Hitler
Little late to the party, but I have a fairly interesting story about this event. 
My grandfather went to school at New London when this happened. He was sick that day, and was barely allowed to stay home by my great-grandmother. My grandfather said his father went down to help after the explosion and came back white as a sheet and did not say a word. Grandpa still goes to the class reunions every year at 86 years old. 
Not sure why anyone would be surprised about Hitler sending his condolences. The Nazi party had a HUGE emphasis on schooling and school children and their importance in society. The Nazis placed a very large amount of their priorities on school programs, funding teaching, and after school programs.

A pretty hefty sum of Nazi propaganda was aimed at children, they even invented a Nazi version of the Scouts for children. He was Hitler, but he wasn't so inhuman that he didn't think children were important. A large amount of his speeches often were about 'securing the future for our children to grow up happy' and whatnot.

So, it makes perfect sense and was very in character of Hitler to write to the US about this disaster personally.

Edit: Since people are pointing it out, obviously the Nazi party didn't qualify Jewish children as 'real' people, as per the whole, you know, Nazi thing. Obviously when I say "children" with respect to the perspective of literally Hitler himself, I thought it went without saying that Jewish children weren't included.

tl;dr my point is, why is it out of character for Hitler to send his condolences when a HUGE sum of his propaganda was trying to depict him as a caring, powerful father figure. Of fucking course he'd do a PR stunt like that to make himself look better in the eyes of the world. 
Hitler was always so caring of others. I wish he never got depressed and committed suicide. Poor guy.
Gas leaks are not something to fuck with:

The Ufa train disaster was an explosion on the Kuybyshev Railway on June 4, 1989 at 1:15 (local time) in the Soviet Union, about 50 kilometers from the city of Ufa. It was the deadliest railway accident in Russian and Soviet history, with 575 confirmed dead.
The explosion occurred after a pipeline began leaking liquid natural gas (mainly propane and butane), creating a highly flammable cloud that was soon ignited by wheel sparks from two passenger trains heading in opposite directions near the site of the leak. Both trains were carrying many children: one was returning from a holiday vacation resort on the Black Sea and the other was en route. Estimates of the size of the explosion have ranged from 250–300 tons of TNT equivalent up to 10,000 tons of TNT equivalent. According to official figures, 575 people died and more than 800 were injured. The exact location was near the town of Asha.
Here's a [school explosion story](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cokeville_Elementary_School_hostage_crisis) where no kids die. In case you're feeling down.
I live in East Texas and have driven through this town several times. Stopped and looked at the monument they made for the disaster. It's so sad to read the list of names grade by grade. Just like a school year book.. Always wondered what it was like for a kid tht was sick tht day... While all their friends were at school... Sad sad sad
I realize I'm very late to the post at this point, but I believe my uncle Marvin is the last surviving rescuer who responded to this explosion.  He was working nearby and helped dig out survivors and the dead.  He still visits the New London School Explosion museum regularly.

He just turned 100 and is an incredible guy -- there was a fire in his home recently and this dude managed to put it out himself before the fire department got there by throwing pots of water on the flames.

At his birthday party he spoke about how it was important to him that the event be remembered for all the lives that were lost, so I think he'd be glad to know what kind of attention this post is getting. I'll pass it on to him. :)
*The* Adolf Hitler?
TIL, the smell of gas is not gas.
He hated to see gas go to waste.
&gt;Adolf Hitler even sent his condolences by telegram.

Are people surprised by this? The guy was our buddy-buddy for a decade before the war...
The school had illegally tapped a natural gas line to get free heating fuel. The school board knew about this and had given the go ahead despite obvious dangers. This reminds me of West, Texas explosion from just a couple of years ago. Had that fertilizer fire happened just a couple of hours earlier it would have been another New London.
Hitler: "Hilda take this down: Sorry to hear about the explosion, stop. Germany sends its prayers, stop. And off the record, Hilda, this gives me an idea about gas, make a note in my to-do box to tinker with some ideas"
Large parts of the US, especially Texas, were full of German immigrants, or their descendants.  During WWII Hitler encouraged Germans to move back to Germany and be part of the third reich.  He probably considered that a school full of ~~arien~~ aryan children being blown up and that was why he sent condolences.

Edit: Spelling.  Sorry aryan isn't in my mental dictionary.  When I honestly think about it this is probably the first time I've ever written or typed it out.  Never really a word I needed to use.
There was a PTA meeting that day in another part of the school. My great-grandmother brought my great uncle along, who was four or five at the time. He was misbehaving and wouldn't calm the hell down, so she told him to go outside and wait in the car. He decided to run around outside instead and wasn't around when [this happened](http://i.imgur.com/epkZfnE.jpg).
This Hitler-fellow seems nice.
I saw a documentary about this once. I don't remember the name, but there was a man that told a story about his experience that really hit me. He said that every day, he would go to his classroom and sit in a certain seat. There was a young girl (I believe) who sat a few seats behind him. For some reason one day, they had to switch seats. When the explosion happened, she was sitting in his old seat, and he in hers. The explosion killed her and not him. I remember him saying he felt guilty his whole life because of it.
[deleted]
"Sorry I couldn't be there to do it."

-Hitler
Holy fuck I did not know such a massive fuck up/accident happened ... 300 children and teachers? fuuuuck .... Think of all the fucking parents that lost their children ... that's a whole city that just lost children ... 
Damn, going over that list and realizing the 200+ names I'm reading are almost all young children who probably had no idea what was about to happen. Some of those last names repeat a few times, may have been entire generations wiped out by this, crazy to think about.
We should definetly ban Telegram, cause Hitler might use it
&gt;Although Cronkite went on to cover World War II and the Nuremberg trials, he was quoted as saying decades later, “I did nothing in my studies nor in my life to prepare me for a story of the magnitude of that New London tragedy, nor has any story since that awful day equaled it.”
My great aunt was a student at this school. A few days before the explosion, she got sick and was out of school that week. The day of the explosion she was supposed to go back, but had to take one more day off, thus saving her life. 
*"Gas leak you say?"* - Adolf Hitler
I just love it when bad people do nice things. There's something so delicious about that combination for some reason.
Did Hitler send a telegram to the school or to the gas company?
Hitler was I think on fairly good terms with both England and USA in 1937. That is not to say that there were not huge segments of both the population and leadership that despised him but as we know, guys like Ford and Lucky Lindy were his buddies with LL visiting there. That Louis Zamperini in 1936 (in Unbroken) seemed not unhappy to have chatted with him after the race. Even Jewish film makers in at least one case admired Mussolini. This was years before WW2 and the Holocaust was not even imagined. 
I find it fascinating how something natural can be undetected by humans unless something is added for us to smell it.

Hey! My grandpa was there! His sister actually died in the explosion. He still lives right down the road. My Dad went to West Rusk.  Neither one has ever said anything about getting a telegram from Hitler 
Why wouldn't Hitler send his condolences, its not like USA was his enemy.
Gas + hitler = pun
And then Adolf had a sudden clarity clarence moment when he realized you could use gas to kill people
[This is not the right time, cloud to butt!](http://i.imgur.com/MJvSM94.png)
So that was the disaster that led to the addition of stinky stuff to natural gas...

Probably saved my life last year when I did a bad job hooking up my BBQ line.
I live in Louisiana not far from where this happened. There's a story around here about this. It's true despite sounding like an old folktale. 

A family had sent their two kids, boy and girl, to this school. They were killed in this blast. The parents lost both of their children at the same time and were devastated. They never left the house again. They hired someone to deliver their groceries and such to them.

 One day they stopped calling him. He had another job and didn't think too much of it. Months later a family member of theirs came to see them. The house was a wreck, the yard was wildly overgrown. They had fired all the people they paid to do the housework and as I said they never went outside anymore. When the authorities were called they found them upstairs in their bed, long dead and partially mummified. 

Call bullshit if you want, but that shit happened. 
Hitler isn't such a bad guy after all.
Why wouldn't he? Foreign policy, even as simple as sending condolences, can go a long way.
I had never heard of this until my husband's coworker told us his grandfather was one of the survivors
I would love to have a propane or natural gas stove in my home, but will not install one due to the danger of gas leaks.  
TIL that Hitler was kind of a cool guy
This is why gas has a odor now. The odor you smell on some gases is artificial.
I have family that live around that area, so I grew up hearing about this. There's a statue in the town that gives me goosebumps everytime I drive by.
how nice of hitler to send his condolences.

goodguyhitler, amirite?
Hey! That's my alma mater! 
The gas leak year was not a good year. 
Today as yesterday terrorists use telegram
It was actually Adolph Hitler, Adolf Hitler's unfortunate American cousin. JK.
Not sure why anyone would be surprised about Hitler sending his condolences. The Nazi party had a HUGE emphasis on schooling and school children and their importance in society. The Nazi's placed a very large amount of their priorities on school programs, funding teaching, and after school programs.
A pretty hefty sum of Nazi propaganda was aimed at children, they even invented a Nazi version of the Scouts for children. He was Hitler, but he wasn't so inhuman that he didn't think children were important. A large amount of his speeches often were about 'securing the future for our children to grow up happy' and whatnot.
So, it makes perfect sense and was very in character of Hitler to write to the US about this disaster personally.
How was his grammar?
I like how Hitler sending his condolences is something surprising. He got where he was for a reason and that reason was charisma.
This is the first time Reddit has actually given me a unique fact about Hitler.
Hitler was sending his condolences *mourning the loss of* **the gas**
Hitler is a pretty swell guy. I mean, he killed Hitler after all. 
&gt; Adolf Hitler even sent his condolences by telegram

What does this even stand for ? 

It's not like Adolf Hitler was the pure-born of the devil.

He was still a head of state trying to hold good relations with most countries. In recent times pretty much every nation will send their condolences to Paris/France regarding the terrorist attacks. Every  country has some representative who will send the messages in their name. It's nothing special.

The last sentence is nothing more than a mean to grab more attention ..
Even Hitler?  My god WWII is so mythologized the US. He was a person, and actually good with kids. Also a head of state and it would have been normal to send condolances. 
Adolf was a cool cat.
You know it's bad when Hitler is like, Damn that's messed up. 
I first heard about this from one of my professors at Baylor University. His father went to school there. He had the original newspaper article and everything. Very cool history, but very morbid hearing it from someone so close to the situation. 
I'm a Texan and I did not know this. The part about adolf hitler surprised me the most TBH.
I also think that is when the added the rotten egg smell to natural gas. Natural gas does nit normally have an odor.
It is also the reason we now have 'odoured gas'.  It was because of this tragedy that smell was added to gas so that it could be detected.
What the fuck? He killed millions of people including a shitload of children with gas chambers, yet felt bad about 300 kids dying from a gas explosion...

Not only was he a massive cunt, probably evil cunt of the century, he's an inconsistent cunt at that.
Did he feel bad for the victims or the wasted gas?
Turns out Hitler wasn't that bad up until he lost his fucking mind.
How bad does something have to be for Hitler to send his condolences!?!
Hitler's telegram: Look, if there's one thing I know, it's death by gas...
The woman in the thumbnail is way too happy about dead kids from a hundred years ago. 
Holy shit! They have basements in Texas?
He sent a note because it gave him a great idea...unfortunately for pretty much everyone else.
Adolf Hitler is spelled with an "f" at the end of his first name instead of the "ph" they were using ...
Here's a [school explosion story](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cokeville_Elementary_School_hostage_crisis) where no kids die. In case you're feeling down.
Boom, shake shake shake the room. 
Even Hitler used Telegram ^_^
That's tragic and surprisingly little known outside the US. In the UK the worst ever school tragedy was in 1966, less dead (144), but no less horrific

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aberfan_disaster
Good guy Hitler!
I could be wrong, but I think this is also the same incident that made them start to add 'stench' to natural gas (NG).... NG is odorless, but the rotten egg smell is required to be added by utilities after either this or a very similar event...
Wow, this is just like one of the scene from Stephen King's *IT.* The novel, not the film. Seriously, I wonder if this was the inspiration, if that's the right word, for that part in the book.
What a great dude that Hitler guy was - I bet he sent all those Jewish, Gypsies families and friends and relatives of homosexuals condolences too.
I wish we could get a copy of it. I think it would say something along the line of..."Dear Town of New London, by the way I think that's a terrible name but too bad New Berlin is taken in New York. But I digress.  I am terribly sorry to hear about your tragic loss. Don't be hard on yourselves, it wasn't really your fault anyway. I'm sure there were other players in the cause of this. Actually, I'm extremely certain of it. So much so that I will bring action against the group of people responsible. In fact, I think this tragic incident will actually help me in my struggle. Please, tell me the name of the gas that was used?  Is it available in bulk? Kindest regards. Hitler"
I first learned about this event from the [Blue Water Highway Band song "A Voice in Ramah"](http://bluewaterhighwayband.tumblr.com/post/47616832393/this-song-is-an-original-of-ours-written-within).
That picture is completely unrelated because somehow it's linked to the "related story" about ADHD treatment underneath the article.  The strange thing is that it "looks" related because it appears to be a teacher with her student.  Really creepy..
In some ways it makes sense. All major cities in the UK were ordered to keep their lights out at night time during the Blitz. Dublin is only.. An hour (I'm not sure how fast the Luftwaffe planes could fly) from London, so it sort of makes sense that they would have assumed they were still in England when they bombed the first lights they saw.
TIL there is another New London besides the one I grew up in.
Well, Fuck me Runnin'. This is the best thing I've read all week. Thanks Reddit.
I'm amazed that for as many times as I've heard someone explain that the odor is added to the gas, I've never heard about this incident that inspired adding the odor until just this post. 
A phenomenally written fictionalized story came out this year by Ashley Hope Perez called Out of Darkness. So many feels. 
Remember folks, if you hook up any gas line, bubble check the connection with a few drop of soap in aa bottle of water. Our pipes and connectors are light years better tan they were in 37, but connections and stop valves that get loose still do damage. 
This is a few miles from my hometown, in downtown New London they have a museum dedicated to this incident. There is also a monument in the center of the town in remembrance of all of the people lost. We always took trips to both whenever I was in elementary school. 
Pipe dope. Use it. Leak check. Do it. I've seen technicians today running gas pipe with very little pipe dope, not tightening the fitting worth a crap, and even trying to fake an air test on a residential install. 
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3tith5?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Alanis Morissette - Ironic (OFFICIAL VIDEO)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Jne9t8sHpUc)|[5](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tith5/_/cx6s8n2?context=10#cx6s8n2) -  
[Alanis Morissette Updates 'Ironic' Lyrics](https://youtube.com/watch?v=6GVJpOmaDyU)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tith5/_/cx6svfi?context=10#cx6svfi) - Updated &amp;quot;Ironic&amp;quot; last week on the Late Show 
[bored marines dancing](https://youtube.com/watch?v=029mSh7vVbs)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tith5/_/cx6r9kb?context=10#cx6r9kb) - I don&amp;#39;t know about the back story, but the fact of the matter is they are the most awesome/stupidest things in the world. (yes I choose both extremes as my answer because everybody&amp;#39;s opinion must land somewhere in there) Source: am us...
[FRIENDS - S05E19 - Gas Flirting with Ross!!!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3gKwFiYpr90&amp;t=68s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tith5/_/cx6qxbh?context=10#cx6qxbh) -  
[I´m Sorry - Blondie Maze](https://youtube.com/watch?v=QNbBOq2dWv8)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tith5/_/cx6r6ya?context=10#cx6r6ya) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
There is a really great book about it called My Boys and Girls Are in There by Ron Rozelle. He was my high school creative writing teacher and has some very beautiful, thought provoking books out there.
I live in Texas and I have never been in a building here that has a basement.
This was the moment in time when Hitler realized gas was more sufficient for larger groups of people....
When I was in elementary they told us that this particular incident was the reason they added the chemical so the gas could be smelled.
&gt;I'm sorry about the loss of so much gas.
Hitler hates hearing about gas being wasted like that.
TIL Hitler had a heart
Hitler...what a great guy.
In hitler's defense (which is a horrible way to start a sentence), this was before the start of world War II, so he was still trying to prove to people that he could rebuild a broken Germany. 
Wow...I've lived in Texas my whole life and never heard of New London, Texas. I know of Paris, Texas, but not New London.
That's Addie for ya, he's always been a stand-up guy.
"I'm so sorry for your loss, what type of gas was that btw?"
Lets not forget this school explosion

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bath_School_disaster
Hitler writing letter ....a gas leak killed all these kids...hmmmm *lightbulb
This is why I try to never live in a gas powered house.
Why am I thinking about Humberto Vidal shoe store in Puerto Rico?
I went to school in New London. Some of the survivors and also family of the survivors work at the New London museum. I don't remember for certain but I think the letter from Hitler used to be on display there until someone stole it 20 years ago or so. 
Also, many of the children were buried in the same cemetery about 5 miles away. The headstones and what many of them read are an incredible and sad sight. 
Way behind (as always) but my grandma went to a school about 10 miles away from New London and she felt and heard the explosion. 
We had a veteran come speak at our school in '90.  Paratrooper, got caught, taken to POW cap.  Hitler shows up to inspect it.  They lined up at the fence, he made small talk.  "Nice guy." &lt;--literal quote.
TIL hitler has a mobile phone.
I actually went to this school from 4th grade up. Before they started so many renovations and building projects, you could see a lot of the concrete rubble that was left back behind the high school baseball field.
I used to live less than 5 minutes away from New London. The students claimed to experience paranormal oddities after the school was rebuilt. 
What a nice guy, Hitler.

Really cared for his fellow man.
Aside from the obvious joke comments, what the hell is with all the Hitler apologists in this thread?
A cousin of my father's was a teacher at the school and died in the explosion.
Adolf Hitler wasn't such a bad guy imo. 
Why the fuck did I read telegram as Instagram. I hate myself.
[deleted]
You think that's fucked up, check out Bath school disaster 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bath_School_disaster
Happened about 10 miles from where I live, still the worst mass killing at a school, knock on wood it stays that way
Based Hitler.
TIL Hitler was not the literal devil
Large parts of the US, especially Texas, were full of German immigrants, or their descendants. During WWII Hitler encouraged Germans to move back to Germany and be part of the third reich. He probably considered that a school full of aryan children being blown up and that was why he sent condolences.
Hitler, not the monster everyone paints him out to be, hes actually a decent guy.



However, he later found himself to be quite fond of gas.
That's a motivator?

A: Should we send a condolence letter?

B: I don't know, Jim. That's a lot of work.

A: Hitler sent one.

B: We can't be worse than Hitler. Send a letter!
Hitler added "I can totally take that poison gas off your hands btw."
Hitler did some things right.
Wow so even the guy who killed 11 million Jewish people still gives his condolences. 
You know it's bad when Adolf says sorry for what happened.
I read "Adolf Hitler even sent his condolences by instagram." Then I laughed. Now I feel shitty. 
Hitler said "That just ain't Reich." 
"Gas leak" uh huh ... "Hitler...." Uh huh I see what you did there 
&gt; Adolf Hitler even sent his condolences by telegram.

That just made my day.
The current theory right now is that Hitler wasn't actually a bad guy. Because of the lack of  mental health support in that era, Hitler's PTSD from WWI became extremely severe.
You think when bad guys get an idea a black light "lights up" over their head? 
He knew that the price of gas was high
good guy that Adolf.
First ISIS and now Hitler...
They should really shut down Telegram!
[deleted]
Based Hitler.
My sincere condolences to Americans for their most unfortunate loss. As a sign of respect, I shall give the children at the camps a day off.

- Adolf
"Sorry bout ya'll /s" - Hitler


Little known fact, this was the first time /s was ever used.
This made me feel empathy for Adolf Hitler. I hate that.
[deleted]
For a second I thought I was on SubRedditSimulator.
Dat plot twist!

I overread "TIL that in 1937 ..." in the title and thought that was from /r/worldnews. And I was shocked by the cruel joke at the end ...
TIL Hitler used Telegram.
So this is posted because of the Hitler thing?
Picture unrelated. 
/r/WTF
came here to make a gas joke.....didn't do it, not because its in bad taste or anything., it's just i can't come up with a good one 
that was back when he was a [rebel without a cause](http://pegitboard.com/pics/301218.png?cb=UtpKidlFUx)
See? Hitler wasn't such a bad guy.
Hitler said sorry? Gj America. Ya gone done did it this time
See? Adolph wasn't that bad
Classic Hitler.
TIL Hitler had condolences...
The fact that world leaders send condolences and then a few years later were in a world war with them is pretty scary
Luckily the same thing didn't happen during the Greendale gas leak. 
Its's the little things...
Good guy Hitler
All is forgiven.
Texas is the home of large, unnecessary explosions.
This is actually wrong.  The deadliest school disaster was actually in Bath, MI where a janitor blew up the school with fertilizer.
My immediate reaction to this post was, in Linda's voice from Bob's Burgers, "Aww! What a sweetheart!"
His telegram said:

&gt;"Wow, that's amazing! Let me try!" - Adolf Hitler
&gt; Adolf Hitler even sent his condolences by telegram.

Ultra competitive that bloke. Can't challenge a world record until it's documented.
Well, to be fair, Hitler had a good understanding of how deadly gas can be.
GGH
Hitler be like, *so they weren't Jewish children, oh that's horrible*.
That really surprises me. A more than worthy TIL. 
There are no bridges across the entire length of the river.[10] This is not because the river would be too wide to bridge; for most of its length, engineers could build a bridge across the river easily. For most of its course, the river flows through the Amazon Rainforest. There are very few roads and cities. Most of the time, the crossing can be done by a ferry, so there is no need to build a bridge. The Manaus Iranduba Bridge linking the cities of Manaus and Iranduba spans the Rio Negro (a tributary of the Amazon).

The river is the main route of traffic in the region. Most cities are on the banks of the river. The biggest city on the river is Manaus, which is also the capital of the Brazilian State of Amazonas. Many native peoples live in the Amazon, such as the Urarina[11] who live in Peru.

The whole article.
One of a few TILs that I actually went...I didn't know that or had to read to be sure
The main reason why they don't build many bridges in that region is because the amount of traffic doesn't justify it. We are talking about a long ass bridge and not enough cars crossing it. 

Yes, there are a few big cities near the river such as Manaus (Brasil) and Iquitos (Peru), but a bridge across the river would be pointless since it wouldn't take you anywhere. Most traffic to those cities goes through rivers or air since it's far too expensive to build roads through the rainforest if not enough cars use it because the soil is continuously shifting (if you've ever taken the Trans-Oceanic highway between Peru and Brasil, you'll know).
The one river in the world with penis eating fish, and they don't build a bridge over it? 
Brazil going a little overboard with that cultural focus and didn't even research Engineering.
Pardon me while I go to Google Maps and verify this via satellite imagery. 
There is a crossing at Manuas – but this is on the Rio Negro (a tributary of the Amazon), but not the river itself.
Went to Manaus for the world cup last summer. Did a 4 day excursion in the amazon. Coolest experience ever. Puts everything in perspective for sure. 
Here's an interesting story. My grandfather, a Peruvian, actually took part of many engineering construction in the Amazon throughout the late 40's, 50's and 60's. European and American investors sent him to an engineering school and trained him to build roads, bridges, and all sorts of transportation routes through the Amazon. There were oversees engineers but the conditions were so dangerous that many died and the rest refused to continue. So this left an opening that my grandfather and many other Peruvians decided to fill because the pay was extremely good compared to what other Peruvian civilians were making. As well as that having the chance to get an Engineering degree paid for and get a well paying job afterwards was once in a lifetime.

He had so many adventures working in the Amazon it's unbelievable. From running away from natives, fighting off monkeys, leopards, insects, to crossing piranha filled rivers he went he did so many crazy things. He had many friends died and he even became very ill on one occasion, on another he was almost killed by two mating anacondas. If it wasn't for one of his friends slashing them away with machetes he would have died.

He ended up making a lot of money so that when he started to have a family and settle down he was able to buy a Fish Market in the port of Surfcallao outside Lima. When my dad was 10 they immigrated to America. Unfortunately my grandfather died before I ever met him in a car crash when my father was 15.. After all he went through it was a stupid car crash that did him in. Thankfully my father and uncles remember all his stories and told me so his legend still lives on. 
For anyone interested. Here's an elevation profile on Google Earth Pro of the Amazon River.  I did it as accurate as i could without being OCD.  You can see though that it takes about 3500km to reach 100m elevation.
Red graph on bottom from left to right is the profile from the mouth of the river to one of its headwaters. 

http://imgur.com/dvw4Itr

This means that the basin area is VERY flat and leave a lot of room for wide rivers. 




Edit: clarity. 
Man, we need to get Simon and Garfunkel to work on that shit.
sounds like a job for Hammond, Clarkson and May.
I just ride a crocodile across. His name's Brett. 
Tonight on amazon Top Gear!
For most of its course, the river is the main route of traffic in the region.
Hey Ferb, i know what we're gonna do today
TIL there is a Simple language Wikipedia.
But are there any tunnels under it? 
My life has finally found its purpose.
Bt there is one on the river Kwai 
Anyone who knows the river is not surprised by this. That is one tricky water source.
to everyone wondering why there's no bridges and asking for an explanation, stop and have a think for a second, a bridge isn't going to be worthwhile unless there's some regular transit made, which isn't the case because it's in the middle of the largest and densest rainforest in the world. 

Flood waters (making development and maintenance more expensive) aside, there's no bridges because there's no need for a bridge as there's no hihg-trafficed infrastructure to travel between
I travelled to the Amazon a few years ago (to Iquitos). Like others have mentioned the rivers can get very wide during the wet season, but they can also vary greatly in height. In the dry season, certain tributaries will dry up a lot, where I think you could probably walk across. Otherwise, people just use motorboats to get around and they're fast enough to make maneouvering easy. Also, certain structures are built to accomodate for the changes in height, like houses that float on water or lodges and buildings built on stilts.
TIL there are two Wikipedias!

[the simple one](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_River#Bridges) 

and 

[the regular one](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_River)
Probably too late but I've done the ferry from Belem (on the northern coast) to Manaus. 

It takes 5 days and is a crazy journey. I took a local ferry which was 3 storeys. First storey is loaded with supplies like potatoes. Second and third are packed full of people sleeping in hammocks. 

All you do is drink cheap beer, play dominos and watch the stars at night. They play the worst music - it's top 40 music but covered by Brazilian singers and then made to sound like chipmunks.
I should go over there and build first bridge and become famous. 
Hopefully it'll remain that way.
&gt;Big ocean ships can get up the river until Manaus, which is almost 1500 kilometers from its mouth. Smaller ocean ships of 3,000 tons [12] and 7.9 m (26 ft) draft[13] can reach **as far as Iquitos in Peru, 3,700 km (2,300 miles) from the sea**.

woah
I was about to post how about the shockingly short length of the Amazon river's wiki page until I realized it was the Simple English one.
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1029099

Is this not a bridge over the Amazon?
https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/Amazon+River,+Brazil/@-3.1077275,-60.0701035,3a,75y,219.77h,81.41t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sA0tEuWJ58VL4mFr22WfOWw!2e0!6s%2F%2Fgeo0.ggpht.com%2Fcbk%3Fpanoid%3DA0tEuWJ58VL4mFr22WfOWw%26output%3Dthumbnail%26cb_client%3Dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3D2%26w%3D203%26h%3D100%26yaw%3D127.04762%26pitch%3D0!7i13312!8i6656!4m2!3m1!1s0x926eca1645365b6b:0xabfc431d20b2b474

Not sure this is true....
The first Amazon river bridge is about to open yo:

http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2010/jul/29/manaus-bridge-amazon-rainforest
Lots of fun facts for the Amazon River. 

* The outflow is so great that it is same as the next 7 largest rivers combined. (Congo, Ganges, Orinoco, Madeira, Yangtze, Negro, Río de la Plata) and over 10x that of the Mississippi.

* It carry 20% of all the water that flows into the oceans.

* The first European found the amazon because he was 200 miles out to sea and noticed that he was sailing in fresh water. He turned toward shore and found the amazon river. Ships still today anchor in the outflow of the Amazon, to remove the marine life (barnacles) attached to their hulls (salt water organisms can't live in fresh water). 
* There are over 3,000 species of fish, 3x that of the Atlantic Ocean.
  

I had the pleasure of navigation a 30,000 tonne ship 1500 km across the Amazon up-to Manaus and its one of the most diverse and spectacular ecosystems on the planet. Lush green water shrubs and wild rain forests on either side. 
http://imgur.com/cXwXGfP
Sounds like one of those secret pass phrases in a kitschy movie for a spy meeting a contact. "There are no bridges over the Amazon." "Here are your directives, Steel Talon. Rendezvous is at midnight!"
That's Amazon!

....Get it? Like...amazing?

......I will show myself out.
[**First Amazon Bridge**](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2010/jul/29/manaus-bridge-amazon-rainforest)
Today I learned that I could sell bridges to Brazilians.
I've walked over a bridge over the Amazon before. It's all lies!
Thanks for the information. I never know this info before.
Soooo...anyone keen to build a bridge? 
It seems like an ocean.
guess the Amazon isn't very troubled 
Makes sense. It's very wide downriver where the most people live, and upriver there's not enough population to justify a bridge.

Surely though *some* tributary or other has a bridge.
It is interesting that there are no bridges for rail travel.  Do they not have the interest in such an infrastructure?
Supplementary cool fact, despite being 400 km smaller than the Nile in length, its outflow is over 100 times that of the Niles.
There is a bridge across River Negro, in Manaus. Does that count ? https://goo.gl/maps/cmpPkLCwh7H2
I now know my lifes purpose!
Time to call the world's best bridge builders Jermey Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May! 
yes but there is one over the river kwai.. I think i read a book about it
Is there at least a canal across it? 
Like others have mentioned the rivers can get very wide during the rubber boom, then lost it all when rubber supply dramatically increased.
For some reason I read that as over the river kwai.
looks like i can accomplish something with all those hours on polybridge
&gt; Most of the time, the crossing can be done by a ferry, so there is no need to build a bridge   

WTF?  Why does anybody build bridges then?
I suddenly want to fly there, and make the world's shittiest rope bridge, yet the WORLD'S FIRST bridge across the Amazon.
And it's not just a play on the definition of a "bridge"? Like it can only be called a bridge if a car can cross it or something? I mean surely there must be some shitty rope bridge that you need to risk your life in order to cross somewhere, right?
GOOD
now this i did not know. interesting
From the wiki page  This is not exactly true, and the fewer travelers, the more reasonable ferries become and unreasonable bridges get.
The Lena River has no bridges as of 2015. It begins at the Baikal Lake, goes through the entire Siberia into the Arctic Ocean, has a big city of Yakutsk on its western bank, where 20% of world diamonds are mined. And all these diamonds didn't help to built a single bridge in that presumably rich city.

I've heard that the Amazon has many (I think 12?) tributaries that are bigger than the Mississippi. Anyone know if this is true?
of course not, there are no roads!  When one big road was planned and the workers started clearing the forest, it was soon discarded because the forest just grows too quickly.  Besides, the river is used as a road.  Nor only the amazon, but all of the others ones connected to it.
Sounds very poetic. 
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads.
"there are no bridges over the amazon river" by Coen bros
I dont believe this.
Instead there are very large ramps
How do you cross it? You dive,buddy.
Yeah no shit. Sometimes that thing is less of a river and more of a really long shallow sea.
Challenge accepted
Well, there's no point in going across it anyway.  Both sides are the same!
Now that is a great trivia question.  "How many bridges span the Amazon?"
Really surprised at how short the Wikipedia entry is for the Amazon River. People have written books on it, and Wikipedia managed about 1 page.
This is an Amazing fact. 
Manaus has a bridge over a part of the Amazon River called Rio Negro.
BRIDGES? WHERE WE'RE GOING WE DON'T NEED NO...BRIDGES!
Can confirm.

Source: Waded across parts of the Amazon River.
That's also why you can find bull sharks in it.  No dams means nothing to block them from going as far up or down river as they want.
As a brazilian,I didn't know that.Shame on me
While looking at cruises I found a cruise that goes for 48 days. Starts and goes through the Amazon river, along east s.a, then around or by Antarctica, and ends in Chile. Just blew my mind that it not only was so long but it cruises through the Amazon
I mean it makes sense. I would assume the Amazon would want to use routers instead.
Cool 
Brazil going a little overboard with that cultural focus and didn't even research Engineering.
Why? So the ferry service can stay in business
Serious question, if I were to attempt to swim across the Amazon, say at the point of shortest width, what are the chances I would make it without getting attacked by something?
&gt;Most of the time, the crossing can be done by a ferry, so there is no need to build a bridge.

The ability to cross a river by ferry does not preclude bridges from being a better choice of crossing, wtf.
Jeff Bezos is one powerful motherfucker.
Sounds like a challenge worthy of a Top Gear special
Then what is [this](https://www.google.com/maps/@-3.1148499,-60.0753633,3a,75y,218.26h,85.73t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1saM0gZJ7LJHOt60AIhhi1Ag!2e0!6s%2F%2Fgeo2.ggpht.com%2Fcbk%3Fpanoid%3DaM0gZJ7LJHOt60AIhhi1Ag%26output%3Dthumbnail%26cb_client%3Dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3D2%26w%3D203%26h%3D100%26yaw%3D126.91796%26pitch%3D0!7i13312!8i6656)
the thumbnail looks like a depressed reddit's mascot with a giant tumor on the side of his head
That article seems really short for being such an important water system.
If there were bridges, the movie Fitzcarraldo would be a different beast.
What this also means is there are no roads connecting northern Brazil to southern Brazil.  
I haven't read too far down, so sorry if this has been answered, and I know it was mentioned that there isn't bedrock on the banks. Hypothetically though, if there was a crossing that was traversed regularly and not too wide, don't we have the methods to build a floating bridge? I mean assuming we had a method to anchor it properly and a way to cope with a length that may need to vary when the water rises and falls. Or would it just be easier to use barges that get pulled across as a mobile bridge? Cause adjust the height and length of a guide wire would be easier I suppose. Anyways, just a curious guy who doesn't know jack about engineering lol. 


So you gotta turn down the gravity and jump across?
I don't actually believe it
Regular boats can travel from the mouth to Peru. From how it's described, it seems like the Amazon IS the road, so crossing it with a bridge isn't necessary.
https://www.google.com/search?q=bridge+over+the+amazon+river&amp;client=tablet-android-samsung&amp;source=android-browser&amp;biw=800&amp;bih=500&amp;prmd=mivn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0CAcQ_AUoAmoVChMI1bezhJuMyQIVymg-Ch1uagoK
&gt;There are no bridges across the entire length of the river.[10] 

That's because bridges cross the *width* of a river... durrr
I because the state wants to preserve its virginity. You know, Virgin Forest?
"There is no need to build a bridge."

Worthless post.
[This is a bridge across the Amazon River](http://i.imgur.com/Hl9F8cC.jpg).  [Source](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2010/jul/29/manaus-bridge-amazon-rainforest).
Too wide, too remote. I can see that. 
TIL there is a Simple language Wikipedia.
But there is one over the river Cock. 
Of course there isn't. It floods and dries every year. It would be impossible.
Sounds like they need some more #democracy.
One does not simply build a bridge over such troubled waters.
Wow. That's amazon.  
Well there's your problem right there...
Challenge accepted.
That's because it's thicker than the English Channel?
YET!


AMEEEERICA! FUCK YEAH! We'll build a bridge over the Amazon and get Brazil to pay for it because that's how we DOOOOO.
That would be a damn long bridge!!

Remember that, before the Andes formed the Amazon flowed the other way, so there is not that narrow section farther upstream as you get with most rivers. 
That's total  bullshit I found it on Google search    go ahead down vote me for no being a fucking moron
We should send them a few baby redwood trees, and watch their faces when they grow to 400 feet. 
I can't even keep a cactus alive. If someone showed up wanting to see their grandfather's cactus that had been tended to since the 1800's I would be screwed.
Japan really likes to give the US trees. Between these bonsai and all the cherry trees in DC, I'd say they are secretly growing Ents in America that were created from the nuclear radiation of our own bomb.
[Here's] (http://www.bonsaiempire.com/images/top10/oldest/Old-Pinus-parviflora-japanese-white-pine-bonsai.jpg) a better picture

Edit: hugged to death. We did it Reddit!

   [Mirror](http://i.imgur.com/KZ5hgCd.jpg)
Please do not repost this to r/bonsai.  It is reposted there at least once a month already.
They gave *us* their special tree that survived the atomic bomb *we* dropped on *them*?  Did we at least give them something back?
Gentle reminder from Japan, "We have tiny little trees that we groom and train on purpose, older than your country."
Its an amazing tree and the park is one of the most under-rated attractions in DC. 
This has all the makings of a good X-Files episode. Atomic blast leaves the tree with a mutation to live forever and the two brothers who visited in 2001 were actually the caretakers of the tree during the blast and have the same mutation for longevity. 
Please tell me we didn't kill them.
That would have been awkward as hell if we hadn't realized how important they were and had crammed them in a corner somewhere, or given them away/trashed them. 
Bonsai trees are stunning, it's also amazing [how old some can get](http://www.bonsaiempire.com/blog/oldest-bonsai-trees), over 1000 years! 
They really should have included a card explaining that. 
Two brothers. In Japan. And then a nuke hit. And they ran as fast as they could. From giant lizard-monsters. And then a giant earthquake came. And that's when things got knocked into twelfth gear...


TWO BROTHERS are showing up...and they want to look at their fathers bonsai tree......but wait...Old Women are coming!!!!

But let's get back to the Two Brothers....because they have a strong bond and...and they're not going to take...it...ANymore!!!!
I was just there last weekend looking at these trees. I HIGHLY recommend anyone in the area to stop by. Totally overlooked treasures in the DC area!
Donating those trees was either incredibly nice or super passive aggressive.
Sounds like Japan was a little too subtle with this reminder of how much older they are.

&gt;200 years old, eh? Here, have this tree we've been tending for the last 350 years. 
“I find it amazing that Masaru Yamaki could give a priceless bonsai basically to his enemy and not say a word about it,” does this dumb shit know that by 1976 the war was over already.
What if all the trees they gave us have some kind of story, one of which will be revealed every 25 years?
Of late, there have been quite a few useful TIL postings, this being one of them, which are not the usual celebrity dicksucking TILs. Thank you.
I bet they give it tons of electrolytes, it is what plants need.
I was so worried it was going to end with something like "until 2001 when two American frat boys killed it by peeing on it for laughs."  Thinks it's time for me to move.
Gimme that tree and I guarantee I can accidentally kill it in 2 days
We ought to send them a couple child redwood trees, and watch their appearances when they develop to 400 feet.

This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/the-390-year-old-tree-that-survived-an-atomic-bomb/2015/08/02/3f824dae-3945-11e5-8e98-115a3cf7d7ae_story.html) reduced by 83%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; The tree, a part of the Arboretum&amp;#039;s National Bonsai and Penjing Museum, has not only navigated the perils of age to become the collection&amp;#039;s oldest, but it also survived the blast of an atomic bomb, Little Boy, dropped over Hiroshima, Japan, during World War II. &amp;quot;For one, it&amp;#039;s amazing to think that something could have survived an atomic blast,&amp;quot; said Weisberg, a 26-year-old student at the Georgetown University Law Center.

&gt; The tree, donated by a bonsai master named Masaru Yamaki, was part of a 53-specimen gift to the United States for its 1976 bicentennial.

&gt; Little was known about the tree until March 8, 2001, when - with no advance notice - two brothers visiting from Japan showed up at the museum to check on their grandfather&amp;#039;s tree.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3vgt30/til_in_1976_japan_donated_53_bonsai_trees_to_the/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~19970 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **tree**^#1 **Bonsai**^#2 **Museum**^#3 **blast**^#4 **Sustic**^#5

Post found in [/r/todayilearned](http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3veugf/til_in_1976_japan_donated_53_bonsai_trees_to_the/), [/r/new_right](http://np.reddit.com/r/new_right/comments/3vgh1q/how_many_human_cultures_have_the_presence_of_mind/) and [/r/interestingasfuck](http://np.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/3vg3gk/this_390yearold_bonsai_tree_survived_an_atomic/).
[I have a hard time believing that trunk is 18 inches thick, unless its a different tree than the one talked about in the story, which would seem misleading](https://img.washingtonpost.com/rf/image_1484w/2010-2019/WashingtonPost/2015/08/02/Others/Images/2015-08-02/DSC_48581438541705.jpg?uuid=AHkqRDlIEeWJkwt4PB1tNw)
Thank goodness I didn't read it was destroyed by a cat. 
Just imagine... You're a master bullshitter.  You and your buddy are at the museum hanging out when you realize that this old ass tree has no history behind it.  Motherfucker Craig (your friend) hatches a plan.  He's going to find the museum director and casually ask him how his "grandfather's" tree is doing.  Pretty soon, Craig has rewritten history and he's walking out of the museum with a new bonsai tree as he's the rightful owner.

That would be the life.
What's happened between Japan and the United States since World War II should be the model for foreign relations.  
"The first thing he noticed was the thickness of the trunk, estimated at almost a foot and a half in diameter."

So is the statement wrong, or is the picture not of the actual tree?  That's maybe 8 inches.
Japan and the US always have such an interesting relationship.
The outdoor Bonsai exhibit at the Arboretum in Washington is beautiful and tranquil, love it.


"brothers came to check on their grandfather's tree"  Such tradition.  
What an awesome gift! "Hey, US, 200 years, not bad! By the way, have a houseplant we've had around for 351 years. Oh no, go ahead, we've got lots more."
What I'm most impressed about is that they recognized it. Like, "yup, that's our grandfather's bonsai tree that we haven't seen in person in nearly 30yrs!" 
To give a country that nuked them a tree that is older than said country and survived the nukes... Godlike trolling.
The love and dedication given to this tree transcends war, cultures, apathy. This warmed my cold, cold heart. If I were rich, I would have my house built with the wood from bonsai trees.
As I read this title I was getting worried that it would end with "And then one day some jackass cut them down to make toilet paper."

Thank god
The irony of it all, the tree is shaped like a mushroom cloud.
Though the world would never know it, the treatment of that tree was what determined whether world war 3 started 2001, or 20XX. 
I've seen that tree.  It's splendid.
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aslimak/5941658295/in/album-72157622834048611/

X-post r/bonsai ?
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/the-390-year-old-tree-that-survived-an-atomic-bomb/2015/08/02/3f824dae-3945-11e5-8e98-115a3cf7d7ae_story.html) reduced by 83%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; The tree, a part of the Arboretum&amp;#039;s National Bonsai and Penjing Museum, has not only navigated the perils of age to become the collection&amp;#039;s oldest, but it also survived the blast of an atomic bomb, Little Boy, dropped over Hiroshima, Japan, during World War II. &amp;quot;For one, it&amp;#039;s amazing to think that something could have survived an atomic blast,&amp;quot; said Weisberg, a 26-year-old student at the Georgetown University Law Center.

&gt; The tree, donated by a bonsai master named Masaru Yamaki, was part of a 53-specimen gift to the United States for its 1976 bicentennial.

&gt; Little was known about the tree until March 8, 2001, when - with no advance notice - two brothers visiting from Japan showed up at the museum to check on their grandfather&amp;#039;s tree.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3vj0o2/til_in_1976_japan_donated_53_bonsai_trees_to_the/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~20067 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **tree**^#1 **Bonsai**^#2 **Museum**^#3 **blast**^#4 **Sustic**^#5

Post found in [/r/todayilearned](http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3veugf/til_in_1976_japan_donated_53_bonsai_trees_to_the/), [/r/new_right](http://np.reddit.com/r/new_right/comments/3vgh1q/how_many_human_cultures_have_the_presence_of_mind/) and [/r/interestingasfuck](http://np.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/3vg3gk/this_390yearold_bonsai_tree_survived_an_atomic/).
Funny. The hand showing you the tree just in case you can't fucking see it.
So is it alive or dead?
That would be a hell of a storyline in fallout.
A museum or the National arboretum? 
I never thought of Bonsai as a verb, until today.
Would the tree be radioactive? 
Neat.
... and the Washington Post reported it in 2015
Cool, thanks. Would have liked to read more on the reaction of the Museum hearing this story from the two brothers, and how they verified it, would have been interesting.
That's amazing. Bonsai trees are usually very fragile.
Man, 30 years after we dropped atomic bombs on them and they're still classy enough to send gifts to our birthday.
Donating a tree that old to the Americans is an monumental gesture by the Japanese, I'm in awe that they did it.
"Two brothers" 
r/trees
\&gt; two brothers

\&gt; no rick and morty references in top comments

GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER REDDIT
&gt; Its history was unknown *in the US* until 2001

FTFY
...and I haven't even been able to keep mine alive for 6 months.
Two brothers.
Histotree
One of my favorite places in DC.  I even used it in a short film I did in college.
What if the tree absorbed a lot of the radiation into its roots and they sent it to us so we'd plant them and fill our soil with radiation 😲
Yep, all of the cherry blossoms in DC were sent some time ago by the Japanese. The plantings of cherry trees originated in 1912 as a gift of friendship to the People of the United States from the People of Japan. In Japan, the flowering cherry tree, or "Sakura," is an exalted flowering plant. The beauty of the cherry blossom is a potent symbol equated with the evanescence of human life and epitomizes the transformation of Japanese culture throughout the ages. 
 
http://www.nps.gov/chbl/cherry-blossom-history.htm found here, also a local DC resident, just linked source so I don't mix up facts. 
Even though these are a beautiful gift, i feel like it has the potential to be somewhat backhanded, like "hey happy birthday! Heres a LOT of things that take meticulous care over hundreds of years!!"

Its like giving someone an unexpected cat
I need to see it
That tree has super powers
They better take a cutting; would be a shame if this tree produced no offspring for backup.
"I think I've done it. I think I've finally come to terms with how long I have to wait for more Rick and Morty." *reads title, dies a little*
Why did I think that this was a really specific and unusual writing prompt?
I love bonsai trees. Absolutely beautiful.
&gt; News footage taken at the Yamaki Nursery after the blast shows the pine sitting unscathed in the background.

I really want to see this, but they don't provide images or a link.
Is it older than the country it resides in? 
The tree looks like an atomic explosion
*Weisberg*

Nods /pol/spectfuly towards you.
I lived near there for about 10 years, and it was the most peaceful spot in DC to go to and just hike around. Rock Creek Park is nice but usually pretty busy on weekends. You can volunteer to be a tree minder at the arboretum. I always thought it would be a heavy responsibility to care for these precious specimens 
Oh, yeah, if you've never been to the National Arboretum near DC, you should take the time to go.  It's an absolutely breathtaking garden and includes an entire bonsai section of perfectly-tended bonsai trees.  And it's all free.
In theaters now... Coming this summer. 

Two brothers. 

In a sampan 

And then an atomic bomb hits. 

And they ran as fast as they could

From giant cherry tree monsters. 

Then a tsunami shows up. 

That's when things got knocked into twelfth gear. 

An American museum shows up...

Displaying... B- bonsai trees

And you better bet your bottom dollar, 

That these two brothers, know how to handle business. 

In: Japanese Tiger Sampan Descendant Brothers, Who Are Just Regular Tiger Brothers With Bonsai Trees That Make a Pilgramage To a Curated Museum in America and All Sorts of Stuff... The Movie
Only 53?  Why not 200?
Why did WaPo take a story about the tree and turn it into a story about a kid who don't know about it?
Is it easy to take care of a bonsai tree? I've always wanted to get one.
A gift of an ancient bonsai that survived the nuclear assault seems to me like a very heartfelt and humble gesture.
So, I guess our government was like, "How nice, I'll just set this over here" just trying to be polite.

And then taken out to the garage not to be seen for a few a decades.  
I honestly thought it was going to say that the US killed them all. I was glad to hear that was not the case.
This tree is at the National Arboretum here in DC. I always try to recommend the Arboretum to people visiting DC because it's really off the normal tourist path and offers some great exhibits/sights, such as some free-standing [columns that were removed from the Capitol building](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1f/National_Capitol_Columns_-_Washington,_D.C..jpg). Great place for a picnic!
Awesome story, I found it particularly striking when they mentioned that someone had cared for this tree every day for ~390 years.  That's dedication.

Ps. somehow Hiroshima is even more fucked up since the bomb's name (why do you have to name a fucking bomb) was "little boy"
Oh that thing, we put it out side and freaking Jerry here hit it with the lawn mower. Haha. Weird 1625 you say. Huh. I once had a coca cola bottle from 1960 that I accidentally shot with my 22, so I know exactly how you feel.
I love bonsai, and all trees for that matter, but they always die on me :(


The title of the article says "no one knew"

Cool clickbait, WaPo



As an American, I came to the comments to see if we killed it yet.

The trunk has green highlights. I'd say the radiation contributed to its prolonged lifespan, but having started in 1625 it was already beyond the normal lifespan when the bomb fell.
And I couldn't get one to last longer than a year. Tried 3 times. Gave up on Bonsais.
Did [these](http://imgur.com/QeEXroU.jpg) two brothers find it?
For a good tinder match?
Were these two brothers in a van when a giant meteor hit?
Bonsai Master! Yus!! Does that title come with a cloak and a sword?
/r/marijuanaenthusiasts
Is it radioactive?  
They have really nice trees. I hope to visit Japan one day. I love anime, and I find their culture to be fascinating. Only problem is that I absolutely can't stand sushi.
I'm embarrassed to ask this question; are bonsai trees normal trees that are cared and pruned to be miniature or are they just small species of trees?
[Tsutomu Yamaguchi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tsutomu_Yamaguchi) survivied Hiroshima too, and then a few days later he was home in Nagasaki and he survived that one too.
Was the any significance to the number 53?
Japan really likes to give the US trees. Between these bonsai and all the cherry trees in DC, I'd say they are secretly growing Ents in America that were created from the nuclear radiation of our own bomb.
"In training since 1625" Holy shit, the feeling I get from that is almost overwhelmingly awesome.
Bonsai trees are stunning, it's also amazing [how old some can get](http://www.bonsaiempire.com/blog/oldest-bonsai-trees), over 1000 years! 
Why 53? Is there some significance? Why not 50, or 100, or 200? Did they just send out a memo asking for bonsai trees to give away and just sent whatever showed up?
Damn, the tree is older than the USA itself!
Two brothers!
if you would leave the banzai and not cut it,would it grow up to be a normal tree or would it die?
Is it possible to do this with fruit trees? (probably a dumb question).
Good 'ol American appreciation. 
plot twist: Reagan burned them for firewood
they really know how to make us feel like dicks...
Its king of like Chinese foot binding really. 
Out of curiosity, what would a tree like this be worth?
Not only that, but back when Tokyo and Chicago were sister-cities, they donated a bunch of Cherry Blossom trees.  They grow all over the city and its suburbs now.  I'm looking at one as I type this.  It's changed the look of the city and its suburbs considerably, especially in Spring.
Maybe its Delta Source reporting to their version of Admiral Thrawn
Chemistry confuses the fuck out of me but how did they make sure the tree wasn't radioactive from the blast? 
Bonsai trees are dope af. I've always wanted to grow one but every plant I touch dies :(
This seems like a Yakuza plan... 

"As THEY lay dying they will remember that Japan survives...!"
Roots strong Daniel-san
I'm confused. What does the dude riding his bike through the arboretum and checking out the tree have to do with anything? Honest question 
That's a really beautiful story.
Does anyone know where you can get a bonsai tree locally? I'm talking walmart quality. 
I LIKE THIS STORY
Very nice tree.  
  
I always wanted to know how to care for, or do what is needed to have a bansai tree.
I probably have a few pictures of this tree on my computer somewhere. I love living in DC :)
Now, do you really think they donated that tree without saying anything to us about its history? Or is it more likely they explained the whole thing in 1976, and some guy at the museum was like, "Yeah, yeah whatever."

You'd think people at a museum would be all about preserving the story of a thing. I imagine them handing it over to the curator version of Roger Sterling from Mad Men.
/r/trees/  lol
I love how the curator is like, "If this thing dies I'm f'ing outta here man."
Two brothers
Beautiful tree and story!
White piiiiiiiiines... Going through my mind...
They really should have included a card explaining that. 
Not many countries would respond to being nuked with a gift of plants. 
This post inspired me to go on a 4 hour binge of looking up bonsai trees and now I think I will make one.
Somebody had to know, if they didn't they wouldn't know the history.
where are they now
No word on whether the tree recognized the two brothers.
The trees where shot on site
“For one, it’s amazing to think that something could have survived an atomic blast,” said Weisberg, a 26-year-old student at the Georgetown University Law Center.

This guy never heard of cockroaches. 
There's a whole exhibition at Como Zoo in Minneapolis mn
they were trying to give us radiation poisoning those dastardly japs
So, we completely decimated Japan and they forgave us more or less 30 years later. 
Black people need to take note, stop fucking complain about shit that happened a long time ago, your making it worse. 
I believe we supplied cuttings of the most under-rated attractions in DC.
What is this? You gonna give this amazingly old Bonsai tree that survived Hiroshima to the guys who dropped the nuke on Hiroshima...
Did they ever give any trees to China or the other countries of East Asia which they terrorized for years?
Thank you Japan!  I am honored you trust us with a tree that is 350 years older than me, and I apologize that we nuked you.  I wish we could come up with a better way to solve our war-level problems.  We are doing our best to keep China off your back, give us some time before you take matters into your own hands. - one non-government citizen of the USA
Alt title: America attempting to revive horribly stunted donated Japanese tree it previously tried to destroy.
My tree in my Backyard survived the Nagasaki atomic blast. And hitlers reign, and World War 1.
53 Bonsai Trees? Is this like unwanted Xmas gifts?
The worst atrocity ever committed and not only that but it was done twice.

yes i know the reasoning behind it and the lives it saved but still the fact that it killed so many civilians and destroyed so much history is beyond almost anything ever done.
A friend of mine is in the process of making a photo book about bonsai that includes this amazing tree: http://www.bonsaibook.co/
What whit all this running forward like dqck 
It's two brothers....and they're checkin up on their grandpa's bonsai tree

...two brothers who narrowly escaped a horde of angry grandmas

..it's  two brothers....it's just called two brothers lol
For some reason I read donated as detonated.
what educated student describes something by the date? 

“And then that by some happenstance a Japanese tree from the 1600s ended up here.”

dude say 17th century you're at Georgetown 

FFS bro
I was fine with the article at first until I hit END button by accident and saw the author 
Harvest Moon doesn't lie. Pet and brush your cows every damn day! And lots of treats too! Maybe you'll win in the festival so you can finally impress that certain somebody.

...Notice me, Elli!
http://i.imgur.com/AqLvXJh.gifv
The dairy barn that I worked in, all the cows had names (as well as numbers for bookkeeping).
My favourite was Goldie, she always liked to lick my head. 
I gave her hugs. :)
No. Cows who are called by name are more likely to be treated better, the better treatment is what is responsible for the production increase.
Being that cows won't understand words, but rather will just respond like dogs, you can just call them a number. 

"Seventeen, you're such a sweetheart."
Reading this actually made me sad. Poor cows, they just want to have names like everyone else.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.scientistlive.com/content/21899) reduced by 84%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; The study, published online today in the academic journal Anthrozoos, found that on farms where each cow was called by her name the overall milk yield was higher than on farms where the cattle were herded as a group.

&gt; The welfare would obviously be good for the cow, better behaviour means they are easier to manage and milk, obviously less stressful for the milker and any benefit in production would obviously be good for the farmer.

&gt; There was no difference in milk yield based on many of these, but there was a significant difference over the question about the name - and a big difference for the farmer - about 3.5%. Farmers chose the genetics of their herd carefully to get good milkers, cows also have a carefully formulated diet to maximise milk yield, but this finding, that suggests that good stockmanship can considerably increase milk yield should be very heartening to the compassionate farmer.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3v7hjl/til_happier_cows_really_do_produce_more_milk_and/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~19454 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **milk**^#1 **cow**^#2 **farms**^#3 **yield**^#4 **name**^#5
Maybe I should start calling my wife by her name instead of calling her cow.
I doubt that individual names affect the cows happiness. In my experience just the simple act of talking to a cow, or at least making soothing noises around it result in a more easy going cow. So I could see how being verbally communicative with a cow and calling it by a name could make it "happier" but I think that the same results would occur without the name-calling.

I feed cattle daily and while they are eating I like to talk to them for a few minutes. After a month of that they don't mind me at all and quite enjoy my company, even when I don't have grain. This comes in handy when I have to herd or do veterinary work with them. 

The article raises a good point when it mentioned that just daily interaction with people was good for the cattle's temperament and health. 

just cow stuff
&gt;simply calling cows by individual names ups production by 3.5%

'Senpai noticed me today'
Cows are actually really intelligent and emotional creatures.
ya but the way agriculture does it now is 100 unhappy cows. That produces way more milk than 10 happy cows. Both can be managed by one farmer.

:(
The best farmers know happy animals = better profit in the end. There's tons of research available on the best lighting regimens, feed schedules, dietary considerations, and even barn design to all help improve milk production. The science behind improving milk is amazing.
Thank god Cows milk is for baby cows and not humans, right?
Radical idea here, but maybe the correlation isn't the name, but the other differences between the typical farmer who names their cows, and one who doesn't.
TIL: I want to be a cow morale worker
Little known fact, using names that start with vowels increases milk production by a further 10% while consonants is only the 3.5%. A name over five letter long is an additional 5%, ten is 15%, 20 is 30%, and 50 is 400%.

[1st Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cattle)

[2nd Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lie)
As a breastfeeding human cow, I can honestly say that when I am comfortable and happy (as is recommended in *all* of the books, especially with a cup of tea) milk is much easier to produce and extract.

It makes perfect sense that this is the same for other animals as well!
Not sure if a cow happiness index makes sense when they are raped and have their babies stolen just to make them lactate. I'm sure happier prisoners work harder in the concentration camps too.
I can't see how you could statistically single-in on naming being responsible for a 3.5% increase. Surely naming is just symptomatic of better living conditions? 
but wats the pee value?
Just a note, I'm pretty sure the study measured correlation, not causation. Farms that call their cows by individual names also have higher milk production, but it doesn't mean naming alone is the reason.
Thanks to new research cows also produce more milk when automatic weapons are placed nearby. It is perfectly safe because the cows don't know how to....oh my god...oh shit it picked one up!...run!...RUN!!!

\=]\=]\=


Fellow hoomans, I am incorrect. The milkbag slaves are fine. No need help. Click save.
Calling my cow by her name did not up milk production. But again I married that old cow decades ago !
The amount of cognitive dissonance the average citizen deals with in regards to animal rights and fairly simple ethical decisions is astounding. 

Nobody deserves to have their value determined entirely by other beings, no matter how shitty or amazing they are.
Shameless promotion for a friend:  She and her husband have just built a state of the art barn based around these principles, which is rarely done here in the USA.  In about a year, you will be able to stay there as part of a Bed and Breakfast experience.  Please show them some love! [New Day Dairy!](https://www.facebook.com/newdaydairy/)
I believe it...but...

3.5% is statistically significant? How large was this sample again? 
When I worked on a dairy farm, it seemed clear that milk  cows have individual personalities. Holsteins veered widely from being badasses to being sweethearts.  However, I never met a Jersey cow I didn't like. My favorite of all time was named Itty Bitty

Do happier moms produce more milk as well?
So does playing Epona's song. That works wonders. But make sure you have an empty bottle. 
I'm betting giving names doesn't up production, instead the attitude around farms that give names does that.
I learned this from Fibbage.

If you don't know what that is, then play ASAP.  It produces many laughs
So, much like a human, cows are more productive in the workplace when acknowleged.

Shit, Lisa Simpson was right all along.
Happy cows also have a good sense of humor. It's just a shame that at that point they're just a laughing stock.
My dad had a farm when I was young, he invested in and started it while my mother and I were in another state.  He was there 6 months before we got there.  I named all the cows and talked to them every day, absolutely love cows...

I just asked him if milk production went up after we got there. He said "not a drop", then I mentioned this post.  

He said:

*People have their own agendas, calling a cow a name doesn't produce more milk, but it does go hand in hand with more personal "service" and "attention" to the cow.* (yes he used air quotes) *Which in turn produces more milk simply for the fact that you are singling them out and actively trying to produce a hoped for result.*

Then I asked him why we didn't do that and he said:

*"We had 58 cows at peak and it was just you, me and your mother and she would not set foot near the barns and you spent all your time talking to the cows."*

He further went on to say (*paraphrased*) that people who study milk production and have a preference to be a fancy pants liberal also leave out certain tidbits of information that is relevant to the results.  There is no fucking way calling a cow a name produces more milk.  They also talk to them, stroke them, put more effort into their care and well being and are cognizant of anything that might be fear or stress inducing and rectify or mitigate those factors.

My dads a cow genius and a bit of a rambling conservative.

To all those who have never been around a cow, let alone seen one.. it's really fucking noisy.  You can't simply walk up to a cow and say "Hi Frank" and expect more milk.  There is more to it.
This is straw argument data collection and is fallonious.  These data don't support the conclusion, but in fact reveal something quite obvious: namely, people who are likely to name their cows are also the people who are more likely to take good care of their livestock, and this is what ups production.

Nice confirmation bias but you did not establish causation in the right direction.
Well what do you know, other living beings have feelings too. 
3.5% sounds like a reasonable margin of error for this kind of study..someone want to explain why I'm a dumbass?
For me personally, it's amusing to see how different cultures behave. 

On one hand, the western countries have meat eating a normal part of their culture and when they hear things that are relatively normal (pigs being smart, animals showing affection..), they go all aww and and feel a bit of guilt for raising these animals purely for slaughter.

On the other hand some countries go they other way. They sympathize with these animals and some times even treat them well. Have taken actual steps of changing their diet to reduce harm to animals and in turn helping the environment as well (unintentionally, of course). And they are termed as backwards, uncivilized, etc.,

I'm not trying to have any kind of debate here, I'm just trying to understand why it feels unfair to me. 

I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/hailcorporate] [TIL: the illusion of happy cows yields more production and makes milk consumers feel better about their purchase](https://np.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/3v8m0j/til_the_illusion_of_happy_cows_yields_more/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
My grandfather was a dairy farmer well into his 80's. At some point he decided that rather than pick out random names, he would name all the new calves born one year with names that started with "A". Annie, Amanda, Angel. Cows born the next year would be Betty, Brenda, Barbie. The following year would be Carla, Charlotte, Cindy. When I was little, I remember his best cow, his favorite, was named Dolly. Dolly was the head cow, the matriarch. That year, the new calves were getting "H" names, and he let me name one of them. I named my little cow "Henrietta". I helped wean her by feeding her milk that was gradually watered down, holding it up to her in a tin pail and teaching her to drink without bucking her head.  
Grandpa's herd were all quality [Guernsey cows](http://www.idleneer.com/images/764_Idle_Gold_Idle_Neer_Confetti-ET_GFL6180_511.jpg) and they put out a lot of milk. He only needed 25-30 cows to make enough money to provide for his family. If they had all been as good as Dolly he would have only needed 20 cows. Those cows were gentle and smart, they all knew where they belonged when they were called back to the barn for the night from the pastures, for the evening grain feeding and their second milking. They needed to be called an hour ahead, they took their time. Eventually they all crowded around the back of the barn, waiting for Grandpa to finish pitching fresh hay beds in their stalls, and for all their individually measured grains and supplements to be scooped and ready for them in the troughs.  
Then somebody had to go unlatch the big barn doors and throw them both wide open, watch your feet, and then the cows would all mosey in and locate their very own stalls. They did this perfectly, usually, unless some dumb cow got it wrong again and they got all backed up in the center aisle, all the way out the barn, just standing around waiting until Grandpa noticed and came around to get the wrong cow out and turned around, which could be awkward, cows are really big. Too big to be doing pirouettes in the barn, Edith, you dumb cow, you oughta know better by now!  
The cows all liked to listen to classical music, and so that's what Grandpa played while they were milked. Kids weren't allowed to mess with the dial on the barn radio, because the cows liked classical music, period, and other kinds of music made them nervous. And that would impact how many gallons of milk Grandpa had to sell when the big milk truck came around to pump out and weigh the milk that had been stored up in three days in the big pasteurizing bin in the little milk house.  
[I miss those cows](http://www.dairystar.com/SiteImages/Article/11669b.jpg) — there's nothing else in the world quite like a happy cow, and nothing better than an [old barn full of them.](http://www.dairyagendatoday.com/Dat_Admin/components/images/10%20Guernsey%20convention/dayone1.jpg)
Cows, these wonderful, affable creatures, have suffered horrendously at our hands, and all they wanted was to be treated like a person.

Humans, your one-stop-shop for complete assholery and douchebaggery.
We called ours by individual numbers. Does that work?
My million dollar idea - someone run with it because I don't have the means necessary to do it.  

Package and market individual cows milk.  For example - 

Name: Betsy
Birthplace: Tillamook, OR
Favorite Activity: Chasing butterfly's through open fields
Mother: Ol' Betsy
Father: Steve

Bio: Betsy is a strong individual who has excelled in all aspects of her life.  Early on in life she was......blah blah blah.

Instead of putting all milk from cows into a large container, you market individual cows, and package their individual milk - building a brand. 

You're welcome. 

Harvest Moon taught me this!
grew up on a dairy farm

cows are very friendly animals...and love cuddles and attention....and licking and chewing you...gently
But are cows happier in California or Wisconsin? 
Your name is 3000293a. Have some Xanax to reduce your stress. 
Chuck, Porterhouse, Ribeye.
The name thing is a prime example of correlation not causation.

It's likely that the cows that have names are also better treated, and are therefore happier. 
I love cheese so I'm completely ok with this. 
Diane, Wellington, Stroganoff, Burger...
The cows might have not noticed the names at all. The people might have just been treating them even nicer because they might see the cows as individuals instead of just cattle. 
&gt;this finding, that suggests that good stockmanship can considerably increase milk yield should be very heartening to the compassionate farmer.

Any farmer that practices this already knows it's going to increase yields.  Along with a variety of other things.

Source: Grew up on a dairy farm.
In South America, farmers [sing to their cows] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLT3n6i6b0M), it sooths them, makes them happier and helps them give more milk. It's also nice music when you need to concentrate.
I would like to have a cow, and I would name it "Norma."
I used to breastfeed my child, and I can definitely attest that stress and sadness really did negatively impact my supply. 
Seems more likely that cows with names are treated better by handlers who anthropomorphize them thus yielding an environment which leads to more milk.
I think it's more on the way we treat things with names than the actually giving of names. It humanizes them.

I grew up on a ranch and can testify that cows are wierd and smart as shit. They do bizarre things like babysit and have friendships.
And yet Fallout won't let me name my settlers. Don't you see how much happier they are when they're named?
That doesn't sound right but I don't know enough about cows to dispute it.
Can't it also be related to the fact that owners who give their cows individual names also provide better nutrition, shelter and care to the cows?
It's sad that we understand this but yet we treat them like shit 
I work on a dairy farm. When a bull is born it sticks around for about a week until it is sent off. In that time I always refer to them as Vealy Dan.
When I was a kid, I worked in a slaughterhouse and slugged cows in the head with a sledgehammer. They didn't get names. Your world is much nicer. 
#cownamesmatter
I was watching a homestead show and these woods people were calling cows by name, I was like "this is total BS this is just for housewives to feel like they know about the outdoor looks like I was wrong.
I wonder if there is any effect on the taste it.
Another important point is that a farm that has few enough animals that they can name them, is a farm where there will be less crowding and usually fewer employees that interact with the animals.
"this is moo, this is also moo, and this lil guy here is moooo"

Happier humans also produce better results! I wonder why corporate doesn't get that ...
this shouldn't surprise anybody. as humans, when we are unhappy or stressed, productivity and general energy levels go down. girls miss or have irregular periods when they are unhappy etc. 
Yes but I want my milk to taste like fear.  
Classical/Jazz Music also ups milk production.

Source: Come from a long line of Dairy Farmers. I myself am allergic to cow hair (had testing done) and intend on entering the IT Field as a Web Developer. Father, Grandfather (both sides), Great Grandfather (again, both sides) were all farmers. Dunno about Great Greats.
Cows are dumb dogs.  They all deserve names and respect to the end.

Think how native Americans treated deer kills, ala' Daniel Day Lewis as Hawkeye.
AINT NO HAPPY COWS WAITIN TO GET SLAUGHTERED THO
No doubt  human's attitudes are reflected in their behaviour.
wonder how happy they would be if they werent repeatedly raped and their babies werent taken away and killed
Dairy farmers should become Hindu, imagine the yields!
It's almost like we shouldn't fucking slaughter these creatures.
But cows on rBST produce 40% more milk independent of having a name. Profit! 
Ever wondered why employees have name tags?

3.5% means allot for your bottom line. 
So, I worked with this guy, let's call him 'Kent', who has all these theories. Theories about love, and war, and marriage. And since there isn't much else to do when taping down a thousand feet of CAT5e, he talked about these theories.
One of these theories is what I call 'The Cow Theory'. Basically, Kent suggests that Cows are actually great philosophers. Because what else do they do? They stand around and eat grass - so naturally they have a lot of time to think. And Kent came to the conclusion that the cows looked at the world, and the sun, and the solar system and said, "One day, this is all going to end, and there's nothing we can do about it because we're cows."
And for a time, Kent said, the cows were distraught by this knowledge. Until one day when the cows looked over and saw these curious, bipedal beasts with opposable thumbs. "Huzzah!" The cows said, "Here are creatures that can get shit done!"
So the cows decided, as a group, that they would allow we humans to supp upon their flesh so as to feed our minds and evolve to the point that we developed interstellar travel. Then, when we left Earth, we would take the cows with us, because we had acquired a taste for their flesh - thus saving the cows the untimely demise of the Sun's death.
All this eventually tied into Kent's reasoning for why vegetarians are evil. Because they don't want to continue breeding cows in large numbers for food, vegetarians likely wouldn't take cows with them when they left Earth - thereby betraying those who conspired to help them.
I also produce more milk when I'm happy, AND If you call me by my name. Go figure!
There's a local dairy around me with a grocery store / ice cream parlor out front.  The cows roam right up to the fence at the parking lot and we make a point to go every so often and eat ice cream while we pet and talk to the cows....by these standards, I should get some free ice cream for my service dammit.
Judging my a good many comments - not everyone read the article but commented anyway.
For the record the calling the names probably doesn't cause the increase in production. It's more likely that only people that actually care about their cows take the time to name them individually, and because they care about their cows they do other things that make the cows happier. 
Look how happy that cow looks in the thumbnail. It's getting face rubs. 
"TK421! Why arent you at your post?" I wonder how unique the names have to be.
"Simply calling cows by individual names ups production"

No, that's not what they are saying. Think about it... How could simply having a name have anything to do with anything? It has something to do with how the cows are treated. Example: a farmer has 100 cows which one of them have a name. Do this fact alone make the cow with a name produce more milk? Of course not.
That cow is probably one of the farmer's favourite cows and give her more attention. 

"Drs Catherine Douglas and Peter Rowlinson have shown that by giving a cow a name AND treating her as an individual," 
/r/todayiawwed
Imagine how much milk they'd produce if they didn't have their babies ripped away from them days after birth...  

But then I guess that defeats the point
They're also forced to get pregnant to produce milk, and live a substantially shorter life to produce milk for you...not your mom, not your milk.
This is depressing. Now I feel like they'll lie to the cows to get more milk. "What? No, no, that wasn't your son we just sent to be processed."
I grew up on a dairy farm. We had 220 head of of jersey cows milking year round. Our cows LOVED country and classical music, hated metal and rap. Milk production also went up 6% after installing back scratches for the cows. If you take care of them, they will take care of you!

[Ahhhhhh yeah! That's the stuff!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raLHCMxPgOQ)
I wonder how happy the cows would be if we let them keep their children and stopped stealing the milk.
I was just arguing with an "informed" redditor the other day about how you cant really abuse cattle very much because it severely affects production.  He actually posted a picture of one the milking carousels claiming it was a cage used to confine them.
&gt; simply calling cows by individual names ups production by 3.5%. 

Correlation, meet causation. BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT THE SAME.

OK, OK - sorry, everyone. I did not read the article and jumped in from the headline. My bad.
What if u call her the wrong name? u get the cheese instead? 
I'm thinking that individual names would have an effect on the human instead, making them treat the cow better.
The name part depressed me. I instantly envisioned rows of cages with nameplates on them. So Jerry is in fact Jerry #1439.
This is interesting because it seems contradictory to [this study](http://www.journalofdairyscience.org/article/S0022-0302%2810%2900309-7/abstract) in the Journal of Dairy Science (arguably a more reputable source on milk production than Anthrozoos...) .

&gt;Farmers in group 3 had the highest median pain assessment score (6.7 ± 0.2), indicating a high level of empathy and a positive attitude toward animals. They had the lowest prevalence of skin lesions over the carpus (24 ± 6%) *and the lowest milk production* (6,705 ± 202 kg).
[Sooooo...](https://youtu.be/-8XDNfAzR-A?t=11)
I wonder if this works for humans too
I would like to know what other differences we could find between the higher/lower producing farms. If they did everything exactly the same, but one used names, OK. But I find this difficult to believe. 
Instead of putting all milk from cows into a large factory-style dairy, had a computer randomly assign each cow a name improves attitudes towards them.
Now we just need to clue in Corporate America - The same thesis holds true for Employees as well.

Truly Happy (and not just "happy" / merely content) employees are significantly more productive than less happy employees.
Moo?
I really don't get why this would be new to any one....you treat anything better it is going to be more productive...humans and animals alike....I always thought this was just a given and everyone just knew this from the get go...
And that cow's name? 24601
Cows are really cute. 
Good thing this doesn't apply to people. Now, get off Reddit and get back to work!
This is one of those "facts" that get blurry. It's not that calling cows by individual names lead to more milk, it's that the cows are being taken care of by the type of people who would name their cows. 
Incredible! Does this work:

Cow 1, Cow 2, Cow 3, ...
"Hey stinkyfartstastymilk... You're a good cow are you? Yeah.. good girl." 
What if you get their names wrong?  Does the production drop with their self esteem?
I have a feeling where cows are called by name likely receive better care by more motivated workers. 
Cows are such nice humble animals. It sucks they are so delicious :-(
&gt;produce more milk, and simply calling cows by individual names ups production by 3.5%.

No. Why?
I won't believe this until there is a peer reviewed article about this topic 
Happy cows come from California.
Happy cows come from California. Google it.
Though some names don't translate well to cow language, which makes those cows the laughing stock of the other cows. ^^^Itotallythoughtofthispunonmyownignorer/jokes
Probably helps that if the farmers are treating the cows well they're probably also looking after them better in terms of medical needs, this would help them produce more milk.

Just an assumption, but from working at a cow farm for a while I learnt that they could be very prone to infections and problems.
Don't they already do this in Japan?  
How reliable is this 3.5%? It was a survey and doesn't seem to convincing. How do we know this is specifically because of name calling?
I remember reading on a TIL post that cows also have best friends and they like to herd together with their friends.

Cows are adorable! c:
For some reason this makes me pretty sad.
That is very mooving
I guess being named moooooves then.
Turns out Harvest Moon was telling the truth!
So those California milk commercials are true? 
[Jazz for cows.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXKDu6cdXLI)
So one may extrapolate from this and say that the Clone Troopers were 3.5% more effective because they all had nicknames?
can we apply this knowledge to human beings?
[deleted]
[this also helps cows to produce more milk (nsfw)] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyMYx9wmIS4)
Somebody plays fibbage!
I feel like that sometimes
In the barn I worked in, there was also a cow named Happy!
I know when i'm "happy," I produce more milk. 
I wonder if calling them names ups production of anything else ;)
Well duh. I learned this playing Harvest Moon.
Aww, cows value their individuality too!

(Still scared of them.)
I recently learned the inverse is true. Calling humans cows and by their first name greatly reduces the mood of the cow. 
Farms that call their cows names became more attached and simply let them suck your thumb.
What if you name them names like beefy or tasty or meat beast?
haha I love this!
tit for tat | serotonin
Had you played ***Harvest Moon***, you would already know this!
People still drinking from cow tits?
I learned this in Harvest Moon.
Harvest Moon totally called it.
How about the meat? Are they tastier too? 
Anthrazoos is shit.  This study is bogus. 
Milling about in a real sweetheart.
I want some land large enough to have a couple of cows.

TIL: nameless cows still produce 96.5% of the milk their well-cared-for named-cows produce. :(
so the logical next step is to put cows on massive amounts of antidepressants right? I mean, instead of keeping farms sanitary we just put livestock on antibacterials so...
Is 3.5% significant? From a stats perspective,  I mean
They left out a vital question.

"Do you believe that blowing air in your cows ass increases milk production?"

They actually believe that in Africa.

Seriously:

https://youtu.be/iyMYx9wmIS4
It also makes their meat taste 4.7% more delicious.
I read that as Harper cows.. 
Does it work for meat ones?
When im happy i milk myself 12-14 times a day 
They also come from California (even though some spots were shot in New Zealand).
How do they know the emotional status of cows?
ITT: Poor cows, just want to have names. No, the names are for the humans, not the cows.
Wow!! Interesting, I should try singing for my cow lol
Does correlation imply causation?
Correlation != causation. Giving a cow a name doesn't increase production. Those who name cows probably care for them more, which increases production. Similar to the statistic that parents who buy baby books tend to raise better children. It's not the act of buying the book, its that those parents tend to care a bit more about how good of a parent they are than others.
&gt;Giving a cow a name can increase milk yield.

&gt;On farms where each cow was called by name the overall milk yield was higher.

Not the same thing. Correlation, not causation. Does anyone else suspect that farmers who name their cows are also more likely to give them better food, more space, and better treatment?
Capitalism aboutta make cows the happiest species on the planet.
And now I'm a vegetarian.
this is an odd trend that's been showing up. We've come to terms with "tough love" being a thing, with doing things that are cruel because they work best. Now it looks like unicorns and fairies do exist and most things can be solved by being nice.

I'm not saying I don't trust this or that it's not good news, but I can't be the only one who's surprised.
I am wondering if the same is true about hired workers.
I know if I keep my cow happy, she produces slightly more milk than normal. Also, my cows have plenty of open pasture and comfort.
"How my favorite number 32 doing today? Oh you're a hungry lass, aren't cha 32."
Seriously! Come here Mooriel lol
My dad raises beef cows, and names them.  Does that make the meat taste any better?  Is it weird to name cows after your family and friends and then eat them?
"GOOD MORNING, GLORIA!" "Mooo"
Angus, Steak, Burger, Rump, Beef, Meatloaf, etc....
Nice try Reddit, but I love my #3 at Wendeys more
What if I call it by a number? :)
Now humans are going to be nicer to the cows...just for more milk.
Some of my family bought meat from dairy cows.
Why don't these reports ever include the P-value?
Wow who knew? Hey they should do a study with people as well, except with a living wage. I know I would be more than 3.5% more efficient in my job.
How do people find these TILs?
So will my hamburger taste exponentially better if it came from a cow named is Beatrice or Maurice, etc?  The Golden Arches may want to consider labeling my Big Mac wrapper like a Coke can. 
This might be true, but you can get, **50%** more milk by crowding them in inhumane pens.

So... Uh... That's kinda sad. 
He also wanted to buy Marvel just so he could be Spiderman.

... and then later he wanted to be Professor X.
"Dancing is non-negotiable." - Jackson Prime
Imagine that. You're just flying into Las Vegas, exited for a wonderful time, then a 50-foot Michael Jackson appears in the desert and downs your plane with laser eyes. The terror that would cause. Insane.
I'm imagining a post-apocalyptic world where that...thing still roams the desert. Slowly hulking through the desert in the dead of night, constantly scanning the skies looking for planes. 
"Do the people of Vegas really want a gigantic Michael Jackson being the first thing visitors see when entering their fair city?"

I don't know about the people of Vegas,  but to answer the question as a visitor,  fuckin hell yes I do.  
"Remember me! *burp* Remember me!"
That's the least weird idea he had that entire decade. 
Wow, had no idea Robot Chicken has a basis for that sketch.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkVsk46SKwE
Giant robot Barbra Streisand
Wasn't there such a robot in a video game that starred him once?
This is the sort of thing you decide to do when surrounded by people who only ever tell you what you want to hear.


I have heard it proposed that his mental problems stemmed mostly from a lost childhood, and that much of his craziness was due to either an attempt to regain that childhood or simply from never having matured emotionally.

The laser eye robot thing certainly does nothing to convince me that view is wrong.
You've been hit by, you've been struck by, a frikkin laser beam.
As a pilot, I really don't need any more lasers being fired in my direction while I'm working.
That sounds pretty pedestrian given mj and Las Vegas.
So he wanted to create a real life Fel Reaver from WoW?
Sounds like we've got a memorial robot to build. 
What I love about MJ is how grounded he was.
A true visionary. May he R.I.P. in peace.
"Probably of mission hindrance... ZERO PERCENT!"
Hundreds of years in the future, that robot would still be roaming the barren wastelands of earth, like Wall-E.
This attraction would be quite a ... Thriller 
The more I hear about this guy, the more I wish he wasn't dead. He's media gold. I wish we could have put him and prince phillip on a tv show together. 
Was the technology even around?
I feel like Brendan Small just turned Jacko's life into Metalocalypse 
as funny as this is to imagine, it gets kind of dark when you consider the fact that MJ was probably high as balls when he pitched this.  that dude was on all the drugs
I wish he just recorded a new album. Maybe he'd still be alive. Why was he doing the concerts? It's not like a new album would need that publicity..
Imagine the robot try to fuck your 95 Honda Accord. 
I'm happy to see most of you appreciate Michael as much as I did and well do.  He really was the king of pop, his music was great.  
Who hasn't wanted that, really?
I heard about this years ago. I like to think he did build it. And it's moonwalking somewhere out there right now...
I'd be scared that if I was super famous, that some stupid idea I came up with as a joke would be passed along and then after I'm dead it would be told as something that I meant as a serious plan. I come up with a lot of stupid ideas, thank goodness I'll never be famous. 
I think someone needs to commission this 50ft MJ for burning man next year.
And he was going to call it the "This Is What Happens When You Have Too Much Money" tour.
I think we owe it to Michael's memory to make this happen. Someone start a go-fund-me. 
[Michael Jackson's Moonwalker makes sense now!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zk1C0AhshtU&amp;t=5m33s)
Fun fact:

In the "Michael Jackson's Moonwalker" game on the Sega Genesis Michael can transform himself into a giant robot.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Jd-UbUQOt8
Michael Jackson's birthday was August 29.

Skynet went sentient on August 29.
Proving that he was completely mental.
I'm just imaging the meetings on this.

"So, Mr. Jackson, you want us.... to build a giant robot... that's able to walk around the desert. And when would you want this done by?"

(soft voice) "Whenever"

"And how much are you willing to spend?"

(soft voice) "Whatever it takes"

"It's a pleasure doing business with you..."
Don't forget that Michael Jackson provided us with a terrifying preview of what this robot would have likely looked like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twjUr4aB2zo
I know MJ is dead and all...but can we fund this anyway? I would kickstart the shit out of this. 
Ya know, I have one simple request, and that is to have an MJ robot with frickin lasers beams attached to its eyes!
[Theres actually a working model of it](http://i.imgur.com/aswV14k.gif)
[deleted]
I really, really hope Donald Trump sees this.  If anyone else would do this, it's him.
Let's be honest. Even with the child molestation allegations, we should all be able to reasonably agree that THIS is the most supervillain-esque story to ever come out about MJ. 

I'd bet money that somebody did this to Gotham City over the years. 
Trey and Matt, could we get a episode of South Park about this. Ya know, in loving memory.
[YOUNG BOYS ARE THE SOVEREIGN RIGHT OF EVERY AMERICAN](http://i.imgur.com/NplVt28.jpg)
Well, it wouldn't *not* work
...and I wonder why he was close to bankruptcy
What
'Remember me!' --- Pharos Bender 
That's like something out of the mind of Peter Griffin
would it shoot down russian jets
Insane. The robot thing is pretty crazy too.
"Remember Me!"

-Bender Rodriguez 
Who doesn't want to build a 50 foot replica of themselves that roams the desert shooting laser from its eyes? 
... and woulda got away with it, too, if it weren't for you meddling kids and your pesky dog!
Jackson, your best idea you have ever possibly come up with unfortunately did not make it into the realm of reality. this idea will be sorely missed, and hopefully re-imagined in the near future.
Michael Jackson is a fucking genius
I love how they use the word "roam", as if the thing will have a mind of its own, walking around in an empty desert completely abandoned by its creators. It's as ridiculous as it is terrifying as it is awesome.
at first it sounded insane, like he wanted to shoot down planes with a giant robot, but then it just kinda started seeming pretty badass. window seats biiiitch
There is a time and a place for ideas like this, it's called burning man.
kickstart this now.
Prime directive 4. Shamona
Won't somebody think of the children
Growing up in the 90/2000's in the US Michael Jackson already had the reputation of being weird and a possible child molester.. It wasn't until I met a Chinese exchange student in my junior year in high school, and a few years later a Chinese student in college that I fully understood how hugely popular and respected he was in the world. So much so, his dancing inspired the Chinese student to win our school's male talent show/beauty pageant. And inspired the student i met in college in a speech class to do his final project about his hero Michael Jackson. It is sad to think about the troubles he went through after I saw first hand how he inspired so many people.
[Mecha Jackson](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/southpark/images/2/2d/Mechastreisand.JPG)
Would the robot version have a nose?
TIL Michael Jackson didn't know that pointing a laser at a plane is a federal crime.
Better hide your sons
Well, sure.  Who among us hasn't had that as a goal?
That's some homegrown terrorism right there.
Thats the most metal thing ive ever heard.
Just as soon as the wounds of his death were healing,

I find out Michael Jackson was the best chance America had to actually have a badass, giant Robot.


God dammit!

RIP Mecha-Jacko. :(

&gt; Jackson also apparently lives (or spends some time, anyway) in Vegas now

Actually since this was posted in 2007, Michael Jackson was living in Bahrain for the past few years after the whole scandal. He lived around a few kilometers away from my house. 

TIL Michael Jackson was crazier than I thought. 
Ha! white people
I'd take this with a grain of salt since the writer called it "McLaren Airport."
All I want is a frickin' Michael Jackson roaming the desert with frickin' laser beams shooting out of his eyes. 
The Michael Jackson Moonwalker game makes a lot more sense now.
We should build that robot as a Memorial.  Laser Eyes and Everything.  Just in-case Godzilla ever shows up we will be prepared to defend our country with MJ Robot Dancer.
He also wanted to build a 2 1/2 foot tall robot and have sex with it.
Oh my god, why did this man had to die?
Man this would be a really cool thing to have in Fallout: New Vegas
One wonders if he saw [this](http://rileyanne33.blogspot.com/2012/11/fire-breathing-robot-for-kids.html) and thought, "The time to realize my dream has come!"
Can't wait till uberfacts and the media posts this on their Facebook pages..
REMEMBER MEEEEE!! [blows flames out of mouth]...
Okay, kids. Let's go back over lasers and airplanes one more time...
Isn't this where we got the line "Wouldn't you be more surprised if he didn't want to build a giant robot of himself with laser eyes?"
["REMEMBER ME!!!!!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYURxfaTdpY)
Say what you will about him... but he knew how to enjoy his money...
I sure do love Michael Jackson and his sane, understated approach to everything.

Also, FAA regulations, WHAT ARE THOOOSE!?
And they're not doing this anyway because.....?
[Like this?](http://mrwgifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Remember-Me-Bender-The-Great-Pharaoh-On-Futurama.gif)
nigga crazy as hell, he had to get up out of here
&gt;McLaren Airport

Nope.
REMEMBER ME. REMEMBER ME. *Breathes fire* 
Okay. This confirms it. Michael Jackson was crazy.

EDIT: Jeez, people, I meant it in the best of ways.
Yes please.
The king of pop, and almost /r/shittyrobots
/r/CrazyIdeas
eight-year olds, dude
Totally not narcissistic.

I mean was he, like, fucking retarded?
MJ was the hardest working man in music. He only allowed perfection to be released. His production, sound, voice, style and commitment lead to a style that is only his own. 
Well it's all fun and games until it breaks free and starts raping children. 
That was also the same year he was working with Station Casinos to build his own family friendly casino called Mole Station.
wow, that is just.. ..so much.
I would want the same. If only if only...
It's not like a SyFy movie!
What the fuck. 
This should have been how Fallout New Vegas ended.
Remember me!
So I guess the movie ending was his idea after all
Why didn't he do it? 
[REMEMBER ME! REMEMBER ME!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYURxfaTdpY)
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=twjUr4aB2zo
As soon as I read this, robot chicken popped into my head.

GIANT MICHAEL JACKSON ROBOT DANCING IN VEGAS!

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DkVsk46SKwE
...Isn't this what everyone wants?
Propofol is a helluva drug
That's Michael Jackson as fuck. 
That would have been unsafe.
Anytime I think of Michael Jackson for the past few years, I just think of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yURRmWtbTbo
That is on another level of crazy.
That idea is completely off the wall!
How did this not show up in Fallout: New Vegas?
SKOOOOOL
Fuck whoever stopped this lunatic's crazy idea. It was a step closer to Evangelion. :(
I'd be okay with this continuing as planned.
Of course he did...
"Billy Jean is not my lover does not compute. Robots cannot feel love." *Head Explodes*
No one ever claimed he was a smart man, did they?
Iron man meets Thriller
Always wondered why Michael Jackson turned into robo michael in Michael Jackson's moonwalker
He was just a big kid
You gotta hand it to him.  He was pretty ambitious.
It's possible Japan was planning a tribute to Michael using this tactic in case they needed **The King of Pop** for robot battles...
genius idea
As someone who is currently in vegas, that be freaking awesome
baddest man alive ever to be
http://imgur.com/uEZAK8A
[Remember me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYURxfaTdpY)
This should be a mod in fallout. 
I read it as Michael Jordan....initial robot looked way different in my head
This is the most Michael Jackson thing I've ever read.
Would've been the greatest comeback in the history of show-business 
I guess that was a bad day to quit Propofol. 
&gt;"shooting lasers out of its eyes in order to get the attention of the tourists flying into the city."

What could go wrong?
...I'm starting to get why he had such huge financial troubles
Brilliant.
What.
that sounds absolutely terryfing. i love it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPFyLZQpVy8
Chemical Brothers Lazer Robot
robot + moonwalk
    money &gt; brains
Imagine the state of mind one must possess to think that this sounds like a reasonable scenario? Now imagine being there as the idea comes, his eyes wide &amp;amp; crazy. He shares this giant laser robot idea with you and as he does so you become hyper-aware that any attempt of relating to him will be impossible.  So you just pat him on the head and say oh Michael your fucking crazy.

Edit: a word
lazers shot at planes....that's illegal. 
This would have made a way better Southpark episode. 
MJ, Mecha Jackson
Classic Jackson
if this robot and carzilla fought, would anything be more american?
don't let kanye hear about this.
Oh so kinda like this... 

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DkVsk46SKwE
somebody should still do this. then they can go see his hologram somewhere in town!
this is like the most batshit insane plan MJ have every come up with
Yes, this is a normal thing to have considered.
AND I WOULDA GOTTEN AWAY WITH IT, TOO, IF IT WASN'T FOR YOU MEDDLING KIDS!!!
"I want frickin' sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to their frickin' heads!"

-MJ (probably)
Security threat or not, that is fucking awesome!
I'm so sad this didn't happen 
The guy was always, and will always be, ahead of his time. 
That was sadly lampooned in a Robot Chicken sketch. What a visionary.
Can someone please mod this into Fallout: New Vegas?
Holy shit! I'm really ducking. Drink right width now because my girlsriend cheated on me with a vile piece of shot but that is fuckup awesome as sh t,  what the duck Michael Jackson is dead!   
I would have loved to see that giant Michael Jackson robot, but it's not to be.
Kids will love it!
That certainly explains that one Robot Chicken sketch. 
I just want to remind everyone of [this moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLyz7GUWgU0&amp;t=3m50s).
I love Michael Jackson but he also filled a Vegas Penthouse with potato chips, wax figures and a possible monkey but that is a story for another time haha

On another note this article seems like bull shit. The author got the name of the airport incorrect and is quoted as saying the statue will be on the desert sands.
I've lived in Vegas all my life and have never seen this desert sand. Especially on the strip unless they mean the Sands Convention center.
Of course he did.
Plenty of his ideas I would've loved to see happen 
Ummm... he wanted to do what?
Even for someone as rich as him, that idea is just... Utter madness.
Yeeee hee, pew pew pew, jaamon, ow! Pew pew pew HOOOO
TIL I really wish Michael Jackson was still alive as I always did.
I totally buy the theory that he was so childlike because he had his actual childhood ripped from him. 

Everything I've heard about him just screams something a child would do.
Michael Jackson: artist,  ~~engineer~~.
Could a 50 foot hologram be seen from plane?  Follow up: Are we currently closer to projecting a 50 foot hologram moving around the desert than having a 50 foot robot roaming the desert.

Forget the laser robot eyes, cause that's just ignorant.
That's ignorant.
Why are people thinking that this is anything but awesome!?
Henry III used the Tower of London as a place for this crazy menagerie he had going. He was also given an elephant around the same time by Louis IX of France.

The thing was England hadn't seen an elephant before in a very long time, and they didn't know about an elephant's diet. For the rest of its life it was given a menu of red meat and red wine. The elephant died two years later of over-consumption.
Imagine the difficulty trying to reciprocate.  What do you give a man that just gave you a **POLAR BEAR**?
Is...Is this why there's a bear in a cage in the palace in Varrock?
How the hell could they transport, handle and control a polar bear in those days? 
The guards at the Tower of London will tell you the only thing it caught in the Thames River was the plague. They didn't know how to take care of wildlife very well back then...
They have a statue there of the polar bear now

http://imgur.com/v6cTweH
Google search: how far is the  Thames River from the London Tower
_____________________________________
A little less than a 1/10 of a mile
Now I want to watch a short comedy series about someone who takes care of the bear for the king.
Until it got shot by Sawyer.
Do polar bears hunt fish underwater? I don't think they're nimble enough underwater. Although a Thames trout in 1252 would never have seen a polar bear...
&gt; The crowds who visited the ostrich believed that these birds could digest metal so they threw nails for it to eat. They were partly right though because when a dead ostrich was examined in 1791, they found that it had indeed swallowed a nail.

Jeez...
1300's - hey man, HBD, I caught a fucking polar bear for you

21st centry - [facebook] hey man, HBD
From the Tower of London http://imgur.com/90jvYgA
The River Thames is also wear all the poop of every person went to so he wasn't a white bear for long I bet.
Is this the bear Tormund fooked?
Great gift idea. The man has everything? Get him something he didn't know that he wanted.
MTV's Cribs was much more interesting back in the 13th Century.

"Yo this is X Dawg, aka Henry III King of England in my crib tower with my crown jewels, X Dawg pimp style. And this is my homie, a polar bear given to me by my homie King Haa-... wait I cant pronounce his name... Hah kong aka King Kong! My main man, Hah Kong, like last year some big boat pulled up here full of Vikings and they were like "yo, you the X Dawg, King of England?" "yeah whos asking?" They left Migwell the Polar Boar on my door step, it took a few weeks to get used to him and cleaning up his mess aint easy, but we cool. So yo, you checked out my Crib, I got to get back to torturing peasnts and chilling to some minstrels."
I was expecting this to say they used the polar bear as a form of execution. 
[To everyone saying polar bears can't fish... they learn.](https://youtu.be/aMe_oELByMk?t=166)
fucking rich people
He didn't unleash it on any french POWs did he?
Haakon needed that +25 modifier for Gave Bear
IIRC The Tower of London was actually housed a lot of animals that were given as gifts. When it got too full, they moved all the animals to Regents Park and thus, London Zoo was created.


They fed the polar bear wine and bread just like the Kings!
u/ledgendary watched the PBS documentary on Netflix this weekend about Tower of London. 
IIRC, I believe they had a virtual menagerie on the grounds at one time.
Also check out this famous bear that fought with the Poles in WWII under general Anders. His name was Wojtek and he gained official rank so he could travel back to Europe with the soldiers. 


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wojtek_(bear)
This take 1st prize in the "inconvenient gift" category
So that's how the polar bear got on the island. 
I think I just found the inspiration for the Earth King in Avatar....
There's a polar bear statue at the tower

http://imgur.com/iFHrH65
He has a bear. What like a platypus bear? No just "bear"...  Weird.
Is Henry pronounced like Henry or Hoonry?
Pics or GTFO
Thame old thory.
Poor bear. 
Very interesting - thanks !

It also caught dysentery.
I believe the Tower of London used to have an elephant walking about as well. Dignitaries would often gift the monarch of the day with exotic animals from their home country. 
The long leash was a beary nice idea.
[deleted]
Pretty sure Elephants aren't " supposed " to eat red meat, but the Red Wine?  Well i'll tell you what, Elephant probably had a hell of a two years. :D 

Also, due to London's climate, I'm going to assume it's not very.... " conducive " to a polar bears health. 
But what was it named?
Pictures or I am calling bullshit.
They actually used to keep all kinds of crazy animals within the Tower of London walls. Think bears, lions, elephants, monkeys, everything. People used to come through like a kind of zoo. Iirc now there are statues in the area that was once a moat of some of the animals that were once held inside the tower walls.

Source....there's a PBS doc called Secrets of the Tower of London on Netflix that I watched once while high.
I also watched that program last night. The old Iron Duke didn't like the tourists much did he. 

Miserable old fucker.
How did they get a polar bear from the North Pole???
I'm Norwegian and we handed out a lot of them. Even to the Middle-East... The absolutely favorite animals we could gift were hunting-birds. Hunting with birds was the favorite passtime for nobility, and some countries had law banning people other than the king owning the most badass breeds.
The Tower of London actually held many exotic animals that were gifts from other rulers. 
Isn't England a bit warm for a polar bear?
Isn't England a bit warm for a polar bear?
Geez I doubt any of those animals lived very long, especially that polar bear
Back when Norwegians were Vikings.

The dawn of Manbearpig.
Can a bear tear thru a knights armor?
The real story here is that there used to be fish in the Thames.
the whole city of london used to dump their shit water into the river so i feel sorry the bear had to swim in that sewer
Did you just watch the documentary on Netflix about this? Because I did, and this was exactly what was said! 
someone post the beer-drinking zebra on /r/me_irl.
Did the bear ever say, "now is the summer of our discontent"?


Edit: shit that was Richard III. Abandon joke. 
I recently visited London and didn't see any bears. Fucking bullshit. 
If having a dog has taught me anything - the longer the leash, the more often they get stuck. 
Username checks out.
No wonder everybody was kissing King Haakon's ass so hard.  Polar bear givin' dude.
King Haakon has to be the most metal name for a king in history
I wonder if the King shared his Coke:

http://imgur.com/lWtcj1l
And then it died if Typhoid because the moat around the tower was a shit pit.
That is the campest lion I've ever seen. 'Oo watch out, I'll getcha withme claws!'
[Here is a good source](http://www.hrp.org.uk/TowerofLondon/Stories/Palacehighlights/RoyalBeasts/Stories)
[deleted]
That Zebra sounds like a pretty cool guy.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/tedbear] [TIL: Henry III received a cuddlebear as a gift from King Haakon of Norway in 1252. The cuddlebear lived at the Tower of London and was given a long server restart cycle so it could swim in the river Thames and catch griefers.](https://np.reddit.com/r/Tedbear/comments/3s62xq/til_henry_iii_received_a_cuddlebear_as_a_gift/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
They treated them better than we do now
The polar bear was actually brought on a boat from... either Greenland or Iceland, so it was really an incredible thing. I think it came from Greenland and was a present while they asked for more supplies so they wouldn't die.
That must of been some [LONG ASS LEASH](http://www.britainfromabove.org.uk/sites/default/files/THE%20TOWER%20_7.jpg) 
&gt;In 1235, King Henry III received three lions (or leopards) - 

Was it lions or leopards? 
At least it's cold enough in London to feel like home....
Catch fish.. or possibly fishermen?
I guess I wasn't the only one watching the Tower of London last night on Netflix :)
Dear King Haakon... oh ... *removes antlers* 

Dear King Haakon: Just a line to thank you for the polar bear. Mary thought he was really scrummy, comma, so did I, full stop. 

I've just heard that Algy was a poof, exclamation mark! What would Captain W. E. Johns have said, question mark? 

Sorry to mench, but if you've finished with the lawn-edger could you pop it in the post?

Love, Biggles, Algy (deceased), and Ginger.
...in 1252...This bear lives to today.
Polar bears, a nears version of an albino
Ironically I did a Yeoman tour at the Tower of London on Saturday and learned about this.
He'd have to be pretty stupid to not allow the Bear to feed itself. Why would he want a giant dead animal at his tower that he wouldn't be able to get rid of?
I like to imagine the polar bear as a black dude fed up with all this shit.


"Mutha fucking white dudes, got me swimming on a leash, catching fish, gonna drown if I swim behind a rock."

Then it caught Cholera and died.
&gt; leash

Yes. Like he could hold back a bear that wanted to chase something.
I think it must of been... A trojan BEAR!
Prince Harry would have shot it today. Inbred spongers.
Where exactly did he get this bear? I thought polar bears were only native to N.A. unless he brought it from there...
&gt;The fruits are the most obvious threat, earning manchineel the name manzanita de la muerte, or "little apple of death," from Spanish conquistadors. Resembling a small green crabapple about 1 to 2 inches wide, the sweet-smelling fruits can cause hours of agony — and potentially death — with a single bite.


This sounds like some serious biblical shit.
When we went to the Virgin Islands a few years ago, manchineels were growing on the beach.  We didn't go to the park service visitor center first so we weren't warned about it.  My sister hung her shirt on one of the branches.  She had a bad time after snorkeling.  
I actually ate half of a Manchineel apple on accident as a child (~12 years old) when I lived in Grenada and was out fishing one day. It was fully ripe and laying on the ground - perfectly yellow and smelled super amazing. I gotta say it tasted great. I should have been clued in to the fact that birds and insects hadn't touched it, though that was why I only had half.

Within a minute my mouth was numb and within 30 minutes the numbness had spread to my throat and chest in general and my mouth burned slightly as if I had eaten some tabasco.

I was told by the locals I should be thankful I only ate half and that it was 'fall off the tree ripe' or I might have died.

8/10 - would eat again.
If this Satan shit is just "one of the" most poisonous trees in the world, I'd hate to be near the most poisonous tree in the world. I'd probably just melt.
[deleted]
This is the pufferfish of trees. If you don't handle it *just so*, it'll fuck you hard.
I read the title of the post to my husband and he asked where this tree was. I said probably Australia then read the article.

Was shocked to learn it is in Florida and South America !!
Burn it with ~~fire~~ acid!
Top 10 most poisonous plants
Manchineel, Jimsonweed, Aconite, White Snakeroot, English Yew, The Castor Bean, Deadly Nightshade, Water Hemlock and Oleander.
This tree should sing for a death metal band. 
The Taking Tree
My brother had a run in with one of these trees with painful results. 

http://youtu.be/364GFrNa3wA
But it's natural so it must be good for you. 
til that this subreddit has mined wikipedia dry and is now going about reposting yesterdays cracked.com articles
There's an old legend that says plants agreed to heal men's ills after the animals began to poison them for not giving thanks while hunting. 

I think this and the gympie gympie were out back smoking during the meeting.
[deleted]
[let us never forget](http://i.imgur.com/LxTHGBa.jpg)
I was in Curaçao a couple of years ago on vacation with my girlfriend and we went to a park on the north side of the island. It was raining a little and the attendant told us not to park under the trees because the rain falling off of them would burn us. Having never heard of such a tree, it was obviously a bit of a shock. That's it. That's my story. 
My father was, back in the 70s, in a island on the carribean with a then-girlriend when they saw a manchinell tree. They were hungry and the fruit looks kinda apetizing, so my father took one, opened with a knife and licked it, so to see if he could eat it. Not long after he was feeling soo ill and he said everything was hurting, from his eyes to his toes. His girlfriend had to drive him to a hospital where he spent the rest of the day agonizing.

He still tells this story to this day, and you can see the agony on his face... Be careful, kids, don't eat what you don't know what it is!
Somebody reads Cracked.com
I might get one for my mother in law 
They think it causes cancer too? How much worse could it get?

&gt;"And aside from the short-term danger, some manchineel compounds may be co-carcinogenic, promoting the growth of benign and malignant tumors."
I think its a testament to the innovation or stupidity of the human race that the bark and dried fruit can be used as medicine and the tree for timber as long you dry it out in the sun so it doesn't give someone a rash when they sit on the chair you made from it.
TIL my ex is a tree
Didn't even read the article but let me guess, native to Australia?
And this is not in Australia? I don't believe it.
Tree probably holds the key to curing cancer. 
I just wish they included an actual decent picture of the tree instead of closeups of leaves and fruit. 
There was an episode of Naked and Afraid where the guy had a run in with a tree like this (can't remember what it was called). They stupidly built their shelter underneath it. Ouch. 
We'll find a way to turn it into hot sauce
What bothers me more is OP's grammar.
"The manchineel tree, which ranges from South Florida to northern South America, is an endangered species"

Good
Yep, went on a volunteer trip to some remote island off of guadeloupe. These things were everywhere and quite frankly they were scary as hell. The fruit is apparently so accidic itd be like drinking sulfuric acid, and pretty much every other part of the tree just wants to fuck you up. 
Yup. Another thing to add to the slowly growing list of things I wont have sex with.
This tree is kind of an asshole
Maybe this will keep those neighbor kids off my lawn
So making it into anal beads is right out?
Wow, sounds even worse than Giant Hogweed, an invasive species we have here in Western Canada. Their sap is serious bad news, if it gets in your eyes in can cause permanent blindness, and if it gets in your skin, it makes it permanently more sensitive to UV light, causing rashes and blisters, and I think increasing your risk of skin cancer.
And it's NOT in Australia!
What a fucking bitch of a tree.
Yup these bastards are all over Costa Rica I stood under one during a rain storm. One of the worst ideas u have ever had. 
Kill it with fire!
You know, you should really wait more than 2-3 days after the cracked post to leech it's karma.
But it's organic and all natural, therefore completely healthy and way better than anything Big Farms produce for your grocery store!  /s
Apparentlyyyyyyy this is the only creature immune to the tree of death 

http://i.imgur.com/qIwgIqS.jpg
Snoop will smoke this and disprove all science. 
Is this thing illegal to have in the United States? 
Thanks God 
Is this the death apple tree?
Why does it have to be poisonous. Those fruits looks so delicious!
To top it all off, the tree might also be co-carcinogenic. It can actually cause cancer 

That sounds like the Flaahgra from metroid prime!!
Sounds like my Yellow Oleander trees
The only way this tree could be more dangerous is if it had legs and could chase you around and force feed you its fruit.
BTFO Tree. 
"one of". Wait there are other trees as or more poisonous than this one??
I hear the leaves make great toilet paper.
great. Now I'm wondering if anyone uses this tree or the Dendrocnide Moroides tree as torture devices. Thanks TIL for putting that horrible thought in my head. 
The tree itself is actually quite pretty.  They're are a bunch on the north coast of the island here right on the beach.  The green really pops so it's quite picturesque with white sand and blue sea.
Aah, the little apple of death. Standing under the trees when it rains for shelter is a bad idea... there are tonnes of them just a few metres down the road from where I am now, you cant even burn the leaves. And the trees are so ubiquitous along the shoreline and in swampy areas, who woulda thought? I hear every single lart of the tree is poisonous!
"How did she die?" "Death"
Then stop taking pictures of it and kill it with fire?
How does this compare with the "Stinging Tree"?

&gt; 
Stinging tree

&gt;Found in forests in Queensland in Australia and Indonesia, Dendrocnide moroides is the deadliest and &gt;most potent stinging nettle in the world. Accidentally brushing past any part of this plant can deliver a &gt;potent toxin that will cause a painful stinging sensation lasting for days or even months. A severe &gt;sting from this plant has been known to kill humans, and it is certainly deadly to pigs, horses, dogs &gt;and most other animals. 

The realist tree in the motha fucking orchard
Why haven't we destroyed it yet ? 
Well... It's certainly not the giving tree.
I expected it to be in Australia. 
I wonder how many of our ancestors died trying to domesticate it before they just got fed up and stopped trying. 
How do I get one?
Fully expected this to be indigenous to Australia. I was disappoint.
This tree and my ex girlfriend amirite?
holy shit, i lived in florida my whole life, 5 years of which in south florida, and i have never heard of this shit. 
Meh, hardly triffid-level scary.
Damn this tree really wanted that winner of plant evolution in the defense category award. 
This is a lovely tree of death. Take care now bye bye then.
I'd hate to be the first person who found out about all those things.
I wish I would have seen this post 3 days ago before I cut down the one that was in my front yard..
Man, chin, eel.
WE SHOULD DESTROY THAT TREE!!!!
What a great Christmas idea!
Shouldn't we kill it before it kills us?
Fuck you tree!
Are we protecting this tree since its on the endangered list? Why the hell are we not just mass destroying these.
Here I was, absolutely sure it was found in the welcoming and caring arms of an Australian forest.
Don't worry guys it's natural. How can something that grows in the ground be harmful to smoke????
So which side of the earth does this tree inhabit? I'd like to reside on the other side if that's alright...
I too, read Cracked.
"The manchineel tree may be endangered, but so is anyone who messes with it."
Aka the tree of death. 
So much for the Tree of Life.
Yessssssss...Not from Australia
This tree is basically natures big "fuck you" to humans. 
Late to the game, as always, but had a boss that ate a piece of the fruit. She was on an island that didn't have a medical center, so they went to an adjacent island where they had a crappy one. They couldn't really do anything for her, but they did repeatedly tell her not to eat the fruit. She somehow managed to not die. She was very lucky. She might also have super powers.
In the Florida Keys they are pretty common and are simply called poison wood. 
TIL OP's title is considered one of the most mangled title in the world.
I could have gone my whole life without knowing there's a tree that can kill me without falling or dropping coconuts/branches on me. 

Now when I run for cover in a rain storm I have to worry "Is this tree going to blind and/or poison me?" 
I thought these were going to be native to Australia for sure.
*Humans hate it! Learn this one trick for killing off all life on Earth!*
It's little things like this that make you understand why people believed in silly things like curses and possessed demon objects, and stuff.

Have one villager die on a hill, and this tree grow in the general area, and suddenly it's the soul of that villager haunting it.
This tree must be indigenous to Australia. It seems to fit all the requirements.
Funny story about the Manchineel Tree. On vacation a few years ago in St. Kitts when my dad pulls what he thinks is a small crabapple off a tree at the beach. Proceeds to take a bite and hands it to my cousin who also takes a bite. They think it tastes pretty good but decide to not eat the rest of it.

Within seconds, and I means about 3 seconds, they realize something is horribly wrong with what they have just eaten. At the same time a few locals who must have witnessed them eating the Manchineel come running over with goats milk and tell them to drink all of it and then rinse their mouths out with salt water from the ocean for about 20minutes during which time they inform them of what they actually just ate and how it's extremely toxic. 

Crisis averted thanks to the locals and did not have to spend any time in the hospital but definitely had a really bad burning sensation throughout their mouths for hours later. Lesson learned: don't eat stuff off trees in foreign countries.
Hey Australia, I think you're missing one of your trees. 
You just read the Cracked article too huh?
Like wtf nature, cmon. Why make this shit?
I'm surprised it's not found in Australia. 
I was shocked to learn this tree isn't native to Australia 
It's not in Australia?  Strange.
&gt;one of the most poisonous 

So there are other just as if not more poisonous? Wtf nature
Dare I suggest that this might just be the "ugly tree"? 
I remember seeing those in the US Virgin Islands. We didn't go anywhere near it and there were signs all over warning people about them. 
So... Why are people preserving them if they're so dangerous? Do they have any other purpose other than to survive by fucking up anyone who comes near it? 
&gt;Manchineels are notorious in their native habitats, the sandy soils and mangroves of South Florida

See there Australia, USA can bring something to the party!
So what kind of drugs can we make from it?
"South Florida"

Florida 1, Australia 0
Well... sometimes maybe it is right to let a species go extinct.
So if one was to plant this in their backyard and a neighbor ate one of the fruit,  and died, would that be considered manslaughter?  A friend  wanted to know...
How is the species propagated, through carcasses?
Cracked huh?
A fellow Cracked reader I see. 
Damn nature, you scary! 
I accidentally toched one while hiking in Curacao and didn't die
This was in a cracked article like 2 days ago haha
Locally known as the 'fuck-you tree'
Idk how much it counts for a TIL, when one hundred thousand other people also read the same CRACKED.com article you did. Still I did not know this either and gympie-gympie is way scarier.
We have these in Aruba. There's only 20 or so trees left in the wild, safely and away from everybody in a forest. I've heard many stories of people dying when coming in contact with this tree, many years ago. Nowadays because they're so far away, it's not an issue anymore.
TIL That tree is a dick. Its like its just out to get you no matter what.
Also called the Death Apple.
Also if approached by a scarecrow and a girl with ruby slippers, it throws apples at them and asks how they would like it if somebody took a bite out of them.
Does it grow in Australia ? 
But it's organic. So it's ok
So was there someone who knew about the blisters from the rain and blindnesses from the smoke, but still decided to eat the fruit?
It grows in Australia, doesn't it?
How is this tree not Australian?
Seriously, lets end this tree. If you find one cut that bitch down with gloves and spray poison on the stump.
I am always amazed at things looking attractive but being poisonous.

In Vonnegut someplace is a tree which bore currency as fruit. People would fight and die under the trees and their bodies provided fertilizer. Could this tree have that same strategy, killing animals that ate from it for that reason?

But a tree which kills animals upon which it depends can't ultimately be successful so perhaps it toxins protect the few animals that are not affected and these animals in turn provide some service such as spreading its fruit.
Damn. What country is this tree in? - so I can stay the hell away.
Damn. What country is this tree in? - so I can stay the hell away.
Must be in Australia.
is there some special reason it hasnt been wiped off the planet yet or...?
I'm surprised that this tree isn't in Australia.
Instead of using rhino horn and dolphins, can we just tell Chinese doctors that this tree will give them boners and cure cancer.
Too bad it doesn't grow in Syria.
plant belongs in Austrialia...
Wow...not australia...
Yes, I too read cracked.
I, too, read Cracked. I'm surprised you also didn't mention that tying people to the tree was a form of torture used by the native folks there.
It might be the first "most poisonous something" that is not in Australia.
Yesterday on Cracked.Com
Christ, what an asshole.
Are there any other trees that are dangerous like this? 
How did I grow up in Miami and never hear about this tree? We heard horror stories about oleander all the time, like tourist died roasting hot dogs using oleander stick.
I can't believe it. It's not from Australia.
Hm, but what if we smoke it?
Aka the most bad ass tree alive 
Let's send it to Australia. It will fit right in. 
This must be some shit straight out of Australia. Has to be! 
I bet tree people die each year from this tree.
Came for the Fountain of Youth, found the Tree of Death.  Bad Luck Ponce De Leon.
interesting. I never knew even trees could be this deadly
I read it mechanical tree for some reason.... 
I grew up in Grand Cayman and these are all over the place in the rural parts down there. It only took one time  standing under one of these during a rainstorm for me to learn why you don't do that. 

On top of that, we have Maiden Plum which is like Posion Ivy and Oak times 10. It causes huge patches of blisters to form all over the affected area. We also have crocodiles and caimans, giant rodents called agoutis, and an infestation of non-native green iguanas. 

A harsh environment sometimes, but damn do I miss it.

I ate a fruit that looked just like that about an hour ago. Should I be wo
Finally, something that'll keep the damn cats out of my yard.
.. Can I get it in bonsai form?
Evolutionary alpha of the plant world. Couldn't out evolve humans though.
Someone read a cracked article yesterday
Bet I could stick my dick in it or they don't call me "Bonerchamp"
What happens if you smoke it? 
it is the little-apple that brings total obliteration
Then stop taking pictures of it and kill it with fire?
This is one of those "What the fuck, evolution?" moments.
I came across these while doing research on the Island of San salvador in the Bahamas; needless to say the locals had no problem removing these things, more balls than I have. 
Didn't it feature in one of the 007 films?
Scary shit !!!!
Sounds like a good choice for a security hedge.
My wife and I were taking a cruise to the Caribbean and stopped off at Barbados a few years ago. We went exploring and found a bunch of fruits on the floor that looked like small apples (i thought) or like guava (my wife thought). So we decided to bite into one to taste it and figure it out. So we each took one bite and swallowed a bit. Neither of us knew what it was so we just carried on. Within about 3 minutes, we had the most horrible, burning sensation in our mouths and throats. We ran to the store and bought some cold beverages. I got a beer, which was a mistake. I started spitting up foam and it made my throat feel worse. I went back to the tree and picked up one of the fruits and showed it to a local. This guy slapped it out of my hand, and yelled out "dont touch that" and pointed to the tree with a huge fucking X spray painted on it. Neither of us idiots had noticed this. He told us to drink lots of milk, apparently a common local treatment for young stupid kids who pick up random shit off the floor who may accidentally eat one of these fruits. So we took the bus back to boat and each drank about 2 big glasses of milk and it went away. 
P.S. you would think the nurse practitioner on board would know what we had eaten. But she didnt, we had to google it ourselves.  
Man fuck that tree
I made that mistake
This *poser* tree doesn't have anything on the Australian Gympie Gympie.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dendrocnide_moroides

&gt;Contact with the leaves or twigs causes the hollow, silica-tipped hairs to penetrate the skin. The sting causes an extremely painful stinging sensation that can last for days, weeks, or months, and the injured area becomes covered with small, red spots joining together to form a red, swollen mass. The sting is potent enough to kill humans, dogs, and horses,[6] and is infamously agonizing. Stories tell of horses jumping off cliffs after being stung, and supposedly one Australian officer shot himself to escape the pain of a sting.[9] One man who was slapped in the face and torso with the foliage said, "For two or three days the pain was almost unbearable; I couldn’t work or sleep, then it was pretty bad pain for another fortnight or so. The stinging persisted for two years and recurred every time I had a cold shower. ...

&gt;The recommended treatment for skin exposure to the hairs is applying hydrochloric acid
I wonder if you can make a flute out of it.
For your enemies.
is this tree in Australia?
Sounds like a defense mechanism.
Woah, so I guess this is the Taking Tree.
Not as bad as the Bradford Pear Tree, that tree smells like pungent cum when it's flowers bloom.
For some reason I think I'd get in less trouble for smuggling this trees seeds/seedlings, into my country, then I would for smuggling in some weed seeds/seedlings..
Compared to that Australia seems like a walk in the park.
Chop the cunting things down. 
So you're saying....this tree is a dick?
What's that tree someone accidentally wiped with and killed themselves because it hurt so much.
I should have been clued in to the slowly growing list of things I wont have sex with.
Not more deadly than a waterlily. Stay under it for a few minutes and you are dead.
Here is another interesting plant, from . . .where else?  Australia:


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dendrocnide_moroides
It taste like burning...ughhh, ahhhh, unnggggghh
Huh, not much different than my ex.
What an asshole tree.
For those who didn't actually read this, this is taken from an interview with an actress. From this perspective it seems like it was more of a musing of Roosevelt's than a deeply held belief or plan for a doctrine.
If something horrible happened, I don't think most people would know how to be self-sustaining even if they had the land.

Just enough space for your settlement, just don't forget to build turrets.
USA:   
Total Area - 9,158,960,000,000 m2  
Population - 318,900,000   
Area per. Person - 28,720 m2  
Acre = 4,047 m2  
  
So, the USA could have "1 acre/person" using only 14% of available land.
  
Or, the USA can have "1 acre/person" for 2.3 billion people.
That's funny.  We have 2.5 acres and we'd be the first to starve or be cannibalized during a catastrophe.
Wasn't there a mule in there, too?  

I think it was actually 40 acres.

And a mule.
[ Five Acres and Independence: A Practical Guide to the Selection and Management of the Small Farm, 1940 ]( https://books.google.com/books?id=-sPpuXiMDQgC )
I'm not sure an acre would be enough to be self-sustaining, but you could produce way more vegetables than you'd think from an acre.  It would certainly help.
He's not the first president to advocate land ownership. Far from it. Thomas Jefferson thought everyone should own land in a healthy republic. He let squatters build houses on federal land. He encouraged it!
That's not FDR...
TIL Olivia de Havilland is STILL ALIVE?!
The federal government owns 636 million acres -- about a fourth of the US. It could do this tomorrow.

Just ask.
From the thumbnail I thought he was in a dress until I tapped through to the post.
FDR thought that, except for Japanese Americans. They can rot in camps.
Back in the day, people used to get free land, especially exploring and settling in the west. Unfortunately, uneducated people ended up selling it, thinking all that extra land adds no extra value to them.
Just FYI:  An acre = about half of a soccer field 
Anyone interested in a sub related to self-sustaining life, head on over to /r/PostCivilization
Actually Andrew Jackson proposed this way before Roosevelt but he's crazy so why would we listen to that guy.....    
Tennessee actually did this in [Cumberland](http://cumberlandhomesteads.org/history.html) during/after the Great Depression as a part of the New Deal. My fraternal grandparents grew up on the homestead.

The families would build their barn, then sleep in it while they built the house, then move into the house and farm the land. The community pooled their resources. They built 250 homes that were:

&gt; "purchased by the selected Homesteaders who had to meet rigid requirements of “high character, ability, honesty, and willingness to work and cooperate with the government in this planned community.”

&gt; The project began with the clearing of ten thousand acres of timberland. Architect, William Macy Stanton designed the community and structures. The wood and stone used in the construction were taken from the land around the homesteads. The homes were paneled in pine and heated with fireplaces. Fifteen different house designs were used, only eleven of which were repeated. The houses had indoor plumbing at the request of Eleanor Roosevelt who had a special interest in these projects. The homes were wired in anticipation of the Tennessee Valley Authority, which provided electricity by 1937.


Ultimately it failed, but it is incredible to hear stories about growing up there. 
[deleted]
Not all acres are created equal.  What if you got an old leech mining claim acre full of arsenic and lead?  Not sure you'd be self sustaining for long on that
Until zoning and code enforcement comes after you for growing illegal tomatoes.

This is pretty rich coming from someone who ordered farmers to not farm on their land and had their administration prosecute farmers for **growing too much food**... **while people were starving in lines**
My dad was born in Brooklyn, as the son of two immigrants. His dad, my grandfather had 7 children and retired making 30k a year.

My dad has an acre of land in NJ. I can maybe afford an acre in Newark (because they basically give it away).
The problem is distribution. If everyone receives one acre at once, many new owners would sell causing a run on the market. When I was a kid, the BC govt. handed out 5 shares in a new public company to every individual. Like any kid, I sold my shares — I'd rather have the $45. So likely land prices would collapse and deep-pocketed investors would scoop up millions of acres for pennies on the dollar. The pattern probably holds for any one-time wealth redistribution. Tax credits or basic income are more efficient. 

Well let me tell you, as a amateur gardener, the only way 1 acre of land could render me self-sustaining would be if it had grocery store, a liquor commission, a butcher, and a generator. 
It might have been possible then, since the US population in 1942 was less than half of what it is now (134.9 million/315 million).

Considering how much land our current way of life requires to support commerce and business, and how much of that land could actually be used by an occupant to support themselves, I very much doubt it could work today.  It's not like folks in Arizona (around Phoenix) would be able to farm enough to survive, unless the catastrophe was a flood.
would he then burn their crops like he did in the 30s?
FDR [banned](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wickard_v._Filburn) people from growing food in their own back yard.  That's considered interstate commerce, since if you grow your own food you're not going to the store.
I wonder where in the continental US you could buy the cheapest acre of land and how much it would cost?  Probably somewhere in the midwest or the desert.   I wouldn't be surprised if my state of West Virginia had some pretty horrible acres that would cost less than the tax you'd pay on it. 
Crazy that you could actually do that in America. Over here in England we barely have enough space for us all to has 100m²
Area of the USA in Acres: 2.436 billion
Population of the USA: 318.9 million
You can actually give 7.63 acres to each american, but hey, that's socialism and you guys are against that. 
I agree that I wouldn't be able to grow anything - I have a black thumb - but I have a well with clean water. It's smelly, but once processed, I have good clean water. 

Oh, and solar panels. I have solar panels, so I can make electricity to pump that water up from the depths and process it. 

So. I'll be hydrated at least. And electricity on sunny days. Barter system anyone?
Roosevelt thought a lot of things that weren't practical in reality.  As dumb as this idea is (and make no mistake, he knew it was dumb, but ideas like this attract the votes of economic illiterates like flies to manure), he had dumber.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt was an exquisite president and showed real humanity , which is lacking today in presidency . 
In 1944 , He proposed a Second Bill of Rights which would guarantee eight specific rights. He proposed these rights because the rights promised by the US Constitution and the Bill of Rights "prooved inadequatte to assure equality in the pursuit of happiness". The eight rights included in Roosevelt's Bill of Rights were :
 
• The right to a useful and remunerative job in the industries or shops or farms or mines of the nation

• The right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation

• The right of every farmer to raise and sell his products at a return which will give him and his family a decent living

• The right of every businessman, large and small, to trade in an atmosphere of freedom from unfair competition and domination by monopolies at home or abroad

• The right of every family to a decent home

• The right to adequate medical care and the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health

• The right to adequate protection from the economic fears of old age, sickness, accident, and unemployment

• The right to a good education

Roosevelt died a year later and due to increasingly worse health state the Bill was never passed. He basically wanted to mix socialism and capitalism. 
Ive got about 1000ft^2. I wish i had land. 
It was a thing in Bulgaria, still is. Many people either have a bit of land just outside of town or in a village somewhere, or both. 

My grandparents did - they'd use it to grow seasonal,  then can most of it for winter. 

During the economic turmoil in the 90s and early 2000s that's how many fed their families 

He also supported fire bombing on civilians. Just a random fact.
Do I have to point out that in a catastrophe that would be on such a scale that would eliminate economies of scale production (eliminating why it is better to share ownership like a co-op or have one owner of lots of land like a mega farm), everyone could easily have several hundred thousand acres of land themselves, and "own it," because society will have collapsed and property rights would be meaningless.  
uhm yeah, and I like to think every American should have a roof over their heads and not have to worry about their next meal... in a perfect world...
If you can find one, ask a family farmer or dairy farmer how much vacation they take a year. A farmer or anyone who tries to live off the land is tied to that land. A catastrophe would mean tying yourself to your land and defending every last snap pea or squash to the death from looters.

The lyrics to the song weren't "How you gonna keep 'em down in Times Square when they've seen Des Moines?"

Nothing wrong with Des Moines. Just sayin'
But he confiscated their gold because he wanted them to be self-sustaining blah balh blah....
FDR thought a lot of stupid shit. He set the rate of gold based on a lucky number, even though it's implications for the economy were massive.
And yet FDR argued that the federal government could restrict farming, even if for personal use. See Wickard v. Filburn: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wickard_v._Filburn
Oh so that's what the internment of Japanese people was for...
12 acres for me. We already get our firewood from our land and we have a small garden. I'm not sure if you can be self sustaining on only 1 acre though. That's tiny.
Commie scum!
The more I learn about Roosevelt, the more he seems like Bernie Sanders
I wonder if this way of thinking influenced his pro-suburb policies, which are anti-city by definition 
"Every one should be able to be self sufficient"
...
"Unless I need to buy votes using retarded government programs such as social security."
Except for the Japanese Americans or Jews
Let me just grow some iPhone trees.
I love this idea. Too bad most people wouldn't know what to do with said acre. 
That would make zero difference in people today being self sustaining. 
The same FDR who started social security??
The idea that to be a real citizen you should own some land has a long, proud history. The bad version is that only people with property should get to vote. The good version is that we should make sure that all citizens get some property, because if you don't have that independent ability to support yourself that a small farm gives, you can't be a good citizen. Ancient Greeks were into it, Thomas Jefferson was into it, and I guess FDR was into it.

This is a bit outdated in the present day of course, since small farmers have become a thing of the past. The modern version would be something like the basic income, which would have the same effect of allowing people to be independent and outside of the labor market if they chose.
Its true. I have .90 acres and that last tenth is really doing us in. 
My dream is still to buy a suburban house and dig a deep ass secret chamber in the backyard that's atleast 100 feet deep and browse 4chan all day as the calcium is sucked from my bones and I die from cancer.
You need more than an acre of land to be self sustaining.  You need skills.  Most people lack those skills.
TIL FDR was a doomsday prepper. 
Once vertical farming gets going, you could reduce this area as well.
Actually, this sort of thing was part of the Democratic Party's ideology up until the 1930's.

They generally believed that an agrarian society was best suited for the development of a truly democratic system. With the rise of industrialization, mass immigration and much later freed slaves, the Dems believed in expanding westward to acquire more land. This is why the Democrats were white, slave-owning, imperialists until the 1930's.
The bright side is that every American would probably get more than an acre of land to self-sustain if a catastrophe hit and killed most everybody.
[deleted]
Bernie Panders after hearing this: "Every person in the US deserves 1 acre of free land! It is a basic human right!"
Commie socialist!

Give me taxes and anti abortion and anti immigration and prohibition laws!  Praise the jesus!
Great thought, but can't see that happening in larger areas like new york. 
I think a lot of dumb things too.  Luckily, not many people are seriously affected by my dumb ideas.
And Today I learned FDR was retarded.
Pretty sure most Americans took this advice to heart, but in the wrong way, and grew an acre of fat to fall back on in case of catastrophe.  

Ayyyyy lmao.    
Can't say it was a bad idea. I will be putting all my extra money in the future into land/property acquisition, not the sham of a stock market this country operates. Cash flow is king. Always has been, always will be. Until you have millions/billions for M&amp;A, that is.
TIL Roosevelt had no idea how much land it actually takes to be self-sustaining. Can't blame him I suppose, given that he was born into riches, and never had to get his hands dirty in his life. 
No surprise here. He had a lot of half-baked ideas. 
Would an acre of land be enough to sustain a family of four comfortably?
Good for him, good for him.. 
I had no idea he had such nice gams. Too bad, though...
Huh.  Another thing he and I have in common.
Because he didn't know about increasing returns to scale.
it seems that was a direction we were headed till the 70's and 80's. most of the people I know born in FDR's time had their own land/home
and then the future US government realized it would be much better for almost every american to rely upon the government in case of a catastrophe, so that they could not rebel effectively
Given that the US had a limited amount of acreage and that the population of the US would be bound to increase over time, I can only assume the following:

1)  He also believed that the US population should be culled over time to make this scheme work.
2)  That the US should seize more territory and expel the residents of said territory in order to keep this scheme working.
3)  Didn't put a whole lot of thought into this scheme.
Since my house its on .20 acres all I have to do is eliminate the neighbors in case of catastrophe. That's how I'll get my acre of land.
Not a bad idea, but most people just don't give a shit and would sell the land to buy a big house and great car.
Maybe for each household or citizen over 18?...not every single American.  idk how many little kids nead a whole acre to themselves..would leave a lot of extra space. I do agree with that idea... would end a lot of poverty for a lot of people if they could grow their own food and had space to build their own projects instead of being crammed into apartment buildings on top of one another.  Room for everyone to have solar panels or a windmill, room for kids to be kids and play outside!  Not sure how the land could be equally distributed and located though... and what happens when we have too many people one day? 
In case of a catastrophe, an acre of land wont be helping you
... so the Canadian equivalent shall be 10 acres per person (or even more)? I'm game :)
Furthermore, you should own an acre of land in order to vote.
I would farm the shit out of my land.  
The catch is that 80% of the people don't realize that it will still take 2-3 months before anything edible will grow. 

1 week in and you'd hear a bunch of starving people say "Thanks FDR"
I don't think that would help any redditors during the apocalypse...
That would be one acre PER ADULT IN THE FAMILY, best case.
We can still do it! We can make this vision come to life. Every American an acre!
I'd be happy with a kitchen that wasn't in my bedroom
How many acres do I need for a cow? 
Strip malls... strip malls everywhere.
I fucking wish. I can't even own a foot of land let alone an acre.
It's been argued the fact that land/home ownership is extremely easy in the US, compared to all other nations on earth, is the reason why we have such a stable government and economy.  The individual sense of home defense is a strong enough instinct to keep everything the status quo. 
COMMUNISM!!!!!!
The New Deal hasn't come through and #blacklivesmatter is still bitching about their missing 39.
And thus was born FHA and suburbia. Not to mention personally overseeing the building of Greenbelt, Maryland and excluding blacks. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/local/longterm/tours/fdr/impact.htm
Source is gardenandgun.com? Meh, probably checks out
The Deer eat my fruit, the squirrels my Walnuts, the Rabbits my vegetable crop, the Ground Squirrels my foundation, the Hummingbirds 5 lbs of sugar/month, the birds 25 lbs of seed/month  and the horses 2 tons of feed/month. Who's getting sustained here?
There are neighborhoods that you can't even grow your own garden.
Whew! Talk about urban sprawl.
Considering the relatively high percentage of the population that needs medications that they can't manufacture themselves to stay alive, the population won't be terribly self sustaining, anyway. 
I think it sort of depends on where that acre is. I think I would like mine to be in Malibu.
1 acre per person is not close to enough to be self-sustaining. That's not even enough to grow food for half a person using the most calorie dense foods like rice.
That's a nice thought.
I'll give you one guess why this didn't happen

...

A: Lol literally Mao's idea

The New Deal was hard enough to get through the way it was.
That'd be great.
I don't think that would've helped the people in the dustbowl. 
I seem to remember a certain state fining people for collecting rain water in the US recently....and also charging people for living off the grid (ie being independent on solar panels etc)

weird how things change when corporations run the Government.
Where's the cheapest, good, arable piece of land available in the U.S? Very broad question but I'd assume that is where people should just buy an acre for the heck of it
totally agree, what if sometihng like fallout happens irl 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/dvbhistory] [TIL President Franklin D. Roosevelt thought every American should own an acre of land so that they could be self-sustaining in case of catastrophe.](https://np.reddit.com/r/DVBHistory/comments/3t7phu/til_president_franklin_d_roosevelt_thought_every/)

- [/r/dvbhistory] [TIL President Franklin D. Roosevelt thought every American should own an acre of land so that they could be self-sustaining in case of catastrophe.](https://np.reddit.com/r/DVBHistory/comments/3t7p9k/til_president_franklin_d_roosevelt_thought_every/)

- [/r/notcirclejerk] [TIL President Franklin D. Roosevelt thought every American should own an acre of land so that they could be self-sustaining in case of catastrophe. : todayilearned](https://np.reddit.com/r/notcirclejerk/comments/3t7c4u/til_president_franklin_d_roosevelt_thought_every/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Live on just about an acre in the suburbs. Garden is just about 200 square feet. Produce way more than a family can eat. Also have Apple and peach trees, grapevines, raspberry and blackberries, and strawberry boarders along the backyard walks. Apple tree produces about 3 bushels, peach trees about 60 / year, raspberry about a pint a day in season. Last couple of years we have been even planting white and sweet potatoes.
Feel the Bern 2016
The problem with thinking this way is you would have to take away from people to give to other people. That's not a good idea if you think about it.
But since some of that land is more fertile than others, maybe the people with less fertile land can develop other things on it. Then they can trade with the people who can produce an excess of food on their land. Since the different types of land are probably grouped together we could build a transportation network. That way we can easily move people and goods between different regions as each region specializes in what their land can most easily produce. Then maybe certain people can be chosen to oversee this network, and determine how much each person should contribute towards building it...wait. Fuck. I almost rebuilt society.
WW3 Is upon us? Better start farming
favorite president
Franklin D. Swanson?
Yes! I wish everyone could grow their own food.  
People would build swimming pools and shit, not cultivate it.  
Olivia de Havilland is till alive?! Wow! Looking good for being almost 100. 
The skills that are required to live on an acre of ground.  How many of you know how to can vegetables and meat?  Most will die of food poisoning.  All you guys who have guns, you can't steal skills.  I hope the skills to survive are not lost on this generation but I fear the ability to survive is in true jeopardy.  Can you properly butcher a deer, pig or chicken?  Can you preserve the meat without refrigeration.  Most of all are you willing to work that hard.
Don't forget 3.4% of U.S. land belongs to the National Park Service.

This is my life goal.
In Belize, every citizen is assigned a lot of land when they reach a certain age. 
That's so commie!

The birth of capitalism literally was the rich and powerful deciding not everyone should have their acre of land to be self sufficient and be free to say no to them. They wanted the people to be more dependent on their lords for meager pay, for bare existence. So they then violently drove all the small land owners, the cottagers and yeomen from their land over the centuries, and with it capitalism grew.

That's why capitalism works: a paycheck, any paycheck is the proverbial offer most people cannot refuse because they are not self sufficient, they don't have the means of production to be self sufficient.
Why would the concept of land ownership remain constant in case of catastrophe?  
One thing I've learned over the years, in many states even if you got the land for free you still have to pay property taxes on the land and in some places like NJ that could be thousands of dollars per year. It's like we're renting the land from Uncle Sam.
He also thought no person needed any income above $250,000, so there's that too.
It would be nice if people could do that. Not sure how it would work in reality. Would be best to start with a small community or city I suppose. 

A lot of what FDR said seems so 'commie' now. Weird. 
Too bad you won't own it without paying property taxes! =\
HAHAHAHAHA.  Try that today and people would be like "shit, google how to plant a potato, stat!" and  "how the fuck do you grow sushi?".

Yeah, would never happen.  Catastrophe today is "I have no reception". 
Tbf there's like 2,379,964,800 acres of space and only roughly 120,000,000 households so we really could do that if it wasn't for preexisting ownership rights.
You can be damn sure that plan would also include guns, but Reddit would hate to hear that.
Now people just think they need a gun to hold off evildoers while they wait for WalMart to reopen. 
If you become a president, Don't pull a Mao Tsedong, making policy on things you don't have any expertise in.
And that's the end of our public transportation system... Only a small few US cities are dense enough to have good public transportation. As a resident of the Denver area, a lot has already been put into our public transportation and it's still not really good enough to buy a bus pass. Everything is too spaced out, the city layout by design is car-dependant.

I want to be able to walk to get groceries. Not burn dinosaurs for my explosion-propelled deathmachine. ^((*Fossil fuels don't really have anything to do with dinosaurs)^)
99.99% of americans own an acre of land.   the 0.01% own the rest of them.
Is there a law that's currently active to support this?
And now they own nothing and pay rent.
I definitely have less than that, but I feel I could do a lot. Hell, I could knock off a lot of my driveway to keep it going.
is there enough land in the u.s for every citizen now?
Man, I'd be happy with 1000 sq. ft. right about now. 
That is actually a really good idea to undermine the tendency in capitalism to turn people to slaves. 
Dibs on the one next to the river.
So as a Brit I only seem to hear good things about FDR, why is he not held in higher regard?
IF you gave a shit about Americans, you'd be all for everyone getting a plot of land to till and live on. 
acre of land next to the beach
From the thumbnail I thought he was in a dress until I tapped through to the post.
I think that goes back to Jefferson. 
Today's government and corporations: "Hahahahahahahahahah, wait I'm not done, Hahahahahahahahhhhhh..."
Or, bands together like countrymen and human fucking beings with a single acre across two or three families, halving the work required.
Why do urbanites who never have to do a day's physical work idealize tiny farms like that?
Hey, worked for the native Americans, right? ...
Which is why he paid farmers to burn their crops.

Because....self-sustainability.  
Talk about Paranoia...
http://www.motherearthnews.com/homesteading-and-livestock/self-reliance/self-sufficient-homestead-zm0z11zkon.aspx
Also lets open the borders and give acres to illegals who dont pay taxes!
So who gets land in Manhattan vs middle of nowhere Kansas.
Let's get Bernie to follow through, I want my acre.
I own 4 but it's almost all wooded. Thankfully, my in-laws own the farmland next to it.
Hard to do while living in cities
I don't think FDR really believed this. Thomas Jefferson on the other hand did want a population of self-sufficient farmers, and it was one of the big reasons for the Louisiana purchase.  
Not sure that he felt the same about American citizens of Japanese ancestry.... Unless he defined self-sustaining as being locked under armed guard in an internment camp while your homes and businesses were destroyed.


Age of Empires: America edition
Would be nice if this were true today. Would be a valuable resource to setup your own place and cultivate your own veggies.
hey at least he had the nerve to abandon the bought congress he was faced with
Yeah that'd be great. Thanks for nothin' Frank.
If only he made it a law for every body to have it
Funny how he was also anti-gun. Guess in the event of a catastrophe he wanted people to be able to sustain themselves but not defend themselves.
I don't think in case of a catastrophe people would care much about ownership rights.
How many acres is America?
Jokes on him, I own 13000 Hectares of land. Someone want to help with yardwork? :(
Dang socialist. The market can't accommodate everyone having their own land, dangit.
I wouldn't mind that now...even if it was downwind of Hooker, South Dakota. 
Buy some land, buy some land, fuck spinnin' rims!

Buy some land, buy some land, fuck spinnin' rims!

Buy some land, buy some land, fuck spinnin' rims!

Buy some land, buy some land, fuck spinnin' rims!
I HAVE THOUGHT THIS MYSELF I MUST BE A GENIUS!
Meanwhile in San Fransisco...
FDR didnt account for the baby boomer generation....then again, he didnt experience baby boomer generation :(
Is there even enough land in the united States to support this? Assuming that you don't take away land that other people own, since that would kinda be a dick move 
Where's the other 39?  And what about the mule?
My family has 12 so I guess we're covered
Who's going to take advice about staying alive from a dead man? 
I once thought everything in the should be free. So what? It would not work in reality.
Is an acre enough to build Thunderdome?
If we were all plant-based eaters, this could be easily done.
well i rent 1200 sqft.  

uncle teddy wouldnt be so proud

Why does this article have a picture of J. Edgar Hoover?
That seems terribly inefficient during the 99.999% of the time it's not needed.  And that small chance, it's a bit too late to set up your "self-sustaining" environment then.
I've got friends who can't keep an apartment clean.
The problem with that though; only a few would actually be self sufficient, no matter how much you give them. Sure, back during the depression it would seem more likely, but trying something like that today? That would be hilarious. 
But whenever I need help washing my car or raising a circus tent guess who's nowhere to be found.
Your condition is quite grave young one. You have eaten of the tainted tree. You must seek out the two legs. They may offer you help... or they may offer you death.
I'm now imagining a Pixar movie with a story about a young elephant who has to travel to the mythical land of humans to find a cure for his sick...let's say, aunt.
We're like wizards to them. But, super dick wizards most of the time. Bet that's frustrating, like living in a world where God and the devil were real, but like one guy. 

EDIT: Thank you for the gold! 
90% sure there is a video of a dolphin coming to some divers for help.
TIL an elephant would be better at being lost in the mall than me.
This is all well and good until they start showing up at 7AM to borrow your lawn mower.
This is amazing. This means they know there are good guys and bad guys.
This article makes me happy.  
If there's anything that the internet has taught me, if an article makes me happy, it's a fabrication.  Elephants surely don't exist.

These animals are so intelligent. I have no doubt that they could recognize poachers as well as or better than most law enforcement officials, just by certain characteristics that are not as readily apparent to us as to them, since poachers are a threat in their habitats (and no I don't just mean because poachers would be shooting at them). They likely categorize humans very effectively, "bad killing human," "good helping human," "useless hat wearing human," "rare engorged human" ...
In 1986, Mkele Mbembe was on holiday in Kenya after graduating from Northwestern University.

On a hike through the bush, he came across a young bull elephant standing with one leg raised in the air. The elephant seemed distressed, so Mbembe approached it very carefully.

He got down on one knee and inspected the elephant's foot and found a large piece of wood deeply embedded in it.

As carefully and as gently as he could, Mbembe worked the wood out with his hunting knife, after which the elephant gingerly put down its foot.

The elephant turned to face the man, and with a rather curious look on its face, stared at him for several tense moments.

Mbembe stood frozen, thinking of nothing else but being trampled. Eventually the elephant trumpeted loudly, turned, and walked away.

Mbembe never forgot that elephant or the events of that day.

Twenty years later, Mbembe was walking through the Chicago Zoo with his teenaged son.

As they approached the elephant enclosure, one of the creatures turned and walked over to near where Mbembe and his son Tapu were standing.

The large bull elephant stared at Mbembe, lifted its front foot off the ground, then put it down. The elephant did that several times then trumpeted loudly, all the while staring at the man.

Remembering the encounter in 1986, Mbembe couldn't help wondering if this was the same elephant.

Mbembe summoned up his courage, climbed over the railing and made his way into the enclosure. He walked right up to the elephant and stared back in wonder. The elephant trumpeted again, wrapped its trunk around one of Mbembe' s legs and slammed him against the railing, killing him instantly .

Probably wasn't the same elephant.



So how do I explain to a sick elephant, "Sorry, I am not a toxicologist," and what will his response likely be?
Incredible creatures.  So much we have yet to learn.
&gt;"Thankfully all their wounds have healed beautifully so they have all made a full recovery," they added.

For those curious that may have skimmed the article and missed it.
The secret to finding humans is to walk. Almost any direction works in most places.
This is pretty cool to hear. After all the bullshit we do to elephants they still trust us to some degree?
Maybe that's why OPs mom won't leave me the fuck alone.
That's because they are very intellephant.
Please consider donating to the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust. They do some amazing work. I personally sponsor 2 orphaned elephants and have been to visit them twice. Not only do they rescue orphaned eleys, they run education programs for local children, employ antipoaching/snare teams and operate a mobile vet clinic for injured wildlife. They were the ones who recently helped the lioness whose back leg was torn open (was posted on reddit a few months back). A lot of people wonder how to help with antipoaching (especially as there are so many diffrent programs that claim to help), this program really does. 
I don't know if this makes me sound stoned, but if we could unlock the secrets to communicate with elephants we'd learn incredible things.
That's awesome.
Like if they've been poisoned? 
None have ever found me.
Get a cuter picture and this fact would be great for /r/awwducational
An elephant never forgets to ask for assistance
Some elephants... others know humans as violent killers and will attack without provocation.

http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2005/06/0603_050603_elephants_2.html
Great, so this means that they're probably gonna be able to find us when they think we need help.

"Good morning, you seem to be feeling a little down, do you maybe have a few minutes to talk about our lord and savior Dumbo?"
This is especially amazing because I think it's safe to say most of the injuries/poison also come from humans.

How they can still trust some humans after being injured by other ones is pretty crazy.
That's true. My ex wife always knew how to track me down.
Amazing
And they don't pay taxes either
I see so many videos of animals in trouble coming to humans for help, I can only assume they've evolved this way because it's not like a raccoon goes to a bear to help get a bottle off its face or whatever

in short /r/HumansBeingBros probably goes way, way back
Us? Some of us aren't humans, asshole. 
Pretty soon I'm going to read "TIL elephants have the ability to telepathically communicate with bats." 
Not surprising, elephants are capable of [distinguishing](http://www.nature.com/news/elephants-recognize-the-voices-of-their-enemies-1.14846) between groups of humans.

Elephants are very intelligent. 
SPECIFIC Humans. They knew that the humans at this particular facility were good because they have raised many orphans that are now out in the wild and those orphans teach the other elephants in their new herd about these places. They probably still see OTHER humans as potential threats especially if the herd has had any poacher experience. 
Them ears breh. They can heeeaaar us.
Whales too. A lot of times when a whale beaches itself, it's because it's sick or injured.
Now I want a creepy story of an elephant uprising using their telepathic powers to find and destroy us.
Long life and prosper elephants.
kind of ironic they come to humans for help after it was humans that shot them
elephants are the one animal that made me hate zoos. you can see the pain in their face when you're there. no creature as intelligent and peaceful as them deserves to be locked up.
Elephants must be in a real conflict of minds about us humans, some of us are killing them and others are going above and beyond to help.
"Elephant: Spy in the Herd" is an excellent documentary on Elephants.

Some things to note: 

I. Elephants have culture. While they may not bury their dead, but they do mourn the deaths of loved ones. An Elephant can identify another elephant by its corpse. They have complex mating rituals, and herds have been known to comfort newly mated females, followed by dust bathing.

II. Elephants press their trunks to the ground to sense vibrations, giving them information about their surroundings.


III. Elephants travel along ancestral routes, which have created basic dirt roads, much like early man.


IV. Elephants have some basic language (potentially complex language like ours, we don't know for sure yet). They can communicate at dusk across several kilometers.


V. Elephants' behaviors are almost completely learned and taught, i.e. culture. These behaviors have variety from group to group, and species to species.


VI. Different groups of Elephants have been known to recognize each other and travel together, to separate and then reconverge at a later time.


VII. Elephants bathe in mud to cool off, and bathe in a mineral water/mud that they create to ward off ticks. They use their trunks to loosen minerals from mineral deposits (mining?), and then add the minerals to water.


VIII. Elephants have been known to play extensively, often kicking round objects around, much like humans.

There is a lot more, but those are the main points.


They might have learned it through generations of evolution.
Anecdotal at best, concocted for a donation drive at worst.
What's that Nelly? Timmy's in the well?
"Us"

Good to see you being as helpful as ever.
A nonprofit in need of donations? Reddit, you know what to do. 
Thats so interesting, any TL;DR on how they can tell?
Yeah. I learned that reading 'Tintin'
cool as fuck
I find this fascinating given that our entire civilization is based off of the fact that our ancestors lived off of elephant carcasses for tens of thousands of years. elephants are intelligent, of course, but they have a limited capacity for passing on information. Only recently have some of us become their friends.... It's the temporal limit of non-human intelligence.
elephants know where to raid the crib.
If I ever get woken up in the middle of the night by a poisoned elephant banging on my door, well its just going to be out of luck.
http://gifsec.com/wp-content/uploads/GIF/2014/03/Feels-reaction-gifs.gif?gs=a 
Out of curiosity, why do the refer to the elephants as "Bulls?" 
Elephants are majestic as fuck.
This sounds amazing, but that makes me wonder if the sources credible.
&gt; wounded by poison arrows

What is this, Skyrim?  
I have read of a sea turtle coming to a research center when sick; there is also the well-known video of the crow who patiently sat on fence while a human removed porcupine quills from its face. I have mentioned a duck asking a human for help (by tugging on his pant leg) when her ducklings had fallen under a grating. We must reevaluate the intelligence of all animals.

BTW, I suggest that elephants in the wild make scratches in the dirt as maps to show locations of for example water or even where the humans who can help them are -- how else would they show paths for long treks?
They're also the only other animal to cry years due to emotion. Poor bastards are as sad as I am.  :(
Practicality trumps prejudice: wise mammals.
This made me almost wanna cry.
[deleted]
So if you're lost in deepest darkest Africa, just poison an elephant?
This is a big nothing really. If you cant see why then don't even bother contacting me to respond as I will have already dismissed you as a complete moron. 
theres a special place in hell for the sub human scum that does this.
Can't tell me these folks belong in a zoo.

Psh.
I had no idea that elephants were poisoning each other now.
Of course, Hera was never too hot about the Greek perspective on their Pantheon of Gods.
Well Ill chalk this story up there with the voodoo and othe such news that comes from Kenya.
TIL an elephant would be better at being lost in the mall than me.
Whew, the elephants all goods. Good Job humanity!
We need Ertha Kitt back Whoopi Goldberg as The Matriarch with Morgan Freeman as the wise old elephant Would totally binge that...
I would gladly help our behemoth friends
Am I the only one who thinks arrows wouldn't be the most effective method for taking out an elephant, poison tip or not.

Maybe A ballista. 


"Since you're an elephant and likely don't have any cash to pay those medical bills, we'll accept payment in ivory."
Reminded of this...

https://youtu.be/CHhE6N3XK7w
Your username makes me happy, it's a fabrication.
I'd like to meet an elephant that knew people 
It isn't all that surprising that they can find us given that we're basically everywhere, smell bad, have fires constantly, and put off tons of light pollution, but yeah it's cool they know to come for help.
I thought they do this to separate themselves from the herd, that one time I forgot who I was a fifth generation descendent of Poseidon or something.
This has gotta be like a pilgrimage to the shrike to them, considering the probability that the people whom it reaches just kill it.
Not saying that an elephant wouldn't go to a human if it needs help, but I have a hard time believing that an elephant communicated the location of the sanctuary to another elephant...
Like, it reminds me of Princess Mononoke.
Poacher: this elephant came up to me and said it had multiple extrusions coming out of it. I was merely trying to assist... 
There was a place that kept elephants in a pen consisting of just a low fence that the elephants could easily straddle or break through, but the went in and out only through the gate, by operating the latch with their trunks, and they didn't leave the gate opened or unlatched.
There's a difference between finding us, and happening upon us.
It's cuz we have fingers
and we help by shooting the fuck out of them for teeth. stupid humans.
It's like when a pod of dolphins see a shark trying to eat a human and they bumrush the shark
It walks 150 miles for help and we just gawk at it and take selfies with it and spray paint a brand name on the side of it. 
I swear I read this before and it said dolphins
and yet.... we are hunting them to extinction
NOT ALL ELEPHANTS! stop generalizing elephants.
it's because we smell bad. 
can someone explain why they do this?
Perhaps I missed something, but how was it known that the wild elephant had sired the particular young that had been named in the article?
This is an amazing fact that demonstrates the connection between living things on Earth.
... or the healthy ones have enough sense to avoid us.
Why don't they have poacher hunters? People armed decently and go after poachers
Maybe she doesnt think about it at all and I got such great sleep when I'm smoking?
What is he going to do? Suck the poison out of you? Maybe they're just sadistic fucks who like to see people struggle eh
We had a more symbiotic relationship in the past. Technology has caused their obsolescence. 
On a hike through the Chicago Zoo with his hunting knife, after which the elephant in question had never been to visit them twice.
This article makes me happy, it's a golden shower thought.
On a hike through the bush, he came across a young elephant who has to travel to the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust.
this makes me feel better about our place in the world
And it's fucking sad that they are hunted for ivory. 
...and we just keep on killing 'em.
I hope this story circulates in countries that buy elephant tusks and let them see the humanity in elephants.
Perseus's mother Danae was a kid and didn't want to get out of there.
Them ears breh. They can heeeaaar us.
"Dumbo, WTF are YOU doing here?"

"Bro, I think I've been poisoned and I didn't know who else to track down over a long distance for help."
Manta rays do this too, but not so much for help than to get the occasional huggle.
Bet that's frustrating, like living in a really fuckin long time, but the night before.
It reminded me of the heard First quest is to walk.
I'm not surprised they find it so easy to find us. It's peanuts for them.
Crows can tell bad humans from good humans as well. http://mobile.nytimes.com/2008/08/26/science/26crow.html?referer=&amp;_r=0
This is very true.  One time I helped an elephant, it came up to me and i asked it what do you need. He looked up and said...  "I need about three-fifty."  Well it was about that time that i noticed.....
OK it's not like they have some sort of special ESP human tracking ability here.  Elephants are intelligent creatures for sure but these elephants simply returned to a place they (or their peers with them) had been treated before.  
Racists could learn a lot from elephants. 
Makes it even more upsetting that we're [killing them at a rate of 33,000 a *year*](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/08/140818-elephants-africa-poaching-cites-census/) and they'll [probably be extinct in less than 20 years.](http://time.com/3754637/african-elephants-could-be-extinct-within-20-years-experts-say/)

[Humans are disgusting.](https://shangatanzania.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/poached-elephant.jpeg)
Join me in the middle of the side affects.
Yeah, but humans are the ones that hurt them in the first place.  
I think we should hunt down poachers and harvest their organs !!!
How would the elephant know it's been poisoned?
I two decades this will read: TIL elephants **had** the ability to....


Because they'll be extinct. 
Ok, you didn't learn that. It is not a fact. It's certainly a compelling and interesting hypothesis, but we don't know if elephants seek out humans for help.
 I can't find one decent comment concerning this pictuture and touching title.. Not even aohh orcahh . If this really so funny that  after scrolling aa and down again down I can't find one kind human civilised comment? If the whole of reddit only rotten by sarcasm condescending views treated by cute Pixar scripts or child like bullying fun?  
Having lived in and worked in African ten years and fallen in love with it I feel for the animals b and the support poor still carrying for them..
.Not so much for this community tonight really you guys should be ashamed to make s moquery of such av touching posting.
It just keeps building.  Or.  It just kept building.

FTFY
You know, up until now, I have never questioned why we use 'second' to describe time. 
It's called a minute because it is the minute division of the hour by 60.
I'm glad we don't call minutes 'firsts'.
So a third would be 16.6666...ms. Perfect. Time to piss off my physics professors.
So why aren't days 60 hours? 
Took me a third to realise I'd never thought about this pretty obvious fact. Thanks OP
This is the most profound, impactful and least useful thing I have ever learned.
That's strange, because in French, the word for 2nd is "deuxieme", while the word for second is "seconde".  I wonder why that is?
Thanks for the front page guys. It's about time.

Why split it by 60? Why didn't they choose 50, 100, or some other number?
Your entry made so much sense I didn't believe it at first.
But I read the Wikipedia explanation and believed it at second.
In my entire life, I have literally never questioned why we call them that, or even thought about it at all until right now.
My question is, *how* did we decide on time measurement?     
Who decided to use the amount of time that goes into one second and name it a second?
It is just because both the words "minute" and "second" are derived from the Latin for small and next. The 60 really has nothing to do with the words. We owe the division of the circle into 60 minutes with 60 seconds to the Babylonians who used a sexagesimal (counting in 60s) system for mathematics and astronomy. They derived their number system from the Sumerians who were using it as early as 3500 BC. Our original measurement of time has no connection to the fundamental nature of time. That happened when somebody put a stick in the ground, then put stones at the tip of the shadow during the day. What we call clockwise is the shadow formed by the stick with the Earth turning counter-clockwise. Our original measurement of time is referenced to taking the arc, completing the circle with the night arc, and subdividing into 360 angular section degrees (Sumerian, then Babylonian) and 60 time divisions with 60 smaller time divisions. This was around 3500 BC. The measurement of time is not the independent variable itself and provides no information of the independent variable except it appears to only increase, never decreasing or going negative.
So then why is minute called minute?
"Actually, it's because it lasts for exactly one second!" - Ken M
So I was curious about the origin of minute so I found this on Wikipedia:

&gt; Historically, the word 'minute' comes from the Latin pars minuta prima, meaning "first small part". This division of the hour can be further refined with a "second small part" (Latin: parte minutae secundae) and this is where the word 'second' comes from. For even further refinement, the term 'third' (1⁄60 of a second) remains in some languages, for example Polish (tercja) and Turkish (salise), although most modern usage subdivides seconds by using decimals.

I thought I should share since others might find it interesting as well
wat
Wow, I've been on this planet for over 852,040,000 seconds, and I've never noticed the word "second" (for time) is the number two.
For those that still don't get it: second = 2nd
What about half an hour?
I'm gonna upvote this because it's cool and I didn't know that. 
Would that mean that a third is a second divided by 60?
Out of the 20 something plus years of living, I just realized that second as in "2nd" is the same word as the "time" second.
Why isn't a minute called a 'first' then?
Little-known fact: Minute is called a minute because when the guys were coming up with this, the first one said "Do we stick with 'firsts' for the first division??" And the other guy said "Give me a minute to think about it."

True.
Then shouldn't a minute be called a first?
Thank you captain fucking ovbious
Thank you for clearing up the fact that minute was the first division. 
Why isn't a minute called a first then? Who came up with "minute" and then lost all creativity when it came to seconds and was just like "fuck it, they come second, name them seconds"?
From now on I'm calling minutes "firsts"
It is the second hand on a clock.
We should get rid of hours, minutes and seconds. There would be decidays (1/10 of a day), centidays (1/100 of a day, i.e. 10 decidays), millidays (1/1000 of a day, i.e. 10 decidays), etc. At the same time, get rid of time zones so Greenwich's midnight is hour zero everywhere.
so gravity should be expressed as 32ft/2nd²? which is 3 &amp; three twos, which is 3 (2³) which is 3(8) which is 24, which is the # of hours in a day, of which we have the second division by 60, which gives 9/11. 
Anyone else here figure this out on their own?  It's rather obvious, isn't it?
So why isn't a minute called a first?
Why is it I posted this like a month ago and I got 30 upvotes...
why is a minute called a minute 
It seems like the hour is the first division, the minute is the second, and the second is really the third.
Idk why but I've literally never thought about the two meanings of the word "second" until I saw this post. For some reason, second as in after first and second as in a unit of time always stayed separate in my mind, I never even consciously realized it was one word with two meanings...
I completely forgot that second was said the same with as 2nd, and English is my first language.
I think that is the TIL that I'm an idiot for never realizing the word second is a minute called a minute because it is the second, and the second is a hobby of mine too.
HAFF

In Hungarian, we call minutes "perc(ek)". A perc is a division of a full circle, or an hour in this case.

Seconds are "másodperc(ek)", literally meaning "Secondary minute".
This is also true of the way in which degrees are divided. A 60th of a 60th of a degree is a second and a 60th of a degree is a minute.
Thank the Babylonians. Their numbers were base 60. They are also why the circle has 360 degrees, because it's perfectly divisible with their number system.
This is the most mind-blowing "it makes so much sense I can't believe I never realized" TIL I've read. Neat!
In other languages, do they use the same word? Is a second referring to time the same word for "between first and third"?
There used to be thirds as well; in fact, Roger Bacon's 13th-century schedule of full moons gave their times down to the fourth (1/3600 of a second!).  But in general such units were rarely used; by the time we had accurate enough clocks for them to be meaningful, they'd been supplanted by decimal divisions of the second.
so it would stand to reason that a "third" is, in fact, a millisecond
But why do we call an hour an... 'hour?'
How can it be defined at 0 Kelvin when it's impossible to reach absolute zero?
https://youtu.be/0QVPUIRGthI Fantastic Dave Allen stand-up bit about teaching kids time and its meaning.
I have a friend who used to call the minute hand "the 2nd hand" - the hour hand being the "first". Which is just asking for trouble
Hour- the real OP
TIL Second and 2nd is the same word... 
Never even thought about it before
"Would you like some more food?"

"A second, please."

"Here you go."

"No, I meant give me a moment to respond. Damn it, I didn't want another helping of your bland mashed potatoes!"
The minute long mystery has been solved
Oh, that makes sense.
Take this to /r/etymology as well
Because of this I just realized that it's true in Arabic too.

ثانية is a second, "thaniya", which is also the word for the second of any female objects or nouns.
In Czech we call it sekunda. Kunda is vulgar expression for vagina. Now where's the sense in that?
[Yeah. Totally makes sense, guys.](http://imgur.com/CFZcS5i)
I remember having to explain to someone why a quarter after wasn't 25 minutes. That was something that always annoyed them. They never looked at it as a fraction.
I like it!
How neat is that.
If I don't scroll down and find an explanation for why a minute isn't called a "first", I'll be disappointed. 
My mind must be having a nice evening because it just got throughly blown.
Minute = first minute derivation of hour
Second = second minute derivation of hour
 "Sloppy seconds" was derived in the same fashion.
Never understood why americans haven't got some completely different name and time definitions, Freedom minutes and Freedom Hours 
Why isn't a minute called a first? 
So why aren't minutes called "firsts?"
For the people who love stuff like this and how new words are formed / given their meaning the Japanese and Chinese language with its characters has tons of stuff like that, its actually quite fascinating once you notice.

Examples:
新聞 means news paper. 新 new 聞 hear ,listen so it breaks down to hearing something new.


お手洗い which means toilet / washroom literally breaks down to "hand washing" 


Every time I notice things like this I have a little miracle moment
Oh man, now I'm only going to be able to think of the number 2 every time someone says "This will only take a second" "A second what?". 
But why use minute and not first?
So then why is a minute not called a first?
In some languages second is not second.
I feel weird now because apparently, judging from the number of people amazed by these words, I spend way too much time wondering where words come from and have figured most of it out.
Why do we call it a minute and an hour?
I just assumed second was connected to the root sex- meaning 6 (so 60 seconds).
[Scruffy](http://i.imgur.com/0J9B644.gif) called it.
I learned this in history of math in college. A minute is a minute division, or the "parte minutiae primae" of a circle. A second is the second division, or the "parte minutia secondae."

Edit: also, it isn't limited to time. Back before trig, angles and measures of arc lengths were calculated by geometry in sexagesimal notation. A circle was 360 degrees, with each degree being divided into minutes and seconds, which is why, to this day, latitude and longitude is often measured in DMS (degree minute second) format.
Such a trash number; why not 100. Fuck sakes.
Then why isnt a minute actually called a first insted?
It is obvious in greek where the second is called by it's full name δευτερόλεπτον της ώρας (secondminute of the hour).
"Minute" meaning small (λεπτόν)
So why isn't a minute called a first?
So is a "third" 1/60th of a second?  Why isn't a minute named a first then?
so why arent minutes called firsts?
my wife just said: "then why isn't a minute just called first?"
And why is a minute a minute?
Then why isn't a minute called a first?
Thank you for posting this, I was pondering that very question recently...
Imagine if we'd call a minute a first.
So why not call a minute a first instead?
So why is a minute called a minute then?
yeah yeah, give me a first
Also, similarly, world location coefficients (longitude and latitude) are split into minutes and seconds.
Why is a minute not called a first? 
Second

Firstond

Something's not right here.
Why divide by 60? 100 seems like a nicer number....
Wowwwwwwwww
Thanks for the front page guys. It's about time.

Mind blown.

I don't know what to do with myself now. 

I am just sitting here stunned.
Misleading title: we call them seconds and minutes because that is the amount of time that it takes for the sun to move 1 second or 1 minute of a rotational degree through the sky.

Does anybody know where the hour came from? Please enlighten me.
&gt;minute

You mean a first?
When dueling each person has a second. If you miss the intended victim shouldn't you get a second shot?
Mind blown.
I posted this same exact thing last year. :(
If a second is called a second then why isn't minute not called first?
So why aren't days 60 hours? 
Minutes in Greek is "lepta" and if i were to translate that directly, it would be "thin things". Seconds which is "defterolepta" in Greek litterally translate to "second thin things".
Also, a minute is a "minute" ("my-newt") portion of an hour.
So why don't we call EVERY subordinate measure of time a "Second" since it is the first division? 
Mind blown
Did you know that degrees are divided up by hours, minutes, and seconds? I had a machining job where we had to grind precise angles down to minute and second tolerances.
Then shouldn't a minute be called a first?
why isn't a minute called a "first"?
So why aren't minutes called "Firsts"?... hmmm
Why isn't a minute called a first then?
Por que no los dos?
why 60?
I realize that this probably won't be read, but a second is the Half-Life of a Cessium 133 atom.
after all, before clocks came around, people didn't really care about seconds at all.
So by that understanding....shouldn't a minute be called a "first"?
So why isn't minute first?
But why do we use minute?
So why is a minute called a minute?
In the big picture a second is so minute.
I'm calling minutes firsts then.
Wouldn't a minute be called a first? 
**Minute:** first!

**Second:** firs- aw...
Mind blown
*satisfied sigh*
Til words are words for a reason 
So... Why isn't a minute called a first?
Greek language gives a great explanation:

Minute = λεπτό

Second = δευτερόλεπτο [like secondminute]

gimme a first *ba dum tiss*

One of the better Til
I call bs. Why wouldn't we call a minute a first?
So, a centimeter is a second of meter?
Why did someone decide that 60 is the number to divide the clock by? Why not 100?
Gotta let that stew stew a little longer Stuart!
So why isn't a minute a "first"?

Why dont we call a minute a first then?
Somebody break down this math for me. ELI5
[8]
I second this.
Now I'm wondering why we don't call minutes "firsts".
But now I'm stuck wondering where we got "hour" from, and why we chose to have 24 of them in a day and not 25, or 30, or any other number.
I was thrown way off at first. I always assumed that they invented measurements of time all at once So I thought they came up with second and then minutes and then hours.
I thought it had something to do with the circumference of a circle. There are minutes and seconds there too. 
!!! When i post a shower thoughts about this literaly the day before and learn this very fun fact but dont post it in TIL!

TIL i am bad luck brian.
I had to think about that for a couple firsts.
So the question here is why didn't we use "first" to refer to the "minute"?
Ive tried to explain this to three of my friends today and they all just looked at me funny.
Each moment of Now is such a precious gift that our general term for it is "the present".
Big fucking deal 
Holy shit, I just realized that second and second are the same word!
Why split it by 60? Why didn't they choose 50, 100, or some other number?
Then why don't we call minutes "ones"
Cool....So, now I'm just dying to know why they picked 60...why not 10? or 100?
And now I am thinking up new words like "tri-second".  Damn you Til
it s 11 , 31 firsts, 23 seconds , 44 thirds here
So... why isn't minute called a first?
So... where does the word minute come from smarty pants?
I was just wondering this a few days ago.

Matrix confirmed.
I see you also got a notification from the 1SE app. I literally got this factoid from the app a minute before seeing this on reddit.
Why isn't minute called first?
Then why don't we call a minute a 'First'
Why didn't they use base 10 for time?
Nice...
In portuguese subtitles are called "legendas"... Probably because of the same reason.
Additionally, it didn't gain it's meaning of "something that's probably not true but might be" until the 1600s, when Christians described the old "legendary" tales of pagan heroes and saints that weren't officially canonised as being fictional. In fact, in the original sense, "legend" was synonymous with "chronicle", because it meant something that detailed events accurately. 
[deleted]
Cool. This is one of the best TIL's I've read. NOt sure I'd go so far as to call it legendary, but maybe some day saveworthy will enter the vernacular? 
[deleted]
The same holds true for many other words that contain "-and" or "-end". In Latin those endings marked the [gerundive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerundive), which basically meant "to be x-ed".

agenda: things to be done

Amanda: woman to be loved

dividend: something to be divided

memorandum: something to be remembered

reverend: person to be revered

"Carthago delenda est": "Carthage to-be-destroyed is"
Pliny the younger talking about his uncle:
&gt; Equidem beatos puto, quibus deorum munere datum est aut facere scribenda aut scribere **legenda**, beatissimos vero quibus utrumque.

"Indeed, I think those men are blessed to whom it is granted by gift of the gods either to do things that must be written or to write things that must be read; truly the most blessed are those to whom both are granted."
This is why there is an important difference between legends and myths.
Legends, on a map, are the thing that tell you how to read the legend to make sense of the best TIL's I've read.
That's Legan-...
This actually makes sense in modern colloquial terms as well. 
When someone says something is "legendary" it makes more sense to think of it at something highly noteworthy, instead of comparing it to the stories of hercules or beowulf.
In other words, TIL how to interpret the basic meaning of a word.
Y'all need some basic Latin. Trust me. 
TIL "I am Legend" means that person is worth of being read
Would it then have the same origin as "legible?"
Become legendary 
It's current meaning isn't that different
Since the only other comment I saw mentioning this sort of devolves into nonsense at the end... I just wanted to mention that this definition survives to the modern day in the sense of a "legend" on a map.
Today all you have to do is win a few Hearthstone games to become Legendary.  Times have changed.
Barney Stinson would be proud.
If legendary was something worthy of being written down and read. They'd think we are sorry losers when they see us taking pictures of our food. 
TIL? Maps have legends that are usually crucial to be read to understand any markings. 
Aren't people still learning this is school? I remember having a "legend" and a "key" reading graphs
Or...refer to the map "legend."
TIL? Maps have legends that are usually crucial to be read to understand any markings. 
Is this related to map "Legends"?
As in "recorded on a ledger." Damn. I can't believe I never saw that before. Neat little etymological bit there!
Posting a legendary reply to a legendary TIL
A man might be thought wealthy if someone were to draw the story of his deeds that they may be remembered.
Huh. And here I thought legend referred to the foot.
In Spanish the word *leer* means "to read" and *leyendo* means "reading". Then I came across the word *leyenda* and thought it had to do with reading but it actually means "legend". IT ALL MAKES SENSE NOW.
So in the past, "legendary" had the meaning "noteworthy" does today.  I guess we still needed that word, but since legendary had a new meaning, we decided to make a new one to fill the void.  I suppose that's also why the thing on a map or a graph that describes what the lines mean is called a "legend." 
Doesn't it still mean that in certain context? Like the "Legend" of a map is things to be read to help understand the map?
Ever checked out a legend of a map? I bet you have.
That's why before XVIth century Reddit was called Legenddit.
Why did y'all think that a map's label was called a legend?
Interenting that now it's the complete opposite. Facebook: vast amounts of writing the almost no one gives a shit about.
And now that reading and writing are virtually universal, we need a new word for something the opposite of legendary, like "Twitterish".  
So Legend the movie is kind of ironic, huh? Should have been a book...
That's a pretty legit piece of knowledge, something you would think only with a large lexicon knows. Maybe somebody with with a legal background tell us where and if this etymology in relation to writing is legitimate.
Wait, we also have legends on maps, tables, charts and diagrams. Those legends are not mythical story. 
Huh, makes sense. 'Legens' means read, right? 
&gt; In the new millenium reading and writing were very rare, and so anything worthy of being written down was something very noteworthy, and thus "legendary"; worthy of being written down and read. 
I'm not seeing the assertion about the etymology in the wikipedia entry or in the etymonline entry. Do you want to give another source for the connection?
They probably put it in a ledger. 
So the only Legendary tv shows and movies are the ones that have subtitles on???
 
makes me wonder how many events were not considered worth writing down..and thus we have no knowledge of
Like OPs mom...I will see myself out
It still has that meaning when it comes to describing how to read something (like a map).
haha.  I can't read anyways.  haha.
Isn't that what it means today?  I mean, if you are famous or celebrated, you are worthy of being written down and read.  Back then, how else could you be famous? There was no internet or television.

remarkable enough to be famous; very well known.
"her wisdom in matters of childbirth was legendary"
synonyms:	famous, celebrated, famed, renowned, acclaimed, illustrious, esteemed, honored, exalted, venerable, well known, storied, popular, prominent, distinguished, great, eminent, preeminent, high-profile; formallauded
"a legendary figure in sports"

This post is legendary bro 
Now its if they make a movie about you, your lengendary.
So the meaning of the word is actually intact with regards to the legend of a map. It's what must be read to make sense of the maps symbols. I love etymology. 
Bet you can't guess what a ledger is.
Yeah, it really sucks that their just being handed out to players now too.
lampard was a worthy Man City player?
It doesn't have the same sound to it
I remember when Legendary used to mean an item that made me better than everyone else in World of Warcraft. Now it just means I did a long quest chain. 

The word continues to devalue over time, just like the money in my wallet. 
Oh cool so thats why its called Legenda here im dutch if anyone wondered
Don't think they took the meaning seriously. They wrote down a whole lot of bullshit. A lot. 
Am I the only one that first assumes "legend" means like a map legend? Or basically a list of things to be read in order to understand something? 
Interestingly in Italian, "leggendo" means "reading". Sto leggendo = I'm reading.
So Legend the movie is kind of ironic, huh? Should have been a book...
TIL every blog is apparently "legendary"
These are the TIL that I live for 
Ahh from the base legere.
Subtitles in Portuguese are called "legendas".
Guess I know why now!
You, poet.

Be sure to write this down.
That also explains why massive stories are sometimes called "epics"
There's nothing like a good quality TIL. Thanks!
interesting...
Somehow I never made the connection between "legend" and "ledger."
in italian leggere means to read and this is the root after latin.
I guess that explains 'legibile'
So the opposite of "your average reddit comment" (such as this one) is "legend". Got it.
legennnddddd
&gt; Legend, for its active and passive participants includes no happenings that are outside the realm of "possibility" but which may include miracles.   

Wat?
epic til.
Most English words that have an "nd" towards the end are derived from the Latin gerund/gerundive, and therefore have an obligatory force.

Amanda = One should should be loved. 
Propaganda = stuff that should be spread.  
Agenda = Stuff that should get done.

The list goes on and on

can confirm
TIL: My 1 point comments are almost legendary.
Legendary Raider approves this TIL.
Interestingly enough, subtitles in Portuguese and Spanish are called "legendas"
Also, when used to describe John Terry, it just means 'cunt'
Honestly, I like this use better. Being worthy of being remembered on paper sounds more badass.
Hopefully this comment is legendary. 
Something to ....wait for it ...... read - Barney Stinson Circa 2013
I like to think "mystery" is like a broken story.
I am really disappointed at the missed opportunity for Barney Stinson-izing of this title.
I always assumed it was an ancient word for a foot.
Is the word ledger also tied to this?
Huh. What did "wait for it" originally mean?
"Pillage a village today. I'm a poet and I didn't even know it!: Legendary"
So showerthoughts is legendary?
But did they wait for it?
[Wait for it!!!](http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m57ius5bf61ru8bmpo1_500.gif)
So does that make the shepard's pie I just ate legendary?  I *am* writing about it right now.

Also was there a similar word for something that was worthy of making a picture of?  Cuz I did that with the pie too.
The word 'legendary' is just used too much these days and has gotten watered down.  Sports stars are legendary.  Some media folks have been described as legendary.  But there is one I saw that will always take the cake.

I was in Bath &amp; Body Works with my wife a few years ago and there was a big sign up selling candles with new scents by 'legendary fragrance expert Harry Slatkin'.  Yes, a fragrance expert who is LEGENDARY.  They will sing songs about him hundreds of years from now.  He is the Beowulf of fragrance.
That's remarkable.
Right now my butt itches a bit... legendary?  
That makes sense because a word Epic used to mean "heroic adventure" in a poem a perfect example of this is Iliad. 
Zzzzzzzz and you wonder why you don't get invited to parties, OP!
So my comment is Legen... wait for it...
Makes sense, that would also explain the root of the word 'ledger' 
...as legend would have it
Subtitles in Portuguese are still called "Legendas". 
In Portuguese, the subtitles you would read in a foreign film are called a *legenda*. 
Barney Stinson...
hence legibility, no?
More broadly, the "end" component is a Latin root for "should be, or must be, done".
Addend: Something to be added
Agenda: Things to be acted on
Amanda: someone to be loved
Carthago delenda est: Carthage must be destroyed
Draco dormiens non titillandum est: Never tickle a sleeping dragon
This post is legendary
Legendary post, OP.
Well, I'm speechless.

Interesting too, Egyptian Hieroglyphics were "the words of the Gods" Basically only used for some important sheeeet. They had another system of writing called hieratic which was for common everyday sheeeet. In my opinion and observation written word has only been very recently a thing widely used by citizens, but take a look at the writing on the constitution, the handwriting is so impeccable and beautiful, it's quite amazing. A point one could make is that what is important or "legendary" in a society is drowned by all the rest of our shit these days and emphasis seems to have become synonymous with loudness.
And in portuguese it means "subtitles".
It is my understanding the that the phrase "worth writing home about" would thus be somewhat construed as a legendary thing?
I guess that makes sense, "to read" in Italian is legere so the root is there.
So in the Middle Ages, Reddit was called legendary?
Cmd+F "wait for it"

You guys never fail!
In my slavic language, the word "legenda" actually means like little notes or additional writing that is somewhere in order to help you understand maps, plans, books etc...
Interestingly, it's an oxymoron if someone happens to use the phrase, "an oral legend."
Legend wait for it
It was *Legen*...wait for it....*dairy*, Doh!
"Ted! Ted, write this down..."
Legen — wait for it... — dary
I should change my name
Like that [4.000 year old costumer service complaint](http://www.ancient-origins.net/artifacts-ancient-writings/4000-year-old-ancient-babylonian-tablet-oldest-complaint-020313)?
So I can say that the sick bean-sprout salad recipe that I just found is legendary?
Like and share if you agree
So Barney Stinson was right.  He used it very liberally but when he's saying he wants a legendary night he just wants it to be worth writing down.
In germany the explanation of symbols on a map is also called "Legende" (german for legend).
Nice... Iv always wondered why at the beginning of many books there's a chapter just called "legend".
LHI

Legend Has It.
From Latin *legere*, "to read" (specifically, *legendus*, "deserving of being read", same verb form as the *delenda* in *Carthago delenda est*.).  See also "lecture", "lecturn", "lesson", etc.
WHICH IS WHY MAPS HAVE LEGENDS THIS MAKES SO MUCH FUCKING SENSE HOLY SHIT
And you now write in ledgers. 
Another way to say it is "suitable to be written in the ledger". Or legendary. 
I always thought it meant that, but I've always been told I was wrong. That's how I've always used the word though.
Well yeah.. The prefix ledge. Like ledger, something written down to be read later.
"the author is dead"
That explains why the side bar on maps are called "legends".
Ironic its being posted on reddit. 
And now we have fanfiction. How things have changed.
Legen--for it--dary!  Legendary!
legenddit.
Seems like "noteworthy" is a similar construction. So it's like a circular definition. Legendary used to mean noteworthy! 
Only 18 wait for its on this page of comments. 19 including mine. Less than I expected, but more than I had feared. 
At last all those 'Legends' on the edge of the DnD map make sense.
Carthago legenda est. 
Ooh I really like that. Do you think that's legendary? Yes, certainly legendary.
similarly chaos referred to order
In Spanish, the part of the map that contains the explanations for every symbol is still called "legend".
So what about the legend on a map?
It is derived from Latin: legendus, neuter plural gerundive of legere "to read, gather, select"
So, "legends" were the original READMEs. Funny, READMEs tend to be filled with the most boring stuff these days.
Leggere - To read (in Italian). 
Ohh
500 comments about the word legendary and only a few Barny Stinson quotes??? WTF reddit
Edgar Allan Poe uses it in its original sense in Ulalume: "what is written, sweet sister, on the door of this legended tomb?". But he was pretty archaic, even for the 19th century.
It comes from the Latin "legenda", which means "which needs to be read"
My farts stink.
It still does. A legend is that thing at the bottom of a map that tells you what all the symbols mean.
Is this also why maps have a legend?
This is why maps have Legends.  You know.  Like the map of Middle Earth has the Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings.  And that map of Westeros has the Song of Ice and Fire.  
Everyone thinks of it as you calling them stupid. can confirm. in 3rd grade, Bugs Bunny cartoon, Bugs used it ironically so much that the meaning completely flipped.
I assume a legend of a word.
Makes sense if you think about the word "legible", which means able to be read.
It used to be handled at a moot.
This is why the Star Wars EU is now called legends, since it only applies to the books
In spanish "legend" is "leyenda". "To read" is "leer", it comes from latin "legere", that we pronounce as "leyere". To say "I'm reading" we say "estoy leyendo", which would be sort of "I'm legending".
The word fabulous comes from the Latin fabula which means story. Something is fabulous if it's worth telling people about. 
Maps have legends that are usually crucial to be handled at a moot.
mind blown. 
So barney uses it perfectly 
Which part of the wiki text states/implies that the word "legend" refers to "anything worthy of being written down"?

I am having trouble looking for the part of the text that suggests what you said in the title. (Maybe I'm reading too quickly) Most of the article is just saying that the word refers to events that are "fictitious" or "undocumented".
Legend... Wait for it
Huh. That actually makes sense. You should make sure your legend is written down legibly. 
"Legendus", the Latin word most closely related to our present-day "legend", is the ~~neuter plural~~ gerundive form of "legō, legere", which means to "to read, originally to gather, collect, pick out, choose", coming from the Proto-Indo-European *leg-. 
Interestingly, this is where we get "election" from.

Edit: thanks rtdastd!

^English ^doesn't ^really ^have ^a ^gerundive ^form... ^In ^Latin, ^it's ^the ^future ^passive ^participle. ^The ^closest ^we ^get ^is ^"something ^really ^should ^be ^_______", ^denoting ^that ^it's ^both ^necessary ^and ^deserving ^of ^action.
Yeah I don't get how any moderately literate person doesn't know this. It still has this double meaning..
And it still is! 

Because if you think about it everything written in the internet is legen.. Wait for it... dary.

True story. 

I guess that's why Barney has his blog.
Legen..*wait for it*..DARY
Ah, I love etymology.  Is legend perhaps related to the German word "lesen", to read?
So technically speaking calling someone a legend isn't correct am I right? Because it would imply that they are roll of paper?
And yet you get people complaining that words, like legendary actually, are losing their meaning because people are overusing them, or using them wrongly. Language evolves.  
So does it have similar roots to the word "ledger"?
Probably one of my favorite TIL's... Thanks for sharing! Never knew this before...
How remarkable. Notably so. 
so your telling me this sentence I am writing right now is legendary? 
When we say that the word "legend" originally meant "things to be read". In the pre-Medieval period, reading and writing were very rare, and so anything worthy of being written down was something very noteworthy, and thus "legendary"; worthy of being written down and read it could also be said that if something wasn't legendary or "Legend" it wasn't worth reading about in Pre-Medieval period legends "Ledger, Legend" hence not noted or 'Ledgered' aka Legendary so not worth reading or to be read as it wasn't in a "legend" hence not a "thing" to be read. 


That's why some words have an "archaic" definition; some words meanings change over time. And that's fine, we should change language to best express our thoughts even if it breaks tradition.
And they're fucking expensive as shit if you you lose one and have to go buy another. Contrary to popular belief, Satan doesn't work in hell, he works at CIF

Edit: Wow, I really didn't expect this to blow up. I see most of you share my hatred and malice for CIF. 
To clarify it's not the picture shown in the thumbnail it's a subdued black and gray. 
They arent infrared. They reflect infrared and they only look like they illuminate when there is an IR source. Just looking at them under night vision wont do anything. The IR illuminator needs to be on.

Heres a link on the difference between night vision and thermal imaging. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAvnMYqj2c0 
When I did my first night mission in afghanistan, shit was amazing. With out the nvgs it was pitch black, but with them on every Marine was lit up like a christmas tree (our patches are not as awesome as the Army's because, you know Marine Corps), the osprey we came in on was bright as fuck, and there was a a massive IR lightbeam being pointed to our destination. It was like I had  GUI that told me where everything was.
You can also see all the satellites, the iss, comets too faint to see, nebulas, meteors too faint to see with the naked eye and literally a trillion stars. 

I used to love guard duty, especially in ~~death valley~~ Ft Irwin, CA where the night sky is so clear.

The sky above Earth is crazy busy

edit:i'll see if I can post some pics

weather is shitty but here are mine and here is [a pic of a toolbox in complete pitch blackness.](http://imgur.com/a/sIuO3/) its hard to get a pic through the eyepiece with a cell phone.
Now ISIS is going to put rectangular infrared patches on all of their black sweatshirts. Nice job OP... 
Would this backfire if the enemy just uses infrared goggles to shoot at anyone with glowing squares on them? 
A TIL not from Wikipedia? What a surprise!
Doesn't that mean they can be spotted by the enemy too?
Or maybe they just said that so when ISIS reads this on Reddit they all try and buy infrared USA Flag patches. And then we can be like 

*"what do you need that for?"*

and they're like *"uh, I just thought that would be a cool idea, ya know? so like at night I could.."* 

And we're like *"oh, I thought you were ISIS for a second!"*

But in reality they are ISIS they were just not being totally upfront with us when we confronted them about it. 

You never know these days..
Why are they backwards? 
When worn on deployment, Daesh flag patches on uniforms are infrared so they can attract the greatest number of goats. 
I'm a bit confused by this thread, because as far as I know (most) night vision goggles are only amplifying available light with a small electron tube.  
This type of image intensifiers don't use active light sources as this would be a great way to get yourself killed by giving away your location to someone using a passive device.  
How would an IR-reflective patch be in any way be helpful for this type of night-vision equipment?
Great source
&gt;The final IR patch carries a very important purpose. That is the blood type IR patch. As its name denotes, the blood type IR patch tells medics the specific blood type of a fallen soldier during the dark. As one of the most critical military uniform patches in the field, the blood type IR patch holds great importance to provide adequate medical attention accordingly. 

This is interesting from another site. 

Edit: [Link](http://www.armymilitaryblog.com/2013/10/infrared-ir-patches-military-uniforms.html) as some are saying this does not occur.


Nice try ISIS I won't give you my OPSEC.
Well way to blow that one OP! Jesus fucking christ opsec... 
They should put those on hospital roofs.
For service member's that aren't authorized to wear American flag on their uniforms (Marines) this comes in the form of glint tape or glint patch. Primarily used as a friendly identifier to close air support helicopters. We don't like simply relying on one form however and additional mark with [infrared strobe lights](http://i.imgur.com/59rftUa.jpg) to easily distinguish the front of the column to the back. 

Second previously unknown fact about the flag patch is that it looks as if it is mirrored from what someone normally sees in a flag pole to represent going in the direction of battle. Imagine holding a flag, on a pole, in your hands and running. A better explanation can be found here at [http://www.marlowwhite.com/faq/f-why-is-the-flag-patch-reversed.html](http://www.marlowwhite.com/faq/f-why-is-the-flag-patch-reversed.html)

Lastly the image used to represent the American flag patch is incorrect for the reflective material needed to be noted through Night vision devices, also known as the subdued patch.  A better representation can be identified [here.](http://i.imgur.com/dACJVMw.jpg)
GR1 is the shit.
By the way GORUCK is a pretty kick ass company with great gear, hard as fuck events, and their own subreddit.
I'm not sure I buy the story in the article about the patch having "been there and done that" in Afghanistan, since a camo and black version of the flag is used on deployments (for obvious reasons)
There's ~960nm IR LED flood light on the NV goggles that illuminates the surroundings.  True military camo apparel and gear retains its camo pattern when illuminated with this LED, GI Joe 'camo' stuff usually does not, and often fully reflects and looks very bright and easy to pick out.
And Cammies contain a chemical to propel bugs.
TIL military secrets aren't secret because of the internet
MFW
Topic about the US patch being IR
Uses photo of the non-IR patch
have the flag I wore through deployment with me in my car, dunno why I just do. makes me feel good. former 21b  (now 12b). dunno if it's cause my truck never got hit or I was just too lazy back in the day. 
How exactly can a patch *"be infrared"* ...?
Now ISIS knows. Way to go buddy.
And they are mirrored, because it's how the us flag is when you run with it in your hands.
Don't enemy forces have night vision goggles too?
Infrared-**reflective**

The patch is designed to reflect infrared optics (think Apache, Abrams, Bradleys, UAVs).   Most NVGs only have a very low power infrared spotlight for your immediate personal space.  The real NVG action intensifies already existing light - stars/moon.

The patches don't shine in normal night vision stuff.  But it helps the Apache pilots not to smokecheck friendly ground troops. 
thanks for telling ISIS, dick.
I still have [mine](http://i.imgur.com/P90meoe.jpg) after two tours, one Afghanistan and one Iraq.
TIL that the flag is backwards on military uniforms so that it "gives the effect of the flag flying in the breeze as the wearer moves forward."
http://www.usflag.org/flagpatch.html
There's also infrared patches on the shoulders of uniforms and on top of helmets so that aircraft can see them when overheard
Military people use more acronyms than a World of Warcraft trade chat.
Don't forget about the PT belts!  Thats how you know who the good guys are!
That colored flag as the picture for the link is not the infrared flag that is worn, just for knowledge. The IR (infrared) flag is black and white striped. 
Bad guys probably horde those like loot.
Young ISIS terrorist with a smart phone - "Hey guys, you'll never guess what I learned today!"
Did y'all know it's facing the way it is to make it seem like it's blowing against the wind? At least that's what my chiefs told me
When worn on the right arm, the flag is mirrored so that the stars are at the highest point
all these photos and not one of what it looks like through an IR scope
Or your American-Canadian LZ controller jacks yours as he's leaving country and your RSM charges you for not being in full uniform....ahhh good times!
The article incorrectly states that the patches are "infrared." They are, in fact, reflective of infrared and low level light that cannot be perceived by normal unaided human vision. When viewed through night vision goggles, they shine brightly. 
I bought one for like $5 on deployment lol. Easy to come by
this makes me question the pat tilman thing even more. 
Thanks, we didn't know.

Love,

ISIS
This is no longer true. The uniforms now have built in infrared reflectors that can be used to identify friendly forces and minimize friendly fire. Things get hairy when sites like reddit post this information and the insurgents start buying similar technology (which isn't *that* expensive). Helicopters start seeing infrared markers on both sides of a firefight and get confused... So.. Thanks for screwing us reddit..

Edit: despite what this source claims, i'm skeptical that flags wear ever used as infrared devices. My understanding is it's always been sewn cheaply into certain parts of the uniforms.
[deleted]
Also they can wear patches on their hats that are infrared so that if there is an airstrike they will be visible as allies and not enemies.
Great.  Now you told the enemy, and they know all the dudes wearing glowing American flag patches are U.S. troops.  :(
They are also infrared because bright red/white/blue doesn't make for good camo.
I always wondered this.  Why are the flags backwards on the uniforms?

Doesn't this also help enemies i.d. them at night?
The [IR flag](http://news.goruck.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/GR-FLAG.jpg) design looks like a ripoff of US Airways.
Hey /u/javaforever, you guys made it.
Same technology \ idea is used by ERT \ SWAT units for police departments (though usually not flags, but glit patches on their gear or hats). I have a bag of them that go on my hats if needed.


Wouldn't this make you more visible to the enemy?  I assume night vision googles are not that hard to find.
Didn5 years and I never knew that..
Shhhhhhhhh!!!!!
Mean while "fuck the armored Humvees and weapons, that shit is expendable"


Yeah, they don't even really show up under IR too well.
The patches don't actually glow in IR, they reflect higher in the near-infrared compared to non-IR reflective treated ones. 

When light hits then they show up as brighter spots in NVG's  compared to the rest of the uniform.

Source: I've examined and made spectral response diagrams on both non-IR and IR patches

Also you can get them for about [$12.](http://uspatriottactical.com/ir-tools-infrared-subdued-and-full-color-us-flag-patch/)

This reminds me of a BBC cover story picture yesterday, one of the French soldiers was wearing a U.S. flag patch on his pack.
well thats pretty genius 
They aren't infrared. What do they have a battery pack they hook up to?
Might be a dumb question but why is the American flag "backwards" on uniforms?
[The top right](http://i303.photobucket.com/albums/nn156/PaulyB75/Canadianpatches.jpg) is one that is worn by the Canadian Military. Some US troops that worked directly in conjunction with the Canadian troops wore them as well.
They work really well, too. A damn sight better than [these](http://imgur.com/sI9ZbbK) little black things that are supposed to serve the same purpose
/r/Russia /r/china get over here.
Guys, we hugged it to death....
sometimes.  that flag shown here isn't really IR but we get them, it's all velcro so it's swappable.
theres ir tabs under where the flag goes anyway. but not everyone thats deployed wears the ir flag. its more of a combat deployment thing..
When I was at Campbell my units OCIE issued me a mich, then when I went to clear the unit to goto another unit on base, they told me I had to take the helmet with me to my new unit. I got to my new unit and got issued another helmet. When it came time to ETS, CIF only had me down for one mich helmet on my hand receipt. The result??? I've got a spray painted much, with rhino mount, and a camoflauge cover sitting on my bookshelf here at fort couch.
Pretty clever, it's the same with other countries, sometimes it's certain colors it reflects light from.
Well, IR so they can be seen by helicopters 
I know this sounds stupid but why are the American flags "backwards" or reversed on military uniforms? I've always wondered.
Visited a fellow sign maker recently that was printing these using a proprietary blend of solvent ink transparent under IR. Wish he had shared the secret :] Couldn't be too terribly hard to recreate if I put my mind to it I suppose. 
cuz ya know, well be fighting people who cant afford that shit
Y'know, the greatest thing about this is that friendly fire still happens. Not only do we wear these, but various other IR flashes and markers. 

But in my Afghanistan deployment, we had a Ranger patrol shoot up our local MP patrol during the night with TWO SAWs. Thankfully the only shot that connected was blocked by the armor plates, but damn...almost lost someone to something so stupid.
So are the canadian and they are just one color
I've still got all sorts of IR "glint tape" stuff!
http://m.imgur.com/e41nFqX
I wonder how the patch knows if its on deployment or not?
That's so sick.
Underneath the IR flag? Another IR square. 
Not that flag. It is a different one.
The Navy cammies turn orange when they contact sea water, in case you fall overboard. It's science. 
What if their enemies have night vision... ?
They aren't infrared. They reflect infrared, and you usually have a few different infrared patches throughout the uniform.
False.  Only some are.
Great source
and the flag is backwards because we never retreat

Doesn't it also mean they shine as a crystal to the enemy units who also are looking through night vision goggles?
Why are the patches backward when soldiers wear them?
Fuck. Looks like I missed out on army shitposting. 
Hmm I don't remember seeing ours light up when we did night missions.  We just wore a band on our helmets that reacted when using NVGs.
Canada has used this technology in their uniforms for years. 
i feel like I learned so much by just reading all the comments. they should teach reddit in school. I could write essays with the knowledge available here. 
I miss wearing my IR Flag during deployment.
Going through this currently. Tried to turn in my kevlar (helmet). They say they can't take it because it's the old model kevlar. It's the only one I've ever had, and the one issued to me originally. Now I have to pay $279, because they won't take back what they gave me.
Bet it cost millions to develop this,  which is pointless.

Its easy to tell who the yank soldiers are with the multitude of guns strapped to every part of the body.

Its a system so that American soldiers can distinguish other friendlies that is needed.
Reddit hug of death

read from here instead : http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://news.goruck.com/gear/gorucks-reverse-flag-explained/
I'd like to think this is reverse propaganda to tell our enemy to put on IR flags on them so the AC-130's can see them moving after they splatter their friends all over the desert. 
Theyve literally thought of everything 
The last images remind me actually of the flag of the bretagne http://www.nationalflaggen.de/media/flags/flagge-bretagne.gif
**
"Friendly"
duh. they also carry bullets.
The TIL for me in that article is why they're backwards

&gt;The reverse flag dates back to the Army’s early history when both cavalry and infantry units would charge ahead as the Stars and Stripes streamed back. When moving forward, therefore, the star field is always to the front as the red and white stripes flow to the back in the breeze. 
Standard issue uniforms also have small IR reflective squares sewn into each shoulder to serve the same purpose! 
Doesn't this just make it easier for the enemy to see them, then?
My freedom boner is strong on this one.
My high school history class had a veteran come speak about his experiences, he said that IR patches are so drones and overhead planes know not to shoot you down for carrying weapons around at night.
The Flag is also "backwards" because, worn on your left shoulder, it's "flying" - similar to on an airplane tail.
So nice to know!
Everyone needs HALO style maps asap.  Looking at you DARPA!
And they never, ever work.
SHHHHHH. You gave away our secret! Now we're gonna lose the war :(
We also have IR beacons we keep on us.
Only the Infared flags do that, the normal color ones do not. 

Source: Retired Soldier
Flags don't emit light. Do you mean it's highly reflective in infrared wavelengths?
Yeah though but what why are they always backwards though?!
My rule of thumb has always been if the crosshair turns red, then it's an enemy. 
Science Fashion
I remember being told specifically not to get the new AF ABU uniforms dry cleaned as it would affect the IR performance of the material. Of course nowadays people have already started pressing them and shit, so I guess when it comes down to it, they'll get shot first or something. 
Why it is need to be reversed? Is there a magic power?
Ummm...Military Night Vision Goggles don't work with infrared light.

 They use _image intensifier tubes_:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image_intensifier


Even in low light conditions it is still quite easy to spot a patriot.
See! Now that's cool. A TIL that was actually something the average educated adult living in the real world doesn't already know. 
I'm pretty big into military stuff. WW2 buff. Love games like BF, and I used to play airsoft where a lot guys are really into the cosplay side of things (nazis are not okay but that's a differnt story). They used order military (type) patches and stuff, but I never heard this about the patches before. 
You can't buy the IR reflective patches from some sellers- you'd have to be LE or Military.

EDIT: Ok, there are some online vendors that make IR reflective patches but most are either restricted to LE/Military or they're ITAR controlled and can't be shipped outside of the US (this is more common).
what's with the image being flipped backwards? see that a lot, but i  don't undersand
I got out in 2008 and I walked out of CIF with a whole Mollie full of gear that was not on my record.  Maybe people that never deployed have problems in there, but going through Bragg was not a problem. Still have the helmet I wore over there on my hat rack 
This isn't always true. I served In Iraq 2006. I was an 11b, and never got one. I did see them on other soldiers, but in my company I never saw anyone wear one. We did have IR strobes on our Mich helmets, so there was some form of identification when we were out there.
again, i'd like to say duh

And be seen by drones.
The day after Russia learned this they made all their spetsnaz carry infrared flag patches.
Sorry if this is a stupid question, but how do enemies not just see the infrared patches and target them..?
Now let's just give away your secrets that enemies
The thumbnail picture is not an IR flag patch just fyi
To those enemies*

Siri always fucking shit up
great thanks for telling the enemy...
Great, now ISIS knows.
Indeed…this might be my favorite read on the site…I always wondered why the flag appeared “backwards”…makes perfect sense…we should be teaching this kind of stuff to every kid in elementary school…Bob
Alternatively.. if you are on other side, you can confirm a target :-(
Secrets out guys. 
also helps the enemy see you at night
The US flag shown on the picture is not the IR patch...
I like how te flag is just casually reversed. Stars are on the right.
I have a condor pack that I'd like to put one on, where can I acquire a patch and which way should it be facing?
reddit has just given isis the best idea. DING
Cool they can also be identified as enemy by the clever use of night vision goggles by the enemy. Why don't they write 'SHOOT HERE' on their helmets in stuff that glows when infrared light is applied as well. 
the flags are also shown right to left (stripes on left, and star patch on the right) , so that it depicts the flag as waving as soldiers march.
So let me just announce this on the internet. 
I would think that this is quite operationally integral so the fact this is public knowledge is quite interesting. Nothing to stop the enemy sporting something similar to go undetected... At least for a little while I suppose. 
Makes sense
But why are they backwards?
That seems like a HUGE liability in the enemy being able to see and identify you in the dark.
But won't the bad guys be able identify those friendlies as easily as well?
Why is it backwards?
ITT: Murica war boners
A TIL not from Wikipedia? What a surprise!
shame they don't bother to look first when looking at other friendlies......
I would think this would be something that should have been left off a public website.
is there a reason why the flag patches are inverted?
I was under the impression the "reversed flag" was for when it was to be worn on the right shoulder. If worn on the left shoulder, a normal flag would appear as though it were streaming back.
oh wow
You can also get IR tactical glowsticks
CSM approaching! Quick get your PT belts, make sure your socks are matching!! Those are mission critical items..Ohhh FUCK someone stole an MRE.. Private search party..ASSEMBLE! 

P.S. I sleep with my DD-214 blanket every night. I dream of smoking Joes back when the military wasn't so ridiculous and political...Oh sweet Spur Ride how I miss thee. 
Isnt it easier for them to be spotted as well?
As far as I am concerned these night vision devices are rather expensive ( for example www.atncorp.com/night-vision-goggles , I have these very good ones ) . Anyways , the conception is rather interesting and worth attention .
Loose lips sink ships.

Didn't help Pat Tillman.
So all the enemy has to do is have patches like this at night?
"are infrared"?

I'm pretty sure my eyes can't see infrared and I can see the patches.
What do they look like through the goggles?
The IR effect wears off after about a month because the sun ruins the flags, but if you're cool with the supply guy you can always snag another. Not like 99% of those deployed need to be seen through IR anyway... 
Being prior service I somehow thought this was common knowledge
Steve buschemi was a firefighter during 9/11
Couldn't the enemy just wear infrared patches too to confuse them?

In fact why not just wear the uniforms of the enemy to cause chaos? Yes, I know that's a war crime, but war-crimes are retarded to begin with because "oh, I'm sorry... I thought this was a FUCKING WAR where REAL PEOPLE DIE. Not a Yugioh tournament."

Maybe people shouldn't start wars if they're worried about someone fighting dirty.
geee i wish Canadian flags would have the same IR tech maybe less of our men and women would be lost to friendly fire
... And that isn't easy as shit to fake?
Talkin about these: http://www.combatsportsupply.com/images/products/detail/MSMUS_Flaga.gif
Should we have kept this a secret?
Well now you've just ruined the secret and compromised the entire program. Nice fucking work, Billy.
Well now the terrorists know, asshole. 
Today Isis Learned
I thought you were going to explain why the stars are placed facing forward. In case anyone still cares, it's because the stars are meant to face the direction of highest honor.
please upvote my comment, I need 10 comment karma, otherwise I couldn't post in the photoshop request section... Thanks guys!
http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/2971/is-steel-from-scuttled-german-warships-valuable-because-it-isn-t-contaminated-with-radioactivity
"Sorry, the market for old steel is now pretty much sunk. Reduced radioactive dust plus sophisticated instrumentation that corrects for background radiation means new steel can now be used in most cases. There's some lingering demand for really old maritime metal, though. When researchers at one national lab wanted shielding that emitted no radiation whatsoever, they used lead ballast retrieved from the Spanish galleon San Ignacio, which had been lying on the bottom of the Caribbean for 450 years."
My basement is more radioactive than modern steel. Hell, my *drywall* is too. It's just in medical and scientific equipment applications that require *absolutely minimal* radiation that old steel is needed.
Same with lead. It's called low alpha lead and it's around $13 an ounce. 
Are we running out or we have plenty for years? I suppose we have a lot lying around.
I wonder why these devices can't take the ~~background~~ radiation from the device into account by measuring it first and then calibrating. Like when you're trying to weigh your cat while holding it by weighing yourself first. 
Just about everything in the world can be dated down to the month created since the 40s because of the radioactive decay in the atmosphere. 
There's a lot of metal theft because of this. There's a lot of pre WW2 steel cabling in railways for example so they are prime targets for it. That's probably why this isn't a highly advertised fact. 
Orkney Islands, represent!!!! Ie, The German fleet sunk at Scarpa Flow. The steel from those ships is a common source of the this steel....

I'm an American actually, but I got to do a field trip there in the 7th grade. 


We are the children of atomic bombs. The message is engraved on our bone.
How do they process it without it picking up more radiation? Or are we at a level now that atmospheric glasses won't affect it? 
[Fascinating medial research application](https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn23665-nuclear-bomb-tests-reveal-brain-regeneration-in-humans/) that relies not on the steel, but the general fact that all our cells brain cells are contaminated as well. They use it to test how quickly our brain cells regenerate by measuring their radioactivity over time. 

Awesome Radiolab episode that includes a story about this if you're interested: http://www.radiolab.org/story/elements/
You're like scavaging around as in FO4 for great steel.
This is the same way they know how to detect art fakes pre 1945.
+1 Rads
Yup, the germanium detectors I used to use for spectroscopy had steel enclosures made from the battleship Yamato
Wouldn't steel from a sunken battleship be contaminated with rust and other impurities?
This is misleading. I work at a steel bar mill and we have radiation detectors at every entrance/exit to and from the plant. The incoming scrap is scanned for radiation and rejected is even the most minimal trace amount is found. Hell we reject even false positives, just to be safe. Then, when the Quality Control lab gets a sample from the furnace, among testing for chemistry they also run a radiation check. Lastly, finished product, billets from the melt shop or bundles of bars from the rolling mill, gets scanned on the way out of the plant.

ANY radiation found is a huge environmental concern. A plant in Texas missed a radioactive source coming in that made it into the furnace. QC caught it on his check. They shut down for a month to fully scrub and decontaminate everything that could have come in contact with the source. And we're talking about shutting down a plant of 300+ people to take care of a radiation level that is acceptable in medical equipment. In fact, most rejected material is found to BE medical equipment. So...not sure I really buy into the validity of this article.
It's time for some RadAway™
GREAT, now we will have a whole new bunch of uninformed lunatics talking about how steel is causing cancer and how minute almost undetectable radiation is worse than continuing coal/oil/gas (since renewables are not yet an option for most of the world)
Where have I heard this before? Oh, right:

"No one's made a new Valyrian steel sword since the Doom of Valyria."
So theoretically, how would running out of pre ww2 steel effect the world?
I seem to remember that a stash of lead ingots found in a Roman shipwreck a couple years ago are of the correct composition for some specific experiments as well.  Don't remember what specifically it was about those ingots, but they were like pre-1945 steel in that lead like that is nigh-impossible to find.
Quark said it right....

[They irradiated their OWN planet?!?!?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPBzj90Su8A)
This is not true.

MOST steel, yes.  But not all.

Source: I did IT at one of the major stainless steel plants in the US.  Every load of scrap was tested for radiation levels and even ore. 
Firstly,  there have been 2,056 nuclear bomb detonations conducted since 1945, not just the 2 in Japan.  The entire German High Seas Fleet,  consisting of 74 warships were scuttled in Scapa Flow,  Scotland,  in 1919 after the end of WW1. 
The steel from these ships has long been used in manufacture of some specialised medical equipment,  however modern methods do now allow alternative steel to be used. 
I'm guessing the USS Nevada would be a bad battleship to use steel from for medical applications though. 

Even in a nuclear age, I think I'd rather be in a WWI/WWII era battleship than anything else. 14-16" of armor stops a lot of shit. 
Stainless steel cookware?
Freakin Rads, the wasteland will never be the same...
I don't get it...So how can steel mined deep within the mountain in a northern country, never touched by a nuclear weapon, be polluted when a shipwreck is not? 
No biggie if you have Radaway
There is a full body radiation counter (big steel room) in Richland wa (near Hanford site), that is made from old pre-ww2 cast battleship hulls for exactly that reason. 
So are bananas and wine.
Nuclear Medicine Student here. Many things are radioactive. One such example is fiesta dishes. Another is old watches in which radium was used to make the watches glow. Google "radium girls" 
Pff one up it. Humans born during the cold war were pretty much all contaminated with radioactive elements. For years science thought cells in heart or nervous tissue were incapable of regenerating.  This , however , proved to be false; we now know that in fact these tissues are indeed capable of self repair, albeit slowly.  The reason we figured it out was because we were able to carbon date cells from people bkrn during the cold war who were all exposed to radioactive fallout.
I'm not well-versed on the topics so pardon me if this is a dumb question: is there any evidence that mid-century nuclear tests have contributed to climate change?
This is a legitimate problem for lead used in science as well.

http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/ancient-roman-lead-melted-down-explore-frontiers-physics/


Blah blah blah steel beams
Wait... like ALL steel? I have to go sea exploring for my surgical type steel?
That's fucked up
steel schmeel, this article about ancient sunken lead for modern use is way cool http://212.71.251.65/aspera//index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=418&amp;Itemid=98

Wait, how does our radioactive material get into iron ore that has been sitting underground for billions of years when we dig it up and make new metal? 
Cooking radioactive roachmeat makes the radiation go away. So can't they just forge new clean steel?
Wait why? how is mined ore contaminated? 

&gt;From 1856 until the mid 20th century, steel was produced in the Bessemer process where air was forced into blast furnaces converting the pig iron into steel. By the mid-20th century, many steelworks had switched to the BOS process which uses pure oxygen instead of air. However as both processes use atmospheric gas, they are susceptible to contamination from airborne particulates.

Oh okay, so just steel because it uses atmospheric oxygen. Couldn't they just use non atmospheric oxygen?

Couldn't they just hydrolyze water for pure oxygen in circumstances where they need radionuclide free oxygen?  
The plot to Goldfinger... I guess it's steel-finger with this news 
inb4 fallout plot
So any steel made anywhere in the world is contaminated because of the bombs dropped at test sites and in Japan?
TIL WW2 gave the recycling loop metal herpes.
Can I get an ELI5 on what background radiation is, how it seemingly permeates everything and why it exists only after nuclear weapons?
Must be some *pretty* specialized medical equipment, because this is the first time I'm hearing of this and I've developed instruments and implants across hips, knees, trauma, spine, and sports medicine.
Maybe that's why those beams melted so easily.
Imagine the frustration if a bunch of geiger counters were produced and this steel finds it's way in the batch.  Get the junior guy to calibrate them as a joke.  "Why can't I get these things to show 0?"
Couldn't we just destroy the Eiffel tower? It dates back to 1889, which is well before the atomic blasts.  It's made of wrought iron instead of steel, so it would be pointless to destroy it.  But we could still destroy it.
"many"

Serious question, how come the old stuff isn't contaminated either?
Can someone explain further, why ALL steel? Why does background radiation after the bomb contaminate all created steel?? From someone who doesn't want to read Wikipedia at the moment. 
what happens when we run out of pre-1945 steel

This is also how they date wine ...ad wine b4 the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki do not have radiation signatures
Huh? so all steel has radiation now?
Same with your body
I don't suppose the demand is very high.  Otherwise, I wonder if this would serve as a driver for asteroid mining.  
Every glass of water you have ever consumed has contained molecules of radioactive compounds from the years of nuclear tests.  Its everywhere. 
Same applies to wine. All wine sealed before 1945 contains no caesium, since the Trinity test, some radioactive caesium may be found.
so our silverware etc has background radiation?
Can some one explain this better? What because of the 2 bombs on Japan and all the nukes tested it made all steel radioactive? How does that work?
but all steel produced before that must have been exposed to it?
Can these equipment which are made for surgical purposes be made from something other than steel cheaply? 
So, maybe stupid question, but what if we were to produce steel in space?  Like on the ISS or on the moon?
This is the plot line to fallout 4 
Ummm.... Fuck steel, what is that shit doing to us? Asking the real questions here......
Is this a problem EVERYWHERE in the world? Or are there some very remote locations that remain untouched? This is crazy to me, insane how the radiation spreads enough to be detected and cause this problem globally.
Just keep listening. [There's only one way to know it's over](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzoq4x8ynPA)
Gamma rays from a nuclear blast, don't they just travel off at tge speed of light after the boom? How is it that they "linger"?
Fascinating.
How about iron ores underground?
Why are they not buying old farm equipment? No need to go to the bottom of the ocean! I have 25 TONS of good old steel from the 1930s and before just sitting out in my field.
Also how Carbon-14 dating methods originated, IIRC.
I wonder how that would work since most wartime shipwrecks are considered maritime grave sites and Don't allow the removal of any debris let alone plates cut out of the hulls, unless they were ones used as target practice or such?
[deleted]
A speaker at UC Berkeley's physics colloquium this week brought this up... Were you at that talk?
Tl;dr - steel is radical!
Does this mean ALL metal after 1945? Or are we just talking about metal that was made after 1945 in that era during the war? 

edit: steel. metal sounds metal though.
Surely steel from other parts of the world would be fine. I mean I can see steel from the US and Japan being fucked, but what about literally any other country on the planet?
What's going to happen when they run out of sunken battleships to take steel from?
so basicly a lot of bomb testing in Polynesia has contaminated all steel?
Have worldwide rates of cancer gone up since then?
That's an awesome fact to know.
And people still wonder why New Zealand is trying as fucking hard as it can to be nuclear free.
What about steel that was produced yesterday?
Also, people also carry traces of the atomic era within them with regard to a variety of Isotopes.
Same with pretty much all products produced after 1945. It's one of the ways fake/forgery paintings are identified.
Is there currently any way to remove radiation from a material?
What's that thing where they can date stuff pre chernobyl dependent on whether the radiation is present
Yet nuking the fuck outta Mars still seems like a good idea, right.
I can remember learning about this when I learnt boat building at college.  It isn't just medical instruments it is also expensive yachts.  

They use alloys such as Manganese Bronze, Admiralty Bronze, Navel Brass and Admiralty Stainless.  However since the contamination it hasn't been possible to reproduce these to the correct formula.
Is this radioactive contamination remotely harmful to humans?
Interesting fact: the tallest building in Taiwan. The "Taipei 101" was rumored to be built using heavily radiated steel. There were some protests but it never stopped the construction. Until this day, some people still claim they felt sick after visiting the building. 
What can't they just make virgin steel from iron ore and it include any recycled scrap steel?  It seems like that would be a lot easier than recovering sunken battleships, and also more sustainable.
Then don't use recycled steel if that's a concern, problem solved.
I really wish that TIL articles would come from somewhere other than wikipedia.
So like, are the stainless steal counters at my job have minuscule radiation? 
We really are our own worst enemy.
If only there was a way to decontaminate radioactive steel.
Last month I learned that before the BOS process that uses pure oxygen was developed, the primary way to get high quality steel using the Bessimer process was to put a little bit of iron ore in the mix from a mine in northern Minnesota called the Soudan mine. Soudan ore was 60% iron, and a high percentage of the rest was oxygen. This gave the furnaces the extra oxygen and heat needed. The BOS process ended the need for Soudan ore and eventually ended operations at the Soudan mine.
That... does not sound right.
At a previous site with my company I had to get an annual radiation reading from my lungs. I sat in a dentist chair with detectors on my chest for an hour or so. The room (a closet essentially) was lined with lead from before atmospheric testing like the steel mentioned here.
In light of the Fukushima disaster, will sunken ships no longer be a viable option for accessing "clean" steel?
Could this global increase in background radiation have increased the likelihood of developing cancer as well?
Combine this factoid with the fact that the air has never been as filthy in human history as it is now, and then tell me why we're getting worked up about if eating meat can cause cancer. I have a few other culprits I'd like to suggest as possibilities for increased cancer amounts.
Death to false metal.
Bullshiznitt!
So 2 nuclear bombs and the whole earth atmosphere is contaminated? 
Uuuu Ssss Aaaa!

Uuu Sss Aaa!

Uu Ss Aa!

U-S-A!

U-S-A!

U-S-A!

U-S-A!
TIL many = six. 
I assume the exception is Japanese steel
[deleted]
I understand the nuclear fuel is probably our best bet at nearly-limitless energy source, but this article highlights what makes me uncomfortable about the whole science. The use of nuclear weapons or nuclear energy disasters have *timeless* consequences; they scar and mar the planet we live on in irreversible ways. It freaks me out.
[Bullshit.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Background_radiation)
[deleted]
Bullshit... another repost whore.
Sounds like bull shit.
Hitler and Mannerheim discuss the ongoing military disaster on the Eastern Front.  Actor Bruno Ganz studied the recording in preparation for his role as Hitler in *Der Untergang* (*Downfall*).
Wikipedia link for the lazy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hitler_and_Mannerheim_recording

**EDIT!!  For those of you in Germany or other places where this video is blocked, try this:**
http://yle.fi/aihe/artikkeli/2006/09/08/hitlerin-salaa-tallennettu-keskustelu-suomessa#media=3913
It's really interesting to note how matter of fact they're discussing things which, after the war, were monumental decisions to be pored over endlessly after the fact.
&gt;After the tape was revealed to the public, some believed it was a fake because Hitler's voice sounded too soft. Photographs taken on the day of the event showed that Hitler had been drinking alcohol, which could have affected his voice as he rarely drank alcohol. After listening to the recording, Rochus Misch, Hitler's former bodyguard and radio operator, said:

&gt;"He is speaking normally, but I'm having problems with the tone; the intonation isn't quite right. Sometimes it seems okay, but at other points not. I have the feeling it's someone mimicking Hitler... It really sounds as if someone is mimicking him."
— Rochus Misch

&gt;The BKA (the German Federal Criminal Police Office) later made an examination of the tape, and head of frequencies Dr. Stefan Gfroerer declared, "It is very obvious to us that this is Hitler's voice."

Drunk conversational voice is what we're looking at here.

I find it really interesting how he openly discusses German's weaknesses, how their weapons weren't made for fighting a winter war and all that. 

Usually the impression you get of dictators is that they always tow the line of "everything I do is right" but it seems that here in private he admits to all the difficulties Germany faced in the war and doesn't seem that delusional as one might have thought. 
Strange that Hitler sounds so calm and reasonable, even reflective. Realizing he was a person is weird, since he's always been a monster or a mythic being. Just a guy talking shop at lunch, not ideological, not bossy. Recognizes his missteps, doesn't shift blame, isn't at all cartoonish. 

Reading the wiki on Mannerheim and his longstanding attitude toward the Germans, it becomes understandable that the meeting takes place unofficially. Hitler can be seen hat in hand here, hoping to convince Mannerheim to help against the Russians. Makes you wonder how often that happened.
Hitler: ...a very serious danger, perhaps the most serious one - it's whole extent we can only now judge. We did not ourselves understand - just how strong this state [the USSR] was armed. 

Mannerheim: No, we hadn't thought of this. 

Hitler: No, I too, no. 

Mannerheim: During the Winter War - during the Winter War we had not even thought of this. Of course... 

Hitler: (Interrupting) Yes. 

Mannerheim: But so, how they - in reality - and now there is no doubt all they had - what they had in their stocks! 

Hitler: Absolutely, This is - they had the most immense armaments that, uh, people could imagine. Well - if somebody had told me that a country - with...(Hitler is interrupted by the sound of a door opening and closing.) If somebody had told me a nation could start with 35,000 tanks, then I'd have said: "You are crazy!" 

Mannerheim: Thirty-five? 

Hitler: Thirty-five thousand tanks. 

Another Voice In Background: Thirty-five thousand! Yes! 

Hitler: We have destroyed - right now - more than 34,000 tanks. If someone had told me this, I'd have said: "You!" If you are one of my generals had stated that any nation has 35,000 tanks I'd have said: "You, my good sir, you see everything twice or ten times. You are crazy; you see ghosts." This I would have deemed possible. I told you earlier we found factories, one of them at Kramatorskaja, for example, Two years ago there were just a couple hundred [tanks]. We didn't know anything. Today, there is a tank plant, where - during the first shift a little more than 30,000, and 'round the clock a little more than 60,000, workers would have labored - a single tank plant! A gigantic factory! Masses of workers who certainly, lived like animals and... 

Another Voice In Background: (Interrupting) In the Donets area? 

Hitler: In the Donets area. (Background noises from the rattling of cups and plates over the exchange.) 

Mannerheim: Well, if you keep in mind they had almost 20 years, almost 25 years of - freedom to arm themselves... 

Hitler: (Interrupting quietly) It was unbelievable. 

Mannerheim: And everything - everything spent on armament. 

Hitler: Only on armament. 

Mannerheim: Only on armament! 

Hitler: (Sighs) Only - well, it is - as I told your president [Ryti] before - I had no idea of it. If I had an idea - then I would have been even more difficult for me, but I would have taken the decision [to invade] anyhow, because - there was no other possibility. It was - certain, already in the winter of '39/ '40, that the war had to begin. I had only this nightmare - but there is even more! Because a war on two fronts - would have been impossible - that would have broken us. Today, we see more clearly - than we saw at that time - it would have broken us. And my whole - I originally wanted to - already in the fall of '39 I wanted to conduct the campaign in the west - on the continuously bad weather we experienced hindered us. 

Our whole armament - you know, was - is a pure good weather armament. It is very capable, very good, but it is unfortunately just a good-weather armament. We have seen this in the war. Our weapons naturally were made for the west, and we all thought, and this was true 'till that time, uh, it was the opinion from the earliest times: you cannot wage war in winter. And we too, have, the German tanks, they weren't tested, for example, to prepare them for winter war. Instead we conducted trials to prove it was impossible to wage war in winter. That is a different starting point [than the Soviet's]. In the fall of 1939 we always faced the question. I desperately wanted to attack, and I firmly believed we could finish France in six weeks. 

However, we faced the question of whether we could move at all - it was raining continuously. And I know the French area myself very well and I too could not ignore the opinions, of many of my generals that, we - probably - would not have had the élan, that our tank arm would not have been, effective, that our air force could not been effective from our airfields because of the rain. 

I know northern France myself. You know, I served in the Great War for four years. And - so the delay happened. If I had in '39 eliminated France, then world history would have changed. But I had to wait 'till 1940, and unfortunately it wasn't possible before May. Only on the 10th of May was the first nice day - and on the 10th of May I immediately attacked. I gave the order to attack on the 10th on the 8th. And - then we had to, conduct this huge transfer of our divisions from the west to the east. 

First the occupation of - then we had the task in Norway - at the same time we faced - I can frankly say it today - a grave misfortune, namely the - weakness of, Italy. Because of - first, the situation in North Africa, then, second, because of the situation in Albania and Greece - a very big misfortune. We had to help. This meant for us, with one small stoke, first - the splitting of our air force, splitting our tank force, while at the same time we were preparing, the, tank arm in the east. We had to hand over - with one stroke, two divisions, two whole divisions and a third was then added - and we had to replace continuous, very severe, losses there. It was - bloody fighting in the desert. 

This all naturally was inevitable, you see. I had a conversation with Molotov [Soviet Minister] at that time, and it was absolutely certain that Molotov departed with the decision to begin a war, and I dismissed the decision to begin a war, and I dismissed him with the decision to - impossible, to forestall him. There was - this was the only - because the demands that man brought up were clearly aimed to rule, Europe in the end. (Practically whispering here.) Then I have him - not publicly...(fades out). 

Already in the fall of 1940 we continuously faced the question, uh: shall we, consider a break up [in relations with the USSR]? At that time, I advised the Finnish government, to - negotiate and, to gain time and, to act dilatory in this matter - because I always feared - that Russia suddenly would attack Romania in the late fall - and occupy the petroleum wells, and we would have not been ready in the late fall of 1940. If Russia indeed had taken Romanian petroleum wells, than Germany would have been lost. It would have required - just 60 Russian divisions to handle that matter. 

In Romania we had of course - at that time - no major units. The Romanian government had turned to us only recently - and what we did have there was laughable. They only had to occupy the petroleum wells. Of course, with our weapons I could not start a, war in September or October. That was out of the question. Naturally, the transfer to the east wasn't that far advanced yet. Of course, the units first had to reconsolidate in the west. First the armaments had to be taken care of because we too had - yes, we also had losses in our campaign in the west. It would have been impossible to attack - before the spring of 19, 41. And if the Russians at that time - in the fall of 1940 - had occupied Romania - taken the petroleum wells, then we would have been, helpless in 1941. 

Another Voice In Background: Without petroleum... 

Hitler: (Interrupting) We had huge German production: however, the demands of the air force, our Panzer divisions - they are really huge. It is level of consumption that surpasses the imagination. And without the addition of four to five million tons of Romanian petroleum, we could not have fought the war - and would have had to let it be - and that was my big worry. Therefore I aspired to, bridge the period of negotiations 'till we would be strong enough to, counter those extortive demands [from Moscow] because - those demands were simply naked extortion's. They were extortion's. The Russians knew we were tied up in the west. They could really extort everything from us. Only when Molotov visited - then - I told him frankly that the demands, their numerous demands, weren't acceptable to us. With that the negotiations came to an abrupt end that same morning. 

There were four topics. The one topic that, involved Finland was, the, freedom to protect themselves from the Finnish threat, he said. [I said] You do not want to tell me Finland threatens you! But he said: "In Finland it is - they who take action against the, friends, of the Soviet Union. They would [take action] against [our] society, against us - they would continuously, persecute us and, a great power cannot be threatened by a minor country." 

I said: "Your, existence isn't threatened by Finland! That is, you don't mean to tell me..." 

Mannerheim: (Interrupting) Laughable! 

Hitler: "...that your existence is threatened by Finland?" Well [he said] there was a moral - threat being made against a great power, and what Finland was doing, that was a moral - a threat to their moral existence. Then I told him we would not accept a further war in the Baltic area as passive spectators. In reply he asked me how we viewed our position in, Romania. You know, we had given them a guarantee. [He wanted to know] if that guarantee was directed against Russia as well? And that time I told him: "I don't think it is directed at you, because I don't think you have the intention of attacking Romania. You have always stated that Bessarabia is yours, but that you have - never stated that you want to attack Romania!" 

"Yes," he told me, but he wanted to know more precisely if this guarantee...(A door opens and the recording ends.)  

Casually talking shop about how to fight a world war is weird.
His voice is much deeper than i would have guessed. Very easy to listen to, even in a language as harsh as Deutsch. 
Ironic, this video is not available in Germany.
http://i.imgur.com/aUzK3jf.jpg
I can't believe I've never heard this before. Absolutely fascinating.

No propaganda, no bullshit, just his completely honest thoughts, casually chatting about the war.

His astonishment at the size of the Soviet army. His admission of mistakes and weaknesses.

Hitler seems so incredibly... *normal*.
This is exactly what I expected: he sounds perfectly normal, competent, and reasonable.  The horrible truth: Hitler was not unique, a one-in-a-billion psychotic freak -- he was just a one-in-a-million asshole who happened to become the leader of a powerful nation.  Not only are there more Hitlers running around the world right now, vying for leadership slots, but there is a little bit of Hitler in everyone....
Not a bad baritone. I'd like to see if he could use that voice to inspire a nation to... oh yeah. 
He has a voice made for radio! If only he had wanted to be a dj instead of a painter, things could have ended up very differently.
Mannerheim spoke pretty good German.
First video suggestion is "the hitler speech they dont want you to hear". WHO? Who the fuck dont want me to hear that. It's 2015.
"This video not available in your country."
My country = Germany 
This is a priceless historical relic. So much is revealed in so few minutes.
If I were subtitling Hitler, that's not the font I would have used.
I wonder why the SS were so strict about this. Was it because they didn't want anything off-the-record to be recorded, or was it because they wanted to maintain a certain image of him as an orator? 
As a german speaker, I find this to be a very interesting find indeed. As it seems to non-german speakers- German is usually thought of as an "aggressive" and "ugly" language. While that is up to taste, I've always held the belief that through movies, a lot of people's first encounter with the language is either through yelling Nazis, or Hitler's rants themselves. This informs the opinion of those who hear it.

Hearing him speak in his normal voice reminds me that German is a most expressive language (to which Hitler was a brilliant orator), but in calmer tones he doesn't even sound evil, fanatical or what have you. 
He sounds much deeper than what people have portrayed him as - usually high pitched and nasally. 
Btw. this Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim was a rather cool dude. Not only was he a Swedish speaking Finn (nowadays 5% minority); he rode a horse from Helsinki to Tiananmen square, got his military training in the Russian imperial army, spoke Swedish, Finnish, German, Russian, French and knew some Portuguese, Polish and Mandarin, and was the main dude to fix independence to the country. 
The stereotypical "Hitler accent" is mostly just an old-fashioned stage accent.
Why is this blocked in Germany? Not the first time I've found something weirdly blocked by my government.
Hitler got interrupted a lot...
Thanks Italy!
The first time I heard Hitler's speaking voice I was on the toilet. What a time to be alive.
Say what you want, that man could fuckin speak
I am surprised how deep his voice is. I never expected that.
It's humbling to realize just how human and relatable Hitler actually was...we feel comforted by the act of dramatizeing tyrants, dismissing them out of reality as an anomaly as if some far off fantasy character like Sauron (ironically whom was based on despots like hitler) because we're to afraid of facing the brutal truth of confronting ourselves...but really he was no less human than any of us, he could have been your neighbor, your teacher, or just some random artist sitting in a cafe in vienna having a casual conversation with your sexually obsessed therapist ; ) ..that had any one of an infinite and infinitesimal differences been even the slightest different...we could be led down a similar path just the same. No, the savagery lies within...please know yourselves, do what you can to understand yourselves...and let go of hate, let go of the fear...of yourself.
This is the single most interesting thing I have come across in all my redditing, fascinating...
Its strange how this reveals that Hitler might not have been as fanatical as history makes him out to be. A man that discusses his own military's weaknesses and discusses the strength of another country doesn't sound like the same dictator who forcefully took over europe and ordered the murder of millions of people.
not available in germany?
Huh, always thought I had a little more baritone. Weird hearing oneself. 
&gt; This video is not available in your country. 

Germany.

Well, thanks to this thread I will be up all night binge watching Band of Brothers.
It is also pretty interesting that high quality reel-to-reel recordings were invented by the Nazis, for playing Hitler's speeches. Before this tech, when a speech went out over the radio, if it was very good quality, it meant that it was a live speech, and the Allies could know his location at the time. If the quality was low, then it would be known to be a recording, and no location information came with that.

With the high quality reel-to-reel recordings, though, they could play a live-quality version of the speech on the radio, and screw up that little bit of implicit tracking information, or even misdirect anyone who was not aware of the technology.
This is such a contrast to how Hitler is perceived in popular media. 

He keeps talking about conditions from the Russians that he could not accept, do anyone know what these conditions are?

I have always been told that Hitler attacked Russia for reasons like he thought he was invincible and was a half crazy dictator and he would have easily won the whole war if he didnt but it really sounds like he felt forced to attack. He also says that before he attacked France, Russia made indications that they had ambitions to rule Europe right?
A surprisingly rich voice ... totally unexpected.
ITT: everyone is from Germany and it's blocked
Conversation took place [here.](http://yle.fi/uutiset/taalla_hitler_ja_mannerheim_kavivat_salaisen_keskustelun_73_vuotta_sitten__katso_milta_salonkivaunu_nayttaa_nyt/8040431)

I remember seeing a TV documentary about this. In said documentary, there was this picture taken of Hitler's laboured attempt to walk past a ditch, and Mannerheim standing behind him, looking at him with *schadenfreude* and contempt in his eyes. Haven't been able to locate said picture since. Tried google images, and even [Finnish Army picture archive](https://sa-kuva.fi/), with zero results.
Mirror please?
An informative educational post, I like it OP!
Crazy how different his normal voice is from the voice in his speeches. If you learn german, you always end up listening to some of his speeches, because...well, what else are you supposed to translate? They're over-the-top, like nothing else in the language; it's almost like the voice of a cartoon character.

It's a testament to just how well-sculpted Hitler's image was. It's hard to believe that there's only one recording like this, where he sounds like any normal guy.
**tl;dr**: "We fucked up. We invaded Russia in the winter. Who knew!"
Here is the audio from the video without the static and some of the low end cut out

https://soundcloud.com/kecidek/speech-between-mannerheim-and-hitler
Isn't it a bit absurd that you can't listen to this in Germany? I mean it's part of the past. What is the issue with having a recording?
Video blocked in Germany.
"Video is not available in your country"

I am in Germany... Interesting... *Interesting* **dons tinhat**
Interesting side note, Marshal Gustaf Mannerheim's exception defense of Finland against the Soviets and the Mannerheim line probably led Hitler to underestimate the Soviet army, believing that Blitzkreig would work there as it had elsewhere. They had no fear of a two front war as they knew that once the Soviets were taken care of they could swing their attention West. A miscalculation that ultimately spelt the doom of the Third Reich. I think of Mannerheim was a military genius and is one of the unsung heros of the second world war even though Finland didn't really partake in WWII and had very mixed allegiances during the period.
**If the video is blocked in your country:**

Try [this link](https://vimeo.com/74010304), or [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oET1WaG5sFk), or [maybe this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DieHOFpblVM)(no subtitles though), or try to listen it on the [Finnish public broadcaster's (YLE) site](http://yle.fi/aihe/artikkeli/2006/09/08/hitlerin-salaa-tallennettu-keskustelu-suomessa), or maybe just google *Hitler Mannerheim conversation*, you should be able to find it.
Sounds like count dooku and darth sidious
Can we get some of that Forensics Science shit going on in here, need a clear up on that audio!
An important note to add to this story: This conversation took place on Mannerheim's 70th birthday before Finland had accepted any help from Germany. Finland had recently become independent from Russia after having its own civil war which the communist faction lost. Russia had invaded Finland twice since WWII began. Mannerheim flat out rejected Hitler's offer of an alliance with Germany and military help against Russia. Also, Mannerheim was very tall and Hitler hated being shown as short in pictures and Hitler's press would only release pictures in which he was standing on a platform and appeared similar in height to Mannerheim. Mannerheim remained opposed to German assistance even when Finland's civilian government chose to make an alliance.

For those unfamiliar with Mannerheim, he is a fascinating person who I encourage you to read more about.
As a military commander, Hitler made a good art student.  His assessment of Soviet military strength was off by orders of magnitude, and apparently the German general staff was equally clueless or afraid to oppose him.  His excuse making -- "They must have spent everything on armaments!" "The workers must live like animals!" -- is an attempt to distract from the scope of his blunder.  

As I recall, the Soviets were quite boastful about the success of their Five Year Plans and someone in the German military should have given thought as to where the increase in steel production was going.  

TIL, reddit has a shitton of WWII scholars.
We want to believe that he was certifiably insane and somehow fundamentally unlike us as a creature. 

He wasn't. Terrifying. 
I live in Germany. Video not available here.

Interesting.
That moment when you're german and the video is banned in your country. SS still around apparently
Why was Hilter talking to the Finnish defence chief? Were they on the same side?
Reading all this incredible history discussion in a thread like this is what makes the internet great. People from all over the world come to one place to talk about WWII.
Interesting. It's the only recording of him speaking normally and he's not ordering dinner or something, he's discussing the entire war strategy.
What happened to the guy who got caught
A few weeks ago i have seen a documentary about his speaking. There is atleast one more recording of his normal speeking. It was a speach on a train.
Thank you for posting this, it gives me a different view of Hitler. He's quieter than I imagined, and has a deeper voice than I thought.

Fascinating.
There is also a Finnish/foreign collaboration movie in the works about this particular event.
It's actually a quite pleasant voice. I never thought I'd say that!
Funny, it is not available in Germany. Fucking Nazis.
Too scared to listen to this. What if I actually agREE WITH SOMETHING HITLER SAYS OH MY GOD
Not available in Germany!
Ah, c'mon YouTube Germany: http://imgur.com/kJM4kFW
Not available in Germany. Meh.
The video is not available in your country.
I live in Germany :(
This is a fucking insult...
 I am from Germany, and I am not allowed by Youtube / the FUCKING Gema to watch this video :(


Man 
I had never heard of this recording. Thanks for posting it, it was very interesting to hear it. 
This is so incredible! I hadn't even thought about what his normal speaking voice sounded like until now.  This right here is a fantastic TIL!
I expected it to be a lot more... shrill. 
It's too bad he got obsessed with the whole "take over the world" thing. He could have made a great phone sex operator.
torille?
I can hardly imagine how history would have played out if the USSR had gone for Romania
"First the occupation of - then we had the task in Norway - at the same time we faced - I can frankly say it today - a grave misfortune, namely the - weakness of, Italy."

My understanding is that Italy and Japan aligned themselves with hitler and the goal was to form "A new World Order". Strange that hitler hasn't spoken of this pact or Japan yet in this dialog... or throughout history since it happened.
If you're familiar with the German language you can clearly hear his Austrian dialect. I thought he spoke much more like a German.
what happened to the Finnish sound engineer?
"This video is not available in your country."

I'm in Germany. Classic...
This is his "normal" voice? So what are we hearing in all these videos of him giving speeches? Did he change his voice to fit the apeshit nature fanatic message? I didn't expect his voice to be so deep. Sounds like he smoked a pack a day﻿
Sends shivers down my spine to hear that creatures voice sounding like a normal human being.
Why is this not accesible in Germany???
ITT: Not available in Germany. 
This video is not available in fucking germany
Why would this video be blocked in german? WTF
Other videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3vbnsv?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[How beautiful German sounds compared to other languages](https://youtube.com/watch?v=zLvL7a8Y0pI)|[76](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmi365?context=10#cxmi365) - Hey hey, German can be a beautiful language. It all depends on how you say it :) 
[Der Guten Tag Hop-Clop](https://youtube.com/watch?v=SmDYPVgWUkY)|[50](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmg0pw?context=10#cxmg0pw) - I read that in the voice of Will Ferrell&amp;#39;s character from The Producers  EDIT: I just realized how absolutely bizarre that link will be to anyone who hasn&amp;#39;t seen The Producers. 
[Hitler Reacts to Star Wars: The Force Awakens Trailer](https://youtube.com/watch?v=xyMPdKNqtFg)|[37](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmfs81?context=10#cxmfs81) - Saw Downfall and immediately heard the similarities.  Bruno Ganz did an amazing job.  Definitely recommend it.  While you may not have seen the whole movie, nearly everyone online has seen a &amp;quot;HITLER REACTS&amp;quot; video which is taken from...
[Myths of American Armor. TankFest Northwest 2015](https://youtube.com/watch?v=bNjp_4jY8pY)|[9](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmlb4z?context=10#cxmlb4z) - According to The Chieftain American Tankers encountered Tiger Is three times. The first time the Sherman won, the second time the Pershing lost, and the third time the Tigers were being loaded onto rail cars   
[HEILFELD (Seinfeld's parody starring Adolf Hitler) - Marca Blanca](https://youtube.com/watch?v=oMPxB8LUq1I)|[7](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmqbb4?context=10#cxmqbb4) - Somewhat related: Heilfeld 
(1) [Danger 5 - All of Hitler's Window Jumps](https://youtube.com/watch?v=b95uzAfRET4) (2) [Adolf Hitler Danger 5](https://youtube.com/watch?v=DXBiQmOp0Fo)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmmlzw?context=10#cxmmlzw) - Its so easy to think of him as a cartoon character. Over the top. Mostly thanks to media. 
[The Fallen of World War II](https://vimeo.com/128373915)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmpcv0?context=10#cxmpcv0) - This is all true. War on this scale is a huge numbers game. But the number of Russian dead are beyond staggering. The sacrifices that the Russian people made at Stalingrad and Leningrad alone far outnumber the total number of Allied dead  during the ...
[Only known recording of Hitler speaking informally - speaking to his generals at Mannerheim](https://youtube.com/watch?v=NVqxoA52kjI)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmirt7?context=10#cxmirt7) -  
[ETHS - Crucifère](https://youtube.com/watch?v=S97oUM_fjs8)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmsdrg?context=10#cxmsdrg) -   So soft and relaxing 
[Top Secret - German Lessons](https://youtube.com/watch?v=MWbQwSURR98)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3vbnsv/_/cxmhd6i?context=10#cxmhd6i) - Relevant Top Secret clip:  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Part of the most interesting part if this is Hitler blaming the failure of his offensive into Russia on interference from the Western Allies in North Africa and the Balkans. 
Not available in my country. I'm German. Wtf. 
Very interesting. If Hitler's narrative is credible then it sounds like Europe had a much bigger power struggle under the surface. It sounds according to this conversation that Russia was really angling to be the big kid on the European block. Germany had plans of retaking area that it felt belonged to it, plus expanding into France (makes sense given Hitler's background in WWI that he would want to undo what he perceived to be a great slight to his nation and its allies, losing to France). Russia it seems from this conversation was aiming on first destroying Finland as evidenced by the Winter War, then planned on rolling into Hungary, capturing the oil fields there, and using that grip over natural resources to strangle Germany and then proceed through the rest of Europe. It seems like perhaps this plan did not work because Russia was not all the way equipped and geared up for war, and they were likely having a difficult time preparing their Army to mobilize. Hitler knew that he had to strike Russia before their troops could mobilize, and he had to take the oil fields in order to supply his Panzers (a key part of his blitzkreig strategy), as well as to keep his Luftwaffe flying. So he launched Barbarossa in order to try and sucker punch the Russians into stepping down, even though he knew very well that his equipment could not handle the conditions on the Eastern front, and with a full understanding that a war on two fronts would spell the end for Germany. He may have waited too long to attack, he did not realize that Russia was as far along in the shift towards gearing their factories for total war as they were, and he underestimated the industrial might of the fully mobilized USSR.

Its a very interesting conversation because it portrays the Nazi's and allies differently than the propaganda that we are used to hearing. It also shows a glimpse into what could have been an entirely different war. If Russia became fully mobilized they could have human wave'd their way right across Europe and now you'd have a red Europe. Its essentially what they were trying to do at the end of the war, capture as much of Europe as possible and bring it into the USSR. What stopped them at the end of the war was the advance of the Allies through Western Europe along with the absolutely astonishing amount of damage inflicted on the Russians by the Germans. The Kremlin still got to make their huge power play, and still ended up with net positive territory at the end of the war, but it was gained not just through brute strength but also through political savy. Very interesting recording here, you can glean a lot of information just by listening.
The two most interesting pieces to me were:

1. How the Russian attitude he describes towards Finland so closely parallels their attitude with Ukraine today. As in "all the ethnic Russians living in Finland (Ukraine) are victims and we have to defend them/us!"

2. Everything comes down to logistics.
He had a deep voice. His voice sounds so high pitched in his speeches. 
His speaking voice is deeper than I imagined it would be. 
I love how Molotov presumably said      
         
&gt;"In Finland it is - they who take action against the friends, of the Soviet Union.        
         
Ironically basically the same Argument Putin made about the Ukraine and the Russian minority on the Crimea, how history repeats itself in some small ways, funny.
Question: Before being caught by the SS? I thought SS was an organization on Hitler's side.

Hitler sounds just like my Dad, was not expecting that. My Dad is an asshole but I respect him. It fits
[It could have been worse...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ofsh88q-57M)
Hitler, always interrupting. What a dick.
I kind of miss Hitler. I bet he'd take care of ISIS pretty quick.
Am I the only person who finds it eerie to listen to a man's voice that ordered the death of millions of people in horrible ways and would have killed millions more if he had the opportunity. I can't speak German but his demeanor in his words sound as if he is having a normal conversation, creepy.
I wonder how much of history was re-written by victors... 
Well at least now I understand why the United States would like to control the oil of the world, and why there is even a legitimate motive to keep alternate energy sources from becoming widespread

Because you can't wage a war without petroleum. And neither can your enemy. As long as cheap alternate energy sources can be kept out of the hands of the wrong people, then their ability to fuel tanks and armaments is seriously hindered.

Control the oil and you keep the peace. At least that's one way to look at it. 
Just imagine the comments if it were Japanese whining that they can't listen to an unknown recording of Emperor Hirohito.
Ive never understood Norways position in the war? They fought alongside Germany against the Soviets and against the Allies but somehow were not considered full Axis powers? Do I have it?
This might be the first

PowerPoint Presentation

I've seen by Hitler.
What happened to the sound engineer after being caught?
It's really interesting to hear about something like that.
Shit lichten
I'm here listening to this and the man sounded sane. But then I got distracted by the comment section *sigh*
This is so awesome, thanks OP
I've always thought it would be interesting to hear someone perform one of Hitler's supposedly rousing speeches in English.

We see the subtitles but it always seems foreign, so how can non-German speakers recognize such crazy talk if it doesn't come with a German accent?
It's like the difference between Dr. Rockso's speaking voice and his singing voice.
Is there an alternative way to watch this? I'm in Italy and it says it's not available.
http://www.mediafire.com/view/36333m3eww04ymz/Transcript_of_Hitler-Mannerheim_Recording.txt

A transcript. Audio doesn't seem as necessary for this.

Heard of this awhile ago and here's an upload of what I found then. Thanks for the reminder.
Pretty amazing to see how important oil was to their efforts. 
Wow.


Dang this is awesome
Totally not what I expected him to sound like
russia always looks like its screwed up and just about ready to collapse to an outsider, but its basically a normal way of life for them ... and military there is ALWAYS on a high level even if there is nothing to eat 

Source: (i was born there)
He speaks so clearly.
TIL Hitler was pretty reasonable /s
Why is he not yelling?! This is a lie! 
Please for my own comfort, can a German speaker confirm that the translation is accurate?
I feel like this would be way cooler if i knew german.
Heard this voice in my head before playing the video...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSFWgKl-O-A#t=1m1s
This is absolutely fascinating and I'm glad you posted it.

This is really cool. He sounds so rational when he isn't yelling. Sounds like an F1 driver who didn't get a podium finish - full of excuses. It was the rain! It was the snow! We knew these things but we did it anyway... 
Great, I'm in Germany and I can't open the video because of stupid restrictions -.- ffs
Way to go Russia on freaking out hitler
I just envisioned 35,000 tanks rolling towards me - would be the world Command and Conquer game ever.
[Movie about the Winter War they are discussing. Very very graphic war movie if you are interested.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSRLkqQLqgM)
Hitler normal voice audio
I love the fact that this is about european and world history and yet the video cannot be played everywhere...

Yeah artificial constructs! 
its banned in poland
Did Mannerheim speak German?
http://i.imgur.com/aUzK3jf.jpg
I'm from Germany and it says this video is not available in your country wtf
Looks like we both watched the same top 5 youtube video today.
I have a hard time following what they are talking about and I speak german
wow. Has the film industry studied this, like actors and such?
It would be amazing if someone could clean up the recording with some sound wizardry.
Some people believe that Hitler attacked the Soviet Union purely for the sake of conquest. 
not availible in germany.......wtf!
Does the engineer get caught at the very end when the door opens?

I'd love to hear the backstory on that.
Aaaaaand I can't watch it in germany...
Does anyone know what happened after he was caught?
this video is not available in your country

-Germany
His voice sounds much deeper than I expected.
&gt;Only known recording of Hitler's normal speaking voice

You mean his speech voice is not his normal speaking voice?
For an incredibly heinous person, Hitler has a surprisingly deep voice. 
What an experience. To be a fly on the wall watching a man behind the death of 6 million Jews have a conversation. Spoopy
This is amazing, someone just linked this for me in /r/roastme

https://www.reddit.com/r/RoastMe/comments/3v9ddy/scandinavia_challenges_your_roast_skills/cxm87cc?context=3
His voice is really nothing like I imagined. I always imagined a shrill, high voice.
It's not available in my country. Anyone have another link?
Ironically the video isnt available in Germany.
not in my country. thanks...

Not available in your country....figures
I like how he just rips off Italy for being weak. 
I always imagined him having this [voice](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41Uu93WGISL._SX342_.jpg)
not available in my country? come on, I wanna hear how did the guy who raided my country sound like! 
So was the sound engineer shot dead? How was this recording released?
Its blocked here in Germany.
Not available in your country 

(I live in Germany... go figure)
This video is blocked in Germany.
German Engineering huh? 
This video isn't available in Germany ..makes sense I guess.
This is the first time I hear the Hitler had more than one voice. Was the voice he used for his fiery speeches a fake one?
"Video not available in your country" WTF?
Any source which isn't countr-locked?

I'm from italy and the video is not avaliable for my country ...
I'm German. Why the hell is this video not available in my country?
RemindMe! 5 days
Hitler is not available in Germany.
I'd give you gold, but, you know....
"this video is not available in your country"
im in germany...
"This video is not available in your country."

Now guess where i live o_O
This video is not available in Germany.
So, Vader.
As an Austrian, I can clearly hear his accent.
I'm German and just realized I've never heard Hitler talk ever. Mindblowing.
What a brilliant recording, all the more incredible for being the only one of its type.
Hitler sounds different than what I expected.
Wow his voice was deep! Kind of like hearing your favorite singer talk for the first time(not that I like Hitler or anything!). Most of the time their singing voice sounds nothing like their normal, speaking voice. Hitler's sounded nothing like he did in his public speeches.
[deleted]
WW2 was like protoss vs zerg matchup.
&gt;This video is not available in your country.

... I life in Germany.
Well, it may sound strange but I understand now that people took this man serious this. I just knew the strange high screaming voice of Hitler in his speeches. This sound really serious and convincing. 
There's nothing particularly unique about his voice, but for some reason I felt extremely uneasy listening to it. Kind of creeped me out and I don't even know why.
I would love the chance to see this ship.
It's like a Civ game, where you're already nuking the enemy, but still have that one frigate on auto-explore that you forgot about.
DAMN YOU WEATHERBY SAVINGS AND LOAN! I spit at yee
The USS Simpson, an Oliver Hazard Perry class frigate, was retired this past year. She was the last Navy ship to have sunk another enemy ship - an Iranian missile boat in 1988

edit: Some random trivia facts:

* The USS Enterprise in *Star Trek* was originally to be named the *USS Yorktown* which were actual Navy ships, one of which was an aircraft carrier that was sunk in WW2 at the Battle of Midway. Her sister ship, the USS Enterprise (CV-6) served in WW2 and became arguably the most decorated warship in US naval history
* The other ship considered most decorated? The USS Constitution, which also happens to be the name of the class of starships that the original USS Enterprise belonged to
I completely misunderstood this title. I spent a good minute thinking you were claiming it was the only US ship to ever sink another ship, which would be not just untrue but extremely untrue. Then I realized you meant 'currently active' (no idea why I thought otherwise)  

We don't fight anyone who can afford ships these days. Navy sinks lots of boats, though. Just shitloads of little boats... 
It's the only ship I've ever helped rocket from the top of one building to another as well.
ITT: Ironsides lines, Ironsides lines and quest spoilers.
10-15% Theseus's ship.
Damn you Weatherby Savings &amp; Loan. 
And now it can fly and is manned by robots 
For folks who are interested in it, basically, *Constitution*, along with its [five sister ships](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Original_six_frigates_of_the_United_States_Navy) were built and outfitted very heavily for their size. Constitution was basically in between a frigate, which was a mid-sized sailing ship intended to do things like hunt down pirates/privateers, harass shipping, and fight along the edges of proper battles, and a ship-of-the-line, which was the contemporary main battleship. It was much heavier armed and built than a normal frigate, but was much faster and more handy than a ship-of-the-line.

But, since the British were used to triumphing over lopsided odds (And with the memory of the ill-fated [Admiral Byng](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Byng) fresh on their minds), British frigate captains were very eager to engage Constitution, since it was still a "frigate." 

This didn't go well for the British ships, most notably *Guerriere* and *Java*, the latter of which, after its duel with *Constitution* was so badly mauled that it wasn't even worth salvaging. After this, the British Admiralty specifically issued orders to its captains to not engage American frigates by themselves, but wait for reinforcements.

Unfortunately, the War of 1812 doesn't get too much press, even though some pretty amazing things happened on both sides for those interested in military, Canadian, and American history.
what was the last warship ship sunk by anyone?  There was the Falklands war - maybe something in Iran-Iraq?   Crimea?
Someone was playing Fallout 4 and decided to google the USS Constitution!
This poem written to save the ship when it was about to be scrapped always brings  tears to my eyes.  It actually inspired such an outcry that Old Ironsides was saved.  School children collected pennies to help:

OLD IRONSIDES
By Oliver Wendell Holmes
September 16, 1830

Ay, tear her tattered ensign down!

Long has it waved on high,

And many an eye has danced to see

That banner in the sky;

Beneath it rung the battle shout,

And burst the cannon's roar;

The meteor of the ocean air

Shall sweep the clouds no more.

Her deck, once red with heroes' blood,

Where knelt the vanquished foe,

When winds were hurrying o'er the flood,

And waves were white below,

No more shall feel the victor's tread,

Or know the conquered knee;

The harpies of the shore shall pluck

The eagle of the sea!

Oh, better that her shattered bulk

Should sink beneath the wave;

Her thunders shook the mighty deep,

And there should be her grave;

Nail to the mast her holy flag,

Set every threadbare sail,

And give her to the god of storms,

The lightning and the gale!

Ole Iron sides?
I was actually lucky enough to fly over her and watch her fire a broadside a few years back.  

http://imgur.com/fxFp94e
That's because Captain Ironsides is the shit 
Captain Ironsides requests your presence on the Bridge!
The only ship still in active service*
Damned Savings and Loan...
She really is a true beauty, being flown around the Boston area by crazy robots and such https://i.ytimg.com/vi/QXB-ADcmGZs/maxresdefault.jpg (fallout spoilers)
It would be fun to see the *Battleship* sequel in which this ship shoots down alien mothership. 
H.M.S. Java, if anyone was wondering. For having a really small navy in the war of 1812 the U.S. really kicked British ass at sea.
Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMS_Java_%281811%29#Capture_by_USS_Constitution
I want a movie in which an enemy nation has managed to disable the electronics on all naval ships and they must rely on USS Constitution to win the battle.
Why Riker wouldn't take his captaincy on that baby I will never know. 
"Active"
Then what was the historic ship that was lost in a hurricane off the US East Coast a few years ago (I think it was Hurricane Sandy)? Or was it this ship, and only crew were lost?
Did anyone else take Nick on that quest and get extremely annoyed at his dumb comments about there being a ship in that building?
What do you expect, the captain is a sentry bot.
Still active in year 2287
Hey, I helped this thing fly because some robots asked me to!
I too, was on Reddit a couple days ago.
"Active"
I wonder how many people realize just how awesome piece of information that is.

We are living in such peaceful times that the only ship in service which was used for war is a museum!

Oh dear may these times go on as long as they can....
Why is that considered an active ship? Isn't it just a tourist attraction? 
Currently "Manned" by the finest crew in the Commonwealth!
Wow that's neat. I have a model version of this ship on top of my computer desk. Cool to know every time I gaze up from the screen. Cheers for that 
Navy ships that have experienced combat have a little more wear and tear than ships that have only experienced an era of uncontested naval supremacy.  Despite their contributions, they are the first in line to become razor blades and replaced by the shiny new models.
Also, the USS Constitution is the oldest commissioned battleship still afloat in the world. (The HMS Victory is the oldest commissioned battleship, but it is no longer technically floating).
Todd just knew...
Good ol' Ironsides. Beautiful ship. I recommend seeing it if you go to Boston.
Dude... spoilers.
Just barely. The USS Simpson was decommissioned two months ago. It sunk an Iranian vessel and was the last modern US naval ship still in service to sink an enemy vessel
Anyone wanna guess the only active ship with water cooled handrails?
Hmm, well the Navy has sunk several pirate ships around the Somali area but I guess that the day Rd mean the word enemy to be the country that we are actively at war with
Fun naval fact: Santísima Trinidad of the Spanish Navy was the heaviest armed ship in the world, and bore the most guns of any ship of the line outfitted in the age of sail.with 140 guns. [Santísima Trinidad](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cd/Santisima_Trinidad.jpg)

Seems like USS Pennsylvania was pretty close though...
There's an old wooden ship known as Diversity that has sunken many ships.
I've got an old commemorative coin made from the metal of this ship. Any info on worth?
Paradox - if it has been repaired over the years and all the parts are changed is it still the same ship as it was in 1797?
&gt;approximately 10–15 percent of the timber inConstitution contains original material installed during her initial construction period in the years 1795–1797.[224]


Is it really the same boat? 
I'll follow Captain Ironsides to death.

Death to the raider!
Last time I saw this ship it was on top of a building!
And I learned in fallout 4 that it also is the only US Navy ship capable of flight. 
Fun fact: they shoot off a cannon on it every day at 8AM and sunset...I used to live across the harbor from it, never stopped being terrifying
And now it is controlled by a group of robots. 
Damn you Weatherby Savings &amp; Loan!!
thats just because all the ships that were engaged in ship to ship combat in WW2 are long since gone or died in combat.
That is one beautiful ship.
Ship of Theseus
Be honest; You learned this because you're playing Fallout 4.
It was also supposed to be named The Enterprise 
Also in fallout 4
Maryland pride, baby!
Sweet fucking ironE. 
Ah, she's beautiful.
Got to see it when i went to boston.
Old Iron Sides 
"All I ask is a tall ship and a star to sail by"
I read this and thought about this ship in a Battle Star Galactica situation
Well this ship is currently stuck on top of a sky scraper 
A carrier without escort is a must, and requires a phone or in-person interview with the Constitution's command.
I wish i can see the ship
By active, I'm assumming, floating into ports for tours? or something like that. 

Pretty cool though, sure  she has tons of stories to tell.
But how many caves has it blown up?
Load up your ammo pirates and head to the South China Sea. 
Old Man Strength
This is completely untrue unless were not going to count pirates as enemies, I personally engaged small craft off the horn of Africa with my MK 45 
I'd like to see it sink one more ship...maybe we can declare some douche bag's yacht in Miami an enemy ship and send it to the bottom with cannon fire.
Think USS Cole, but out in pairs which pretty much ended the sea war.
"Active"
I sail other tall ships and so they took us on a private tour of constitution. We went way down into the very bottom of the ship and they have rivets circled which were smithed by Paul Revere. You can just touch them too. Pretty incredible boat.
1. 
I enjoyed  the read. I knew this when I was younger, but like most things I forgot over time.
Than's an aptly named ship.

Old Iron Sides! I was fascinated by the ship growing up. Did a few reports on it throughout grade school when I had freedom of topic choice.
To be fair though, a lot of the navy's focus has shifted to aircraft carriers, which aren't exactly known for their use in ship to ship battles. Also, the last time we fought a nation with a respectable navy was WWII, so most everything has been phased out already. We still have destroyers and so on, they're just newer.
Don't the British have that one submarine from the Falklands. I'm always amazed how recent that was. I doubt it's still in action. 
I visited this ship back in 1998; it was amazing. I remember some details like it was yesterday: the size, the paint, the low ceilings, the cannons. I love American Revolution history and this has an extra special place for me. 
HMS Victory and the Constitution battle each other for worlds oldest commissioned ship, depending on who is in dry dock.
I don't understand this title. Isn't a submarine an active ship? US subs sunk a lot of japanese shipping in ww2. I bet us warships sank some german subs as well.

And what about the US-spanish war? US destroyed several spanish warships I believe I have read. 
The Navy should send it out to unleash a few broadsides on Somali pirates.

There are few things more badass for a ship than sinking enemies in two non-consecutive centuries.
So.. technically the US Navy does nothing then?
I wish the US still named ships like this (like the Yorktown, Lexington, Intrepid, etc) instead of after presidents/people.  I guess states are pretty cool.


Personally, though, I think the Brits have the right idea when it comes to naming naval ships.


Makes you think. We really havent had any major nations threaten us for a few decades (at least not big enough to have a navy)
What a beauty
[deleted]
Sunk a ship that the public knows about. Not even a year ago I was in Hawaii for a missile test when a Navy destroyer sank a pirate ship that was crossing the range established for the test in the South Pacific about 600 Nm SSW of the Philippines. 

It never got a distress call out (if they would have even done that) because it was targeted from 140 Nm away with a LRLAP deck gun. One shot, and surface radar lost it about 30 seconds after impact.

If that counts as an enemy... that is.  
We did it, Victory at last! 
Alright, my native language is not english, thus i have really hard time understanding the title.

Could someone translate from english to english? For me it reads, the only active ship that has sunk an enemy ship has been built in 1797. Which makes no sense
I can't believe we haven't seen a movie based off some plucky set of misfits as the only defense against some terrible national threat and the only ship at their disposal is the U.S.S. Constitution. 

Through a series of unlikely, hair raising events, they unlock the secrets of the ship through historically inaccurate yet still plausible discoveries and save the day. 

Consider it a *National Treasure* spinoff or something. 

I'd watch it. 
The USS Pueblo is the only ship still taken captive.
I was fortunate enough to be allowed to go here both as an elementary student (8 years old) as well as when I was selected for MMC (25 years old).  There is so much history and 'Murica there.  I can't wait to get back to Boston after my time in Guam is over and get to see her again.  
r/fo4
Old Iron Sides!
I already knew all about the USS Constitution, but...

"Constitution was previously berthed at Pier One of the former Charlestown Navy Yard, at one end of Boston's Freedom Trail."

...but the only reason I know about the Freedom Trail is Fallout 4.
I play kantai collection, and I sink ships every day...
The only active ship that has sunk an enemy ship? Sooo do battleships not count? Does "Navy" only include wind sail ships? This is the only ship that has sunk another sail ship (don't know another name for them) that still exists correct? Is it just me or is this title super confusing?
Someone has been using google while playing Fallout 4 
Did it sink the HMS Monarchy?
/r/navy is leaking and I love it
Sadly it now sits on a skyscraper in downtown Boston...pesky Robots!
In Fallout 4 you get to make that baby fly, and you get a portable fucking cannon for it!
Everyone keeps talking about how it's being repaired and now I'm wonder for the purposes of this record when the record keepers are going to have to answer the ship of theseus problem.
Constitution = Ship of Theseus
"In contrast to the efforts to save Constitution, another round of surveys in 1834 found her sister ship Congress unfit for repair; she was unceremoniously broken up in 1835."    Sounds like what we need to do that again with congress. 
Nowhere near as magestic as this ship in question - but for those interested but unable to make the trip to see it. If you are on/near the Great Lakes there are frequently tall ship replicas sailing out and about. I always liked it when the Niagara (it's a replica of one of the important ships related to Oliver Hazard Perry from the War of 1812.) would come around. They are (I believe) all just replica's so they lack that true history you get with the Constitution, but the general feel of it is there. Apparently a replica of a 16th century Spanish Galleon will be visiting the Great Lakes next year. 
Note: I know nothing about sailing or ships, I just enjoy history and reenactment so I like to see these sorts of things when I travel or they come to my town. I only saw the Constitution once when I was a kid. 
Lol I'm reading this thread while riding the DC metro under the Pentagon
She was also in an episode of GI Joe 'Sink the Montana' where Cobra had stolen a battleship and created a device that would disable all electronics (ships, planes, missiles) in a 100 mile radius and the Constitution was the only active ship in the fleet that could get close.

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gIJpzVizRko
Don't tell Mitt Romney.
My dad was somehow able to have his Air Force retirement on the deck of this beautiful ship. It was an amazing experience.
This whole thread is making me want to join the Navy.
plenty have fucked land targets up
not surprising. we haven't had an actual naval conflict between ships in a pretty long time.
And i know where it is parked right now ,and i helped it get back to working order. i feel proud.
We have a local sailor serving on that vessel.

Great source of pride, the ship and its sailors...

Is this old iron side right?
fallout 4 intensifies
I think that I just found that ship on Fallout 4.
USS Connie vs the HMS Victory 3 for 3 winner take all.

I want to see this.
Does this count old us world war 2 ships still active in other countries? Also what about our actions against Iran.. were those just kills by Aircraft or was the standard fired at a ship and sunk that ship decommissioned now? I am to lazy to google lol 
USS Greenville sank a Japanese fishing vessel...
Can anyone explain how this is done?:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Constitution#/media/File:Constitutionasbarracksship.jpg

Does it mean they built the housing on the ship or is it something easily removable?
I've seen a pirate vessel turned into small chunks that would disagree with that fact.  Unless we're counting only other state Naval vessels, and not pirates.
Well then you know what we have to do 
http://imgur.com/RuF33BP
This makes sense considering the move towards aircraft carriers in WW2. 
I'm going to be a philosophical here and do a quote I just made up, "Better to have the fear in your enemy before war as this sinks the entire navy without firing a shell!"
Sounds like a defense budget well spent...
She really is a true beauty, being flown around the Boston area by crazy robots and such https://i.ytimg.com/vi/QXB-ADcmGZs/maxresdefault.jpg (fallout spoilers)
The only ship *that is still in duty* that has sunk an enemy 'ship' aka not an enemy boat.
The only active ship in the US Navy that has sunk an enemy ship.

Which begs the question; how many active ships in the US Navy have sunk friendly ships?
I know it doesn't count as a warship but in 2011 I was on deployment onboard USS Momsen (ddg-92) doing anti pirate ops and we sank two pirate skiffs. One with the 20mm CIWS in surface mode and one with the 25mm chain gun. It was a pretty cool day. Side note nobody was killed, as the skiffs were abandoned after we fired warning shots with the 5" cannon.

http://www.komonews.com/news/local/115673054.html
Just another reason to always check the CarFax
Fallout 4. That is all.
And now it can fly. It's come a long way.
HMS Victory is still the flagship of the First Sea Lord of Great Britain, which counts as active military service.

She is, however, mostly a beautiful museum now.
Except for all of those sampling pirate ships we've been blowing out of the water recently....

Darn auto correct. Somali 
The ship is also the oldest commissioned warship in the world.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Constitution#/media/File:USS_Constitution_Sail200d.jpg
Fallout 4 nailed the use of the Constitution. 
The oldest ship I've been on is the USS Constellation in Baltimore Maryland. Our 7th Grade history teacher took us on a trip there. We got to tow the cannon and even fire it. The crew fired a blank cannon ball but even that was loud AF. After that we went to Fort McHenry.
Its debatable whether its still the same Constitution though.  The reason it's still seaworthy is that almost every single piece of the ship has been replaced multiple times.  It's basically the Ship of Theseus at this point.
I say thou just got their rumpuses returned to them.
TIL we still have sailing vessels as active members of the Navy fleet.
Been on that ship. When I was 3...
Was this during the Quasi War?
Whoaw, In the Netherlands we got allot of Replica's from 1600 to 1800 ships, but one being still active amazing.

I love hearing civilians (excl. vets) talk about US military readiness and strategy like they have a clue.  Think high school freshman.. who doesn't speak the native language.. and has a learning disability: that kid is not nearly as clueless.
It depends on what you call a ship.  Many of the Naval Vessels involved in the Iranian Oil Tanker conflict of the 80's are still active and they helped sink and bomb the small craft used by the Iranian navy.  Also Sadam's small navy was destroyed by our Naval Forces both in the 90's and in the 00's and some were destroyed using cruise missiles fired from naval vessels.
Probably because no other navy dares to challenge the US. We'd blow any ship out of the water almost immediately
So would the U.S. Navy operate the boat? I mean what do they look like while they sail? Are they in old civil war costumes or just wearing the modern uniform?
You're thinking of the ironclad years as a helicopter with missiles Oh, yeah, they definitely have defence against incoming airborne threats after missiles and other countermeasures have failed.
Fallacy. I've sunk a dozen ships.
Pretty sure there's some Coast Guard ships that have sunk some, though. 
Sure, but how much of the original ship has been replaced? And how much needs to be replaced before it is an entirely new ship?
You were looking it up because you were playing Fallout 4, weren't you?
ZSU-23-4's were used to target a ship as one of my computer desk.
I bet every part of that ship has been replaced at least once by now. Does that still truly make it the oldest ship if no original part remains? Paradoxes rock.
So the only people the US navy has fought are a bunch of pirates?
Our tax dollars at work, people.
I get the whole nostalgia and history factors, but oh my god, what a complete and utter waste of manpower to keep that thing operating.


What about the l. Ron flubbord? I herd he scienced a nothing to death
[deleted]
&gt; Retired from active service in 1881

Before I read that I thought it meant the ship remained a ship used in combat, but the last war it was in combat duty during was the Civil War. It's a ceremony ship now. 
"active"
Maryland pride, baby!
OMG the us Military is on such a rampage!
So no Navy ship has sunk any Somali pirate dinghy? That doesn't sound accurate
[Funny, I learned that a month ago] (https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3rjd6w/til_after_the_decommissioning_of_the_uss_simpson/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link)
She's gonna get a master's degree, in sucking my dick.
Have no active Navy vessels engaged against Somali pirates? I thought we've been involved in that. 
They say this treasure was found there
www.dmonti.com
I'm pretty sure the US Navy has sunk a few pirate ships in the last couple of years.
Yup USnavy so bad, can't sink a ship in 200 years. (super misleading title).
I'm not sure this is correct. I'm pretty sure the Hornet, all three enterprises, all of our destroyers in the Taffy 3 task force during ww2, and literally dozens of ships since then have sunk enemy vessels. I'm also positive that Wikipedia is not the source of any kind of learning. 
Wait I'm confused.  Active ship?  Don't we have a couple active ships currently?  Destroyers and aircraft carriers and what not?
I call Bullshit. We fought one of the biggest naval wars in our history against Japan. Was that really all aircraft doing the destruction?
[deleted]
&gt;if you ever encounter a pyrosome, it's not advised that you attempt to swim inside its hollow tube.

Okay.
http://nerdist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/Borg-Tube-FEAT.jpg
This reminds me how strange alien life would be if we ever found it. There is life here, in our oceans, that is barely recognizable as Earthly.
This is interesting and everything, but I'm too distracted by the pure funk of the tune in that video. That's a jam that quits for no one.

Edit: I particularly love the recorder solo.
I bet these scared the shit out of some sailors back in the day.
How is it possible I've gotten through nearly 40 years on this godawful planet and yet I've never heard of this creature before? Never ceases to amaze me that new wonderous things keep popping up. Still holding ouy hope for Nessie.
&gt;And while they appear to be a single organism, they are colonies of individual creatures that have banded together for a common purpose. Exactly how these massive colonies coordinate their behavior is still being studied, but researchers suspect they communicate through light signaling.

Reminds me of coral and sponges. Do we have colony-organisms like this on land?

The sea is where life originated. I'm always surprised about how little we know about it.
"Even more eerie, they are bioluminescent and will glow when touched — that is, if you're brave enough to swim up to one."

I'm not even brave enough to touch one on my screen.
It's an Alaskan bull worm!
Can we eat them?
&gt;while they appear to be a single organism, they are colonies of individual creatures that have banded together for a common purpose

So just like cells in an organism, but by the way they phrase it it's worse because individual creatures implies they can live outside the colony, too, so if you cut one of these things in half you'll just get two things!

&gt;Pyrosomes may also be immortal, in a sense. They reproduce by cloning, so the colony can regenerate injured parts. Though individuals in the colony die, the colony itself could theoretically live forever. 

Just great...
I'm sorry guys, I flushed a condom
Lekgolo worms?
These things also murder penguins:

&gt;According to one diver's account, a 6.5 foot specimen was once encountered with a dead penguin trapped inside. 

Swim without rythm or you'll attract a worm.
Well, that's just spoiled *The Abyss* for me.
They grow the *length* as a sperm whale. They do not grow as big as one. 
MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB! MUAD'DIB!
These are merely tentacles that have simply come from the nightmare corpse-city of R'lyeh. These are bits of floating tentacle broken from the great Old One who slumbers there.
This reminds me of the spongebob episode, after his house party with the jellyfish, where all the sea creatures linked up and started dancing and making music.
I knew it. It had to be Australia.
Wow a true TIL I have never seen this before
Reminds me of that one boss from the Water Temple in OOT. 
Do we need em?
Did that music make anyone else want to dance while shaking maraccas? No? Only me?
They can grow as big as a sperm whale  but only *may* exist?  What is this?
For some reason this horrifies me...
The spice must flow
You wanna know the craziest thing? Pyrosomes are chordates. They're our relatives! 
Another solid "may" title.
"The penguin had obviously swum in the open end of the tube then couldn’t turn –

&gt; it was jammed in the apex of the pyrosome and its beak was just poking through the colony matrix,"


it was jammed into what??
So many mouths. Such a vast amount of fish on an inflatable rope. 

" The picture here was captured by divers at the Eaglehawk Dive Centre in Tasmania, Australia"... Oooof course it was in Australia.
Now just imagine the weird shit we could find on Europa.

Half way through the title, my brain predicted that it was going to end up saying that the earth's oceans may be teeming with massive, hollow, worm-like entities made of whale sperm. 
This has to be the Inspiration behind Frank schatzlings The Swarm 
Looks like one of those wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube men. 
&gt;And while they appear to be a single organism, they are colonies of individual creatures that have banded together for a common purpose

Sounds reminiscent of the Hunters from Halo games. 
Guys, we know how to kill these from Ocarina of Time. Just attack the pink amoeba part with your longshot.
It's an Alaskan Bull Worm!
If you let the worm eat you, then the worm would have intestinal humans. 
Why is nobody on this thread answering the important question. What the fuck happens if you get inside of it.
So, like those scenes in Ponyo 
&gt; The picture here was captured by divers at the Eaglehawk Dive Centre in Tasmania, Australia.

Of course it's Australia. Home of all the terrifying things.
I know where they come from! The Abyss.
The best thing I got out of this was that fairy penguins exist:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_penguin
&gt;Even fairy penguins are quite strong

Come on, it's 2015
The reclusive Sea Condom.
Then again, the earth's oceans might NOT be teeming with massive, hollow, worm-like entities called pyrosome that can grow as big as a sperm whale. Scientists say, "Eh, it could be either one."  

More at 11.
So....the water temple....it's real?
This is terrifying.
Looks like the boss of the Water Temple from Ocarina of Time.
Its alway Australia with the weird animals. 
~1:00 on the video - looks just like a string of ghost fish that are trying to haunt the divers... 
The average mature Sperm Whale measures 53 feet. Pyrosomes are said to grow to at most several meters. That certainly doesn't sound "as big as a Sperm Whale to me".
Anybody know who wrote the music in the video?
Looking forward to when the Japanese try and catch one and eat it. 
well hello ocean, glad to see your still housing aliens.  
Interaquatic pyrosome powered bioluminescent colonial tunicate! 


Earth's oceans may also conceal R'lyeh, the dread city where Cthulu lay dreaming.
/r/natureismetal meets /r/natureisprogmetal
Clearly [sandworms](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnmQSCE8T5I&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1m26s)
I had an awesome professor in my marine and freshwater invertebrates class talk about these and the times he went diving with them. He said you can hit the side of them and they respond with bioluminescence, and was especially cool if you were looking down the tube of the body.  He was also the professor who was drunk in a lab as an undergrad and put his hand in a tank with a man-o-war.
May be?

The seas may be filled with prehistoric monsters and krispy kreme. It may.
This is why they tell you not to flush condoms.
&gt; Pyrosomes may also be immortal, in a sense. They reproduce by cloning, so the colony can regenerate injured parts. Though individuals in the colony die, the colony itself could theoretically live forever. 

To me this sounds like saying humans are immortal because Rome has persisted for so long. Can someone explain to me why I'm wrong and colony doesn't mean what I think it means?
never doubt the worm!
Is this legit? Or is this some kinda joke to see how many people will believe it?
Oh my god, ocean. Can you, like...fucking not?
Now Carter knew from a certain source that he was in the vale of Pnath, where crawl and burrow the enormous bholes; but he did not know what to expect, because no one has ever seen a bhole, or even guessed what such a thing may be like. Bholes are known only by dim rumour from the rustling they make amongst mountains of bones and the slimy touch they have when they wriggle past one. They cannot be seen because they creep only in the dark.
—H. P. Lovecraft, The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath.
Reminds me of the alien from The Abyss. 

http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_60A8zsWp2jY/TNuSLsO0AXI/AAAAAAAAAiU/ipxjzPZAAGc/s1600/abyss_water_face.jpg

Oceans?  No.  this is what I *know* is lurking in the deep end of every swimming pool.  I...don't swim much...
Come for the giant hollow glowing seaworm, stay for the music.
I think I killed one of these in the Water Temple.
This is my favourite sentence: "Pyrosomes may also be immortal, in a sense. They reproduce by cloning, so the colony can regenerate injured parts. Though individuals in the colony die, the colony itself could theoretically live forever."
Yay! Human beings are immortal, in a sense. Though individuals in society die, human society itself could theoretically live forever!
TIL about spermwhales
&gt;The picture here was captured by divers at the Eaglehawk Dive Centre in Tasmania, Australia. You can view the video footage from the encounter here:

Of course it was in Australia.
The Japanese are gonna have a field day with this
My interpretation of the title suggested that we weren't sure whether they existed or not. Not that we weren't sure whether they were super common or not.
Maybe,..maybe not 
Maybe,..maybe not 
I don't see how it's many organisms in one? 
DESTINATION

TRAJECTORY

AGREEMENT
First question how do they taste?
Massive, or hollow?
So Deep Rising?
Living Ships of Theseus.
Dat soundtrack
Of course it had to be Australia. 
I read that as "can grow *into* a sperm whale" and was so utterly dumbfounded. 
I remember seeing these in a GI Joe cartoon from the 1980s.
The music is the best part. 
http://youtu.be/jw3jMPjAcwg
That's what I've been trying to tell you!!!!!!
Pyrosomes? More like flying polyps.
You know, Earth's oceans.  Not to be confused with Mars' oceans.
Sounds cool but that poor penguin makes me sad lol...why didn't he just swim out the other end...swim happy feet swim!
Isn't pyrosome the genus? I thought it included things like Portuguese man o' wars and stuff like that. 

Edit: googled it. Portuguese man o wars are in the genus *Siphonophore* and are zooids just like organisms in the *Pyrosome* genus, meaning they're both actually colonies instead of single organisms. Calling the thing in the OP a pyrosome isn't necessarily wrong, but it's not the only thing that could be called a pyrosome. 
As big =/= as long
NOPE
Oh Jesus that's nightmare fuel.... 
The music in that video was the opposite of what the images made me feel. 
Felt like I was looking at discarded *Alien* designs to music from *The Little Mermaid*. 
You know they are rare, otherwise they would definitely already be an expensive menu item at any sushi place
Holy shit, that title reminds me of some cool [shit I drew](http://i.imgur.com/BNFQQxp.png) in MS Paint some time ago
Ahhh nature....I've seen this horror movie before...don't go near that thing.
&gt;massive

&gt;hollow

Uh..
I don't have a dick, but if I did I'd probably put it in it. For science of course.
Someone should fix that video, instead of being vacation and fun theming, with alien or terror theme
The happy music they added to the video just made it spookier.
All of God's mistakes are in the ocean.
Seadicks
I for one, welcome our new Cthulhu overlords 
That sounds like a good time
Like the wormy thing in Star Wars 😀
If they exists Im sure we are poisoning them with plastics and mercury.
That's really something out-of-this-world!!!  It will interesting to find out the origin of it.
&gt;according to NewScientist

Well, there goes any credibility for this being a real thing.
If that video is reliable, they have horrible taste in music. 
Everytime I see animals like this, I'm more convinced that moons like Europa and Enceladus *must* contain life.
Is that where my socks went?
Cthulhu! 
That's a whale's condom my friend!
From the description of them, it's pretty much the Human Centipede of the ocean.  
wow, never saw that before. We are still discovering so much about what’s in our oceans... 
For some reason I read the title as "the earth's core" so I thought we discovered some journey to the center of the earth type shit where these things lived in the center of the earth.  Which I thought was completely impossible and ridiculous.
real fake ore cgi dont care that is now my top underwater nope rope!
Reminds me of Morpha, the boss from the Water Temple in Ocarina of Time.

[Morpha](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/OmASLygDKUw/maxresdefault.jpg)
Why don't we see more of them then?
I haven't googled it, but the suggested links at the bottom about ghosts, Loch Ness, and volcano sharks do not inspire confidence in this site.
Australia.  Of course it is.
The ocean is both the scariest and fascinating thing.
&gt;the earth's oceans may be teeming with massive, hollow, worm-like entities called pyrosome that can grow as big as a sperm whale

Thanks, Obama...
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
Probably a new microorganism sent from space to replace humans in a couple millions years.
If only they could absorb CO2 and break down plastics. 
No one is asking the real question:

What does it taste like?
Someone should probably inform the lovely people over at r/thalassophobia 
This is why I don't go in the deep ocean 
&gt;Pyrosomes might look like giant sea worms, but they're actually hollow on the inside. And while they appear to be a single organism, they are colonies of individual creatures that have banded together for a common purpose. Exactly how these massive colonies coordinate their behavior is still being studied, but researchers suspect they communicate through light signaling.


So basically they are fiber optic cables? Fucking nature. So awesome. 
Keyword: may
r/thalassophobia
It may also be teeming with massive Lobsters (lobesters don't die of old age, they just keep getting bigger)
Read the article before saying /r/nope. 
How exactly are we not sure of this? I would imagine giant hollow worms would be fairly quick to spot, translucent or not.
Did I see multiple spinal branches in the third thing that looked like a bunch of clear fish mouthes glued together in the article's video? Sorry for the idiot description, the video didn't provide much info.
Pffffft, that's not a creature. Those are Cthulu's used condoms.
Soooo that weird ass water tube thing from The Abyss is real? The ocean is like a portal to a parallel universe where monsters exist 
http://www.wavyads.com/images/gr-blowing-attn-grabber.jpg
Sounds like something out of the [Abyss](http://www.standbyformindcontrol.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/the-abyss.jpg)
I was aware of siphonophores and colonies of small organisms that moved together, but giant worm structures? *Prolific* giant worm structures? That's fuckin cool. 
The music being played while watching that video could do nothing but make me feel good.
And the maw of the Great Cthulu stretched up from the sunken sepulcher of R'lyeh, ready to spread the fury of the Ancient Ones once more. 
looks like a massive siphoniphore. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siphonophorae
That's OK, I never wanted to go into the ocean anyhow
Fuck the ocean
Just like in G.I. Joe!!!!
That music....

Someone took their recorder lessons very seriously.
ALASKAN... BULL WORM
Spice must flow!
Can we eat them?
Are you sure that's not the sperm from the sperm whale?
http://i.imgur.com/PLhZkN4.jpg
[They can make faces, too!](https://weminoredinfilm.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/using-advanced-cgi-the-alien-probe-is-shown-entering-deep-core-to-investigate1.jpg)
So that's what fleshlights are made from!
This is why we should explore our own ocean more
MAYBE?!?! 
Great. More reasons for me to fear the oceans.
Don't touch my kids!
This is from the movie Europa. I'm convinced. 
Just another reason to stay out of the ocean.
FILLED.WITH.SCARY.SHIT!
League of legends is getting to far with the release of Illaoi
I knew it would be Australia I just knew it. What do you people put in the water. 
This is why my ass stays out of the ocean.
Good band name
Russian Water  tentacle?  Seriously nobody's mentioned this yet?
Reproduce by cloning?  Shit, even we can't do that.
I looks like that alien lifeform from abyss.
Hang on a sec while I nope right out of the ocean forever. No wonder we evolved so we could leave that place.
This looks like a discarded flappy guy from used car lots. 
Why does almost every video containing something Australian have pan flute in the music?
When giant, hollow tubes ruled the earth!
&gt;Tasmania, Australia

Did they even have to say it??
I'll ask what all the Japanese folks are thinking. What does it taste like?
I think I saw on Sphere. Aliens undersea. 
Wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man of the see
&gt;Pyrosomes may also be immortal, in a sense. They reproduce by cloning, so the colony can regenerate injured parts. 
think twice when removing plastic bags from the ocean
See, it's things like this that make me question people who enjoy swimming in the ocean. Our ancient ancestors spent Millions of years to leave the ocean because of things like that, and you want to go back? No thank you.
Great, another reason for me to never ever, EVER! swim in the ocean again.
The mighty nopeworm in its natural habitat.
&gt; Tasmania, Australia

.. 0% surprised.
I for one welcome our new Pyrosome overlords!
Rule 34
Now if only it can become a game of cat-and-mouse, with the parade route changing every year, revealed only at the last minute, so late that some of the floats get lost.
I prefer CBS's coverage over NBC's offical coverage. NBC's "parade" is lip-synched Broadway productions in front of Macy's department store, Al Roker interviewing celebrities promoting something or other, and plenty of commercials. CBS shows the actual parade, with every float, marching band and balloon.
They can cover it because it is a public event occurring on public property.   What they cannot do is call it the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade or reference Macy's during the telecast. The rights to use the name were given exclusively to NBC. 
The "incidents and injuries" section of that article is highly entertaining. For some reason, the Sonic the Hedgehog balloon seems to get punctured the most
Macy's hates the free publicity.
I'm still confused as how CBS is allowed to officially broadcast two broke girls.
Yes. You're not allowed to broadcast this public street CBS. Makes sense.
This also means any other station could just take over this event? ABC should do that 
Man no wonder it seemed so bad when I watched it for like 20 minutes this morning. After every 2 floats/balloons a commercial break would come on. 
I really miss the times they used to show the marching bands....as a (former) band geek, who turned into a band mom (kids have since graduated and moved on), that is the part I have always enjoyed the most. Growing up in NOLA, where parades are more interactive, the rest of Macy's seems rather boring...
&gt;Radio coverage is provided by CBS Radio-owned WINS

Radio coverage of a parade.  I'm having a hard time picturing that.
So, is the Macy's Day parade similar (albeit on a much larger scale) to our [Santa Claus Parade](http://www.thesantaclausparade.ca/)?

^^^Please ^^^forgive ^^^me ^^^for ^^^asking, ^^^I'm ^^^Canadian
Why do they care? If anything it benefits them because it's free exposure. 
Interestingly enough though, CBS's footage of the parade is protected by copyright 
If Macy gets to do its parade on a public street, they shouldn't have the right to complain about broadcast rights.
As pointed out in the Wikipedia's article the parade takes place in public therefore anyone can film and broadcast it.
That's funny.   CBS actually started an hour before the other stations

They rerouted it right past the CBS corporate headquarters though, which is where they broadcasted it from this year
The incidents on that Wikipedia page are making me chuckle lol.
"In 1991, the Kermit the Frog balloon collided with a tree, and his head deflated."

"In 2013, the Spider-Man balloon had his left arm become partially deflated after impacting a tree along Central Park. Sonic the Hedgehog also got his left hand caught on a lamp post, but it was freed, and one of the Buzz Lightyear balloon buggies ran over a female balloon handler, injuring her foot."
Macy's just needs to run a few Fuck CBS floats in the parade.
Well that explains why their coverage of it this morning was so terrible.

I just flipped the TV on and the parade just so happened to be there, I didn't even realize it was on CBS and not NBC until after 45 minutes of my mom and I complaining about it the whole time (dumb and inexperienced commemorators, no performances, etc.).
Should've lead with "NYPD stabs and stomps to death two participants in the 1997 Macy's parade, no charges filed."
Do people really care that much about parades?
Set up a bunch of cameras along the route and stream to YouTube?
Since when do you need official authorization to film something and commentate on it
And to think how regular people are persecuted for intellectual property violations of big corporations.  Why don't they sue CBS, like they would a regular joe?
Wait.  NBC is the official channel?  They don't even show the fucking Parade.  Just a bunch of PROMOS for their shit TV shows and Broadway musicals they put on
What a waste of helium.
I would dearly love a feed that just showed the marching bands' drum lines doing their thing. Don't give a fuck about floats but give me some drums all day. 
I'm happy they did, I don't get an NBC local HD station and it wasn't being played on the website for my area. Without them broadcasting it I'd probably have skipped it and that makes me sad.
Wait, people watch parades on TV?
Wouldn't the American approach be to sue them?
Is that why I only saw NBC show the performances and not CBS today?
I'm not officially authorized to jack it in the shower, but the law can't stop me
Hate NBC's coverage. As I always say... IF IT AINT MOVIN IT AINT A PARADE! 
I have never understood this. Parades are lame in person. 
Why the fuck would you want to watch a parade on tv. 

Just go outside and enjoy the world. Parades are lame. 
The only thing worse than watching a stupid parade filled with marketing garbage on TV would be watching it in person in New York City.  What a nightmare.
If you're going out of your way specifically to confound their attempts to film the spectacle you're putting on, don't put it on then. Make it a private parade indoors. Otherwise, if you want to block and choke our city streets with your parade, try and act like you want it to be seen.


Yes but why does one need to be authorized to cover it? It takes place out on the streets, and we have freedom of the press...
So much for the FCC cracking down on pirated content.
I think the other ones just arent funny.
This was very apparent with this years coverage. The commentary was hilariously terrible and their spot for footage wasn't the best. 
I was literally thinking of this today. I noticed that they didn't have great shots and weren't showing the singing and dancing 
Itt:pedantry
I have no love for either corporation. But it's pretty typical of them to cheat each other.
Did anyone else see the woodpecker take out the kid? 
Sydney Australia had a similar thing happen for the New Year Fireworks. One of the commercial networks had bought official exclusive hosting and broadcast rights, and one of the other (government) networks just started broadcasting the show on the basis it was news, and there's no copyright in facts/events.

It led to an extremely urgent injunction application but the second network won. It's one of the key copyright cases we learn about now. (Http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/cases/cth/federal_ct/1999/1864.html)
kind of surprising since they mention Macy's like 1000 times 
I just always assumed there were two different parades because two different networks had parade coverage at the same time.... hmmph... TIL.
Eff'in parade sucked..   Was nothing more than an extended ad for broadway musicals..  I didn't watch much.
Ok I'm an idiot. I just kinda figured that it was two different parades. I know there's the Macy's thanksgiving day parade and it's on nbc. I also know that there's got to be a few more parades around the country so I just figured that cbs was covering a different parade.

 I didn't watch the one on cbs and only caught a few minutes of the one on nbc so I just didn't put it together. 
to many commercials and all ads for some broad way BS... never watch anymore
If CBS can broadcast it for free, it seems like NBC is dumb to pay for the rights.
But its in a public place?
CBS doesn't show the performances on the main stage, only NBC and maybe that explains why.
Nothing like a passive-aggressive parade.
Because anything that doesn't conveniently occur in a two block radius of their studios is unlikely to be covered.
That explained why it sucked. I switched to nbc and my kids actually got to see the floats. 
Why would they make it more difficult for them to broadcast?
The real question here is "WTF is that thumbnail?"
sounds like the american thing to do
lawlz
TIL the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade is coordinated by hipsters.
Not and entirely appropriate show for a less exclusive event.
What do they care?
Nice.  I was wondering who paid for this parade and I suppose NBC kicks in something for being the official broadcaster but CBS just films it for free like anybody else very well could since its out there in public for all to have.  

This is kind of ironic in a way though.  I mean CBS (or really their affiliates) broadcasts its signal for free into the public but then charges cable companies and their subscribers for the retransmission of that free signal.  Maybe Macy's should copyright some part of the parade and sue CBS for infringement.
Same thing I remember from that show is now making me chuckle lol.
Well then you've never been to see more brouhaha and fisticuffs too.
Please forgive me for asking, I'm Canadian Based on that Wikipedia page are making me chuckle lol.
 If that's what you're into just watch on NBC
You are officially authorized to broadcast whatever the fuck you want if it's in a public space.
Watching it on HGTV is so much better.  No news anchors constantly yapping away, no special guests popping in to say hello, and no reporters down on the street interviewing people I don't know or care about.  They have two different booths set up, and they catch the start of the parade and when the parade turns the corner. Multiple angles.

And you can hear the marching bands play!!  I don't care about the balloons, I want to hear the music, goddamn it.  People practice their asses off to perform in this parade.  I don't need CBS to give me a play - by - play of something that's happening right behind them, especially when they could just shutup and film.

Fuck CBS.  I hope the parade organizers keep switching shit up on them.  They don't deserve to cover it.
Parade?  What parade?  Every time I tuned in there was just some static act lipsynching a popular or Christmas song.  Maybe my timing was bad, but I didn't see no **parade**.

TIL that Macy's is savage
Parades are stupid. Why are they still a thing?
It's all about money, rights, and power.  Macy's day parade...give me a break.  Can we not be done with this excessive consumerism?  1/3 of every show on TV is advertisement and the show you watch is generally advertisement itself.  Christ what happened
This answers my question from this morning when I tried to watch the parade, but it was some weird generic thing on CBS and there were no shows or celebrities or anything. I finally found the NBC broadcast and was relieved to find all of the over-produced, show-stopping cheesiness that gets my Turkey Day off to the right start every year.
The parade is dead to me since they retired Underdog.
I noticed something during the parade which I hope someone can answer...

On some of the floats, certain brand names were removed. I wonder why?

Like for instance, the Pillsbury dough boy had the blue circle on his hat, but it did not say "Pillsbury" in the circle. It was just a solid blue circle.
Doesn't this make it OK to pirate CBS's broadcasts?
they should ban niggers from the street

edit i mean gingers xD xD

nah i mean niggers fuck them all
This post title is incorrect, according to the Wikepedia info.
The changing of the route had Nothing to do with the CBS broadcast of the parade at all, the route was changed, first in 2009 and then again in 2012

"The City of New York said that the new route would provide more space for the parade, and more viewing space for spectators. Another reason for implementing the route change is the city's plan to turn Broadway into a pedestrian-only zone at Times Square.

Another new route was introduced with the 2012 parade. This change is similar to the 2009 route, but eliminated Times Square altogether.
Who the hell is watching anyway? Old people?

Come on. In a city where first graders get iPads, this parade nonsense is ridiculously outdated.
Corporate Advertising is big bucks. Keep the meat cart rolling, Americans eat this shit up! 
Corporate Advertising is big bucks. Keep the meat cart rolling, Americans eat this shit up! 
The parade is better in person. When you watch it on TV that takes away some of the production value.
TIL people watch parades on TV.
Corporate Advertising is big bucks. Keep the meat cart rolling, Americans eat this shit up! 
Who the hell is watching anyway? Old people?

Come on. In a city where first graders get iPads, this parade nonsense is ridiculously outdated.
Til=today I laughed.
Wow Macy's Have you always been a bundle of flaming twigs or is this something you have to work at?
&gt; It has been called the "modern national dish" by some, others claim it is "a piece of cardboard", "laziness in a box" and even "refrigerated evil".

That's hilarious. Refrigerated evil!
For anyone interested, here's the two #1 singles: 

[Respekt for Grandiosa](https://youtu.be/pIb-boiAnRM)

[Full Pakke](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uilDiHh0mg)
Dunkin Hills Coffee Jingle
TIL Norway has super low standards in pizza.
Norwegian here. I feel the need to clarify a few things. First of all Norwegians don't LOVE frozen pizza, but we do eat a lot of it. But people do that almost anywhere in the world where you can buy frozen food in a supermarket and people have an oven at home. I've never been to a supermarket in Europe or USA that didn't have frozen pizzas. BTW Norwegian pizza does not taste any better than anywhere in the world. Kinda tastes like cardboard.


So why does Norwegians eat so much frozen pizza. First of all it is really cheap. It takes no effort to make. Housewives are pretty much extinct in Norway and the number of people living alone is rising. Also labour is expensive in Norway, so restaurants and fast food in Norway is really expensive. Most small towns don't even have a pizza place, and if the do, a pizza will cost at least $20. A frozen pizza starts at $3. 


But, here is the real kicker. The fact that frozen pizza is popular has very little to do with the fact that the song reached #1 in Norway. The song "We Are Young" by Fun became extremely popular in USA after it was used in a Super Bowl commercial for Chevrolet Sonic. It stayed on top of the charts for seven week. But, you just can't say: "TIL that cars are so popular in USA that when a Chevrolet released a new commercial, it reached #1 on the US charts".


It's not exactly the same, but none of my friends has ever listened to frozen pizza music. But, I'm ashamed to say that most people I know eats it from tome to time.
I mean I think it comes out of the oven hot, but by the time it is delivered it has frozen. People just got used to it.
It's not too bad when it's on sale...

And it's 40% off at Coop Obs! this week. Just a heads up to my fellow norwegians.
It's not delivery, it's Bon Jovi.
I'm not too surprised, I can't turn on the radio without hearing a song about a Jeep Renegade.
Isn't all pizza in Norway frozen?
VI SNAKKER LØRDAGSPIZZA!
Totally reminds me of demolition man.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVYArjS-Ee0
Frozen pizza is so popular in Norway due to the fact that it's so ridiculously expensive to go to a pizza restaurant to eat. Eating pizza at a pizza restaurant is a about twice as expensive (in the relative sense, in the absolute sense three times as expensive) in Norway compared to in for example Sweden.
Grandiosa drops some pretty hot tracks:

[Respekt for Grandiosa] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIb-boiAnRM)

[Full Pakke] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PepbOWB3fL4)

I fucking love those pizzas.

One time, while living in Lillehammer, I was absolutely smashed at my apartment and making one of these that we won at a frozen pizza eating contest at the local bar.


I proceeded to drop the damn thing as I was pulling it out. Luckily I caught, and saved it, but back of my hand was on the oven door. 


Somehow, still not sure exactly the logistics, it burned what appeared to be a 7th graders version of a dick and balls that you draw on your friends binder when they aren't looking, onto the back of my hand.


But the pizza was delicious. Although no one could talk to me without laughing for weeks due to the dick and balls on my hand.


Goddamn I am about to relapse on frozen pizza so bad. 
I know it's Swedish, but "the girl with the dragon tattoo" never stopped eating billy pan pizzas 
The pizza in general is referred as "cardboard"-pizza. Somehow it's the most bought store pizza. And the song, that was a one time thing.
I hope Norwegians don't get offended, but I got the same impression in Sweden. I was at a meeting in a university and it was time for lunch, so 10 or so of us ask the locals what they eat for lunch. They say, "hmm, frozen pizza". 

I think, "ugh, there's 10 of us, it's going to take ages to get the pizza and cook it". Well, it turns out they had a vending machine with frozen pizza and a fucking *wall* covered with microwave ovens. 

These guys are really pros at frozen pizza, and it wasn't bad either.
Can confirm. Norwegians love their pizza songs. Source: Me being norwegian.

Prime example of awesome pizza song:
[Grandiosa "Lørdagspizza" (Saturdaypizza)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NYGi0cOF6E)


[We tried this in America and it didn't take.](http://youtu.be/2lPX5b9m7ro)
Do you folks like pizza?   
*Real* pizza,     
From the hills of Napoli?  

Grandiosa awake you  
From A Thousand Deaths.  
A cup of reddened blood.  
(Die, Die)  
You're dying for a slice.  

Prepare For Ultimate Flavor!  
You're Gonna Get Some... **now**  

It is no wonder when our culinary specialty is a cooked sheep-head called "Smalahove"

Link for the curious: https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smalahove

[Was it this one? #1 in my heart.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So50EUl8wbc)
...that's because delivery pizza costs about thirteen barrels of North Sea crude...
As a Norwegian I can honestly say that this "grandiosa" pizza taste like cardboard an plastic
Frozen pizza in Norway is much better than some other countries frozen pizzas. Having been in Australia I can easily say that their frozen pizzas are mostly shit.

But like you'd expect, pizzas from restaurants are better, though they're also significantly more expensive.


http://youtu.be/QheUzGqZDtg
That's nothing compared to the [Duncan Hills Coffee Jingle](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VFURd_EOIuU)
it's hardly fair to call them "jingles"; they were legit songs made by a legit music artist. They just happened to be about that pizza.
The Lonely Island and Norah Jones released a song about chex mix a while back that got pretty big. 
It's Norway. All pizza is frozen pizza.
Lørdagspizza and Big One Pizza .. takk Norge :D
Full pakke!
A society that respects pizza, frozen or not, is a good society.
Meh.  I'd rather spend $4 on a pizza frozen pizza then $16 on a delivery pizza.  Delivery might taste a little better, but throw on the right things and that frozen pizza tastes pretty damned good.
I mean, from the photo, it looks like something I'd take over Pizza Hut or Domino's any day.
It is really laziness in a box. After a 9 hour work day, that cardboard box of [Grandiosa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grandiosa) seems really friendly. The taste is rather disapointing, but if you throw some extra cheese and the last remaining piece of dignity on it, not to bad.
I love cheap food and silly music. Norway is alright by me.
When you consider many/most of Norway's other culinary options, it's not surprising they'd get excited about frozen pizza. 
It's cause a regular pizza at a pizza shop costs about 50 bucks.
Isn't all pizza frozen in norway?
With a population only just over 5  million, Norway is pretty over-represented on Reddit. I'm okay with it.
Pizza is a one kinds of bread, it's spicy and test, good for health
WHAT? What are the fucking odds for this?! We saw this commercial in school today, and it reminded me of [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIb-boiAnRM), so I watched the video. Then I saw a comment saying "le reddit army" and was confused, so I searched reddit for "norwegian pizza" and this comes up. 18 hours ago. What are the god damn odds.
It reached number one in the charts because it was catchy as fuck. 
#1 in Norway?  It's #1 in my heart.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lPX5b9m7ro
Don't they love everything frozen in Norway?
Tbh it is not that good.. Dr. Oetker ftw
i think norwegians prefer the term "Room temperature pizza"
I went to folkehogskole in Grong back in 2010, me and my friend broke into the school kitchen through an unlocked window almost every night that year to cook these for late night gaming snacks. 

I can confirm that Grandiosa pizza is serious business.
I figured they would just have to call it pizza. Frozen anything in Norway seems a little redundant
A similar story, an advertising agency created jingles for Old Home Bread. A man by the name of Fries created the character M. C. McCall, who sang about a truck driver. It inspired the song Convoy, cowritten by Chip Davis, of Manheim Steamroller. Which led to the movie by the same name.
"Vi snakker ekte kjærlighet!"
Now I have the triple dent gum song in my head 
I am having *leftover* frozen pizza for dinner and suddenly I do not feel bad about it all.

Thanks Norway!
That one random comment I know because my boyfriend is Norwegian. &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; /u/LePure 
I guess most pizza jingles are better than the average black metal band.
lol Would Reddit also be amazed that Norwegians LOVE tacos and have "Taco Fredag/Friday."  

I've been learning Norwegian for the past year for fun,  AMA about Norge.
Well, to be fair, it's a really good track.
Too be fair, the jingle was written by a quite popular song-writer, and  the jingle got popular because it was catchy as hell.
As a student this is basically my diet.
As if the dirt on top of the towns in the freezer, when we were 12 and had LAN parties these where amazing.
Didn't this partially inspire the pilot of Metalocalypse?
Here is a compilation of the best times to eat grandiosa
 https://youtu.be/cIEU2yr12fo
I will share good pizza place in Norway serve great pizza.
Norwegian here, can confirm. I still remember the tune and lyrics of both those songs, and I eat frozen pizza at least three times a week.
Heggie's frozen pizza here in Minnesota is hands down the best frozen pizza I have ever had.
TIL my love of frozen pizza is genetic.
I thought the hot dog song was the number one song? 
For everywhere else that there's not permafrost it's just regular pizza tho
Pizza in the morning, pizza in the evening, pizza at supper time!
Is it the same in Sweden? Because that would explain one of my biggest pet peeves with The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo books.
Norway. The only country where power metal songs and commercial jingles are chart-toppers.
My spirit animal
Life imitates Demolition Man
Man bake at home pizza is the lowest 
Pizza in the morning? Pizza in the evening? Pizza at suppertime? When pizzas on a bagel, you can eat pizza anytime?
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFURd_EOIuU)
Honestly I can't tell what pizza is supposed to be good or not. I have had a lot of different pizza in my life, from frozen to restaurant and it all tastes good.
In Australia we love Train Station Safety so much we lost our bikkies over a jingle.  Ever youtube  "dumb ways to die"? So i don't throw stones. ..
Norwegians seems to be into just about everything that's frozen. Maybe that's why they live in Norway
Unleash your inner-viking...with Jack's Pizza. 
Is this why Lisbeth Salander was always eating Billy's Pan Pizza?
So, who's with me in cornering the Norwegian frozen pizza market? 
I like frozen pizza better than anything I've had in a restaurant. And I've had some pretty high class pizza...
What about fresh pizza?
What's a new jingle?
Isn't everything frozen in Norway? :)
So it's basically Norway's Kraft Dinner?
I *need* a new pizza jingle in my head. I'm still plagued by "nine six seven eleven eleven...call Pizza Pizza, hey hey, hey" and I left Toronto in 1998.
Man, if they love frozen pizza that much just imagine if they had a hot one! Ba-dum-tsss!
Fun fact: The reason there are bell peppers on Grandiosa is because bell peppers were introduced on the Norwegian market only a few years before, so the producers tried to commercialize on this new bell pepper fad 
It happened twice? Why doesn't the post title mention that?
ikea has frozen pizza too.
It's super popular in Denmark too! Maybe it's a Scandinavian thing. 
Perhaps the women will find that attractive. frozen pizza still costs like 6-7 dollars.
Europe has great pizza and chill You're not supposed to apply the same thing.
Rema 1000 has started selling them for 25 NOK permanently Probably just the regular pizza, chop up some spring onions, mushrooms and black olives.
How is their pizza compared to ours?
Frozen pizza is one of my favorite home made lunches. All the more reason to move to norway.
It's the same name.
i am dumb i was thinking they eat frozen pizza
Black metal and frozen pizzas. My life in two things.
They released a single not a 'jingle' which is usually one or two lines and under 15 seconds.
A frozen pizza Step 3 - ???????? Step 4 - Profit It's not delivery, it's Bon Jovi.
great quote from this article:

&gt; The reason for its popularity is that it is a Norwegian product, that it is easy to make, and, according to some,[who?] that it tastes nice.

they couldn't even find a single source. 
I was so weirded out when lizbeth salander (the girl with the dragon tattoo) always ate 7-11 pizzas. 
It's not Digono
Read the title as "unpopular" and almost cried.
You know where else pizza is popular? The rest of the planet. 
I spend about 15 days in Norway every year. And the rest of the time randomly wishing I had a Grandiosa in the fridge.

And that Peppes would decide to expand to my part of the world (not bloody likely) That chain is the bomb!
I wonder if the same thing happens with whale blubber jingles ?
Well, it's not like they can get any other kind.

^^It's ^^^fucking ^^^cold ^^^^in ^^^^Norway.
So disappointed to not see a single "Everyday's great at your Junes" reference.
Every pizza in Norway is frozen pizza.
til im norwegien
Isn't all pizza in Norway frozen pizza?
I knew Norwegians didn't mind the cold but damn, FROZEN pizza?
Northern Europe.  Front page.
I have a feeling most of you don't realize how amazing Grandiosa is compared to any other frozen pizza.
Frozen pizza in Norway is just pizza that exists in Norway.
Isn't all pizza in Norway frozen? 
Now to find a service they will send Norwegian frozen pizza's to the US. I want one of each of their brands. Which ones the Digorno, which is Red Baron and which is Toni's? The quality comparison must be known.
I love Tombstone pizzas. I can eat an entire one by myself. Possibly two. 
I think I'm just gonna move to Norway now.
Fucking Grandiosa
I have found my people.  How hard is it to immigrate to Norway?
You guys should try emil's or lotsa motzza. Fuckin A!
Nothing like some red barone
I have never had good frozen pizza.
Damn I'm hungry...
I prefer my pizza cooked.  But Norwegians do like living in the cold so...frozen pizza.
Pizza in the morning
There was a song like this in Finland as [well](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5m6GCNqwY8)
What makes frozen pizza so popular in norway? (a) The fact that it is soo cold outside noone wants to go to the shops, or (b) The frozen pizza is really good.

I'm more interested to know if they have good frozen pizza (does that even exist).  Unless it is norway and everything is frozen.
i imagine everything is frozen in norway
It's like demolition man all over again!
DiGiorno and their rising crust pizza would take over the market if given a chance.  It doesn't have the cardboard quality people keep mentioning.
Til frozen pizza is so popular in my household that I gained 25 lbs this year.
This was a thing that started in the nineties and continued out into the 2000. It's calmed down now with people becoming more health conscious.
They don't make sherbet in Norway.
I can only imagine what all time masterpieces of music it must have knocked out of 1st place.
Billy pan pizza
Well, that's something of the distopian future of the 'Demolition Man' movie.
First thought was of [this](http://kyleehenke.tumblr.com/post/90515671875).
it was a really good jingle though.
Not shitting you bro, Norwegians are insane when it comes to frozen pizza. I remember when a store had a 50% off-offer and you almost get stabbed for walking close to the store
Grandiosa (the brand in question) also had a hit single in Finland back in 2007. "Pizzaperjantai", translated to "Pizza Friday". One of the most infamous jingles here. It topped the charts too. 



On the pizza itself, it's really not that bad. I think that frozen pizza isn't that terrible, it's just a different experience from the real thing. Or then my taste is just terrible.




So, when these commercials were running on TV and in the cinema I was working at a place that made and distributed commercials. Part of my work was to sit alone in a movie theater watching every single ad to see if anything was broken. (Sound, picture, out of sync). I've seen these ads so many times I almost killed myself. We're talking probably around 1000 times. 
It's fucking amazing.
The perfect winter meal...Grandiosa and LINIE Aquavit...Oh I miss Norway :~(
[.](http://pastebin.com/tzzSThYB)
An article that touches on the issues with food in Norway http://www.hja.no/fresh-food-in-oslo/
Expat in Norway here. 

Norwegian like to eat dinner around 16:40 to 17:00. They pick up the kids around 16:00 so that gives them around 40 mins to get home and have dinner ready. Fast reheated dinner is very common. Fish pudding, meatballs, nuked pizza etc. 
Well..We do have Domino's in Oslo now..things might change.
It was so popular because you can just store the frozen pizza outside in a shed. This way you only have to go to the store once a winter.
Reminds me of the jingle episode of Bob's Burgers. 
https://youtu.be/hVYArjS-Ee0?t=19s
I just visited Oslo for the rest of the charts for seven week.
If that pizza jingle was number one....... the real question is what was number 2? 
Demolition man jingles starting here
The innocence of a nation!
woww nice (Y)
I 

Love 

Pizza
Anyone know what they taste like? Anyone have an American equivalent? 
As a Norwegian, this is extremely embarrassing
Heeey! Currently in Norway with my husband, we had some Grandiosa!
Also in Norwegian, Texas is a word for crazy.  I learned that from a Norwegian pizza place's commercial.

Helt Texas!
So you think you've had a piece of pizza.....NO, NOT LIKE THIS!!!
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3tzca4?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
(1) [Grandiosa Full Pakke](https://youtube.com/watch?v=7uilDiHh0mg) (2) [Respekt for grandiosa](https://youtube.com/watch?v=pIb-boiAnRM)|[137](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxakbq3?context=10#cxakbq3) - For anyone interested, here&amp;#39;s the two #1 singles:   Respekt for Grandiosa  Full Pakke 
[Grandiosa - full pakke](https://youtube.com/watch?v=PepbOWB3fL4)|[23](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxakwnf?context=10#cxakwnf) - Grandiosa drops some pretty hot tracks:  Respekt for Grandiosa  Full Pakke 
[Kollektivet: Music Video - ÆØÅ (Size Matters)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=f488uJAQgmw)|[12](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxask21?context=10#cxask21) - This explains it all. 
[Ore Ida Pizza Bagel Bites Commercial - (1997).mpg](https://youtube.com/watch?v=So50EUl8wbc)|[12](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxai0xx?context=10#cxai0xx) - Was it this one? #1 in my heart. 
(1) [Livet er for kjipt - Lars Kilevold](https://youtube.com/watch?v=5WtaTOq9Z3k) (2) [Ute til Lunch - Lars Kilevold](https://youtube.com/watch?v=o9DIDJbZxg4)|[8](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxarp8c?context=10#cxarp8c) - while we&amp;#39;re at it, this is the song that made the guy famous in Norway many many years ago.  His one other hit (a two hit wonder, before the Grandiosa songs), Ute Til Lunch (Out For Lunch) is probably the reason why he got the Grandiosa thing...
(1) [Grandiosa - Pizza Perjantai](https://youtube.com/watch?v=mo9XPKMqawE) (2) [Grandiosa Pizzaperjantai -biisi](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Q5m6GCNqwY8)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxar7kq?context=10#cxar7kq) - Grandiosa is also sold in Finland (and Sweden too?) and they had a localized jingle for us Finns too...  Complete version of the finnish jingle.  Also can confirm that half fabricated food is a big business. Source: I eat predominantly frozen foods a...
[The Andy Griffith Show - The Beginning Theme Song.avi](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Lli9ABUFZCU)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxaog61?context=10#cxaog61) -   the perfect mix of catchy and forgettable for like 95% of people 
[TOTINO BOY!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=2lPX5b9m7ro)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxaqx6m?context=10#cxaqx6m) - We tried this in America and it didn&amp;#39;t take. 
[Turbonegro - The Age of Pamparius + Lyrics](https://youtube.com/watch?v=QheUzGqZDtg)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxaphoi?context=10#cxaphoi) -  
[Dethklok - Duncan Hills Coffee Jingle (full version)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=VFURd_EOIuU)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxaovvr?context=10#cxaovvr) - I&amp;#39;d say it&amp;#39;s exactly Dethklok. 
[Grandiosa - ViSnakkerEkteKjærli ghet](https://youtube.com/watch?v=cIEU2yr12fo)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxatprl?context=10#cxatprl) - Here is a compilation of the best times to eat grandiosa   
[People singing commercials ("Demolition man" society)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=hVYArjS-Ee0)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxauj5b?context=10#cxauj5b) - Totally reminds me of demolition man.  
[Grandiosa HelmaX](https://youtube.com/watch?v=p09ld00Jzxc)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxau1gs?context=10#cxau1gs) - You forgot the HelmaX song 
[Afrika Bambaataa - Renegades of Funk](https://youtube.com/watch?v=yYzakWz3JxU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxavarp?context=10#cxavarp) - They&amp;#39;re brilliant filmmakers, but the song is called &amp;#39;Renegades&amp;#39;, not &amp;#39;Our Favorite Film is A.I.&amp;#39; Maybe if they were included in a longer list of &amp;quot;renegades&amp;quot; it wouldn&amp;#39;t bother me so m...
[Mike Bobrinskoy - Alexandra](https://youtube.com/watch?v=SyA5gzqA3nU&amp;t=498s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tzca4/_/cxatdir?context=10#cxatdir) - it&amp;#39;s not as catchy as Swiffer Sweepers though 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Over there they just call it "pizza"
Frozen everything is popular in Norway, that's because its Norway, and everything is frozen.

Right? I mean I'm just guessing but it makes sense to me.
Napolian Hunger

A Storm in the Northern Crisp

Pizza Moon

Ow, Lord of Burnt Palet

I Am The Little Ceasers

In League with Sicilian


Wow only in 'MURICA. It's a fucking song about pizza. You guys are one Fat dumb fucking country.
Demolition Man isn't too far off. 
Norway has taken the next step towards becoming San Angeles. Are they teaching their prisoners knitting in cryoprison as well?
Looking at it reminds me of Totino's Party Pizza.

    In a bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water, and mix in sugar. Proof for ten minutes, or until frothy. Mix in the salt, olive oil, and flour until dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Turn onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth, about 8 minutes. Place dough in a well oiled bowl, and cover with a damp cloth. Set aside to rise until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch down, and knead in garlic and basil. Set aside to rise for 1 more hour, or until doubled again.
    Preheat grill for high heat. Heat olive oil with garlic for 30 seconds in the microwave. Set aside. Punch down dough, and divide in half. Form each half into an oblong shape 3/8 to 1/2 inch thick.
    Brush grill grate with garlic flavored olive oil. Carefully place one piece of dough on hot grill. The dough will begin to puff almost immediately. When the bottom crust has lightly browned, turn the dough over using two spatulas. Working quickly, brush oil over crust, and then brush with 2 tablespoons tomato sauce. Arrange 1/2 cup chopped tomatoes, 1/8 cup sliced black olives, and 1/8 cup roasted red peppers over crust. Sprinkle with 1 cup cheese and 2 tablespoons basil. Close the lid, and cook until the cheese melts. Remove from grill, and set aside to cool for a few minutes while you prepare the second pizza.
But do they know how to use the 3 seashells?
[I'll eat whatever this Norwegian girl is having.](http://img.pandawhale.com/169562-Emilie-Nereng-Voe-hot-split-to-UPrt.jpeg)
Step 1 - Move to Norway  
Step 2 - Release music video featuring frozen pizza  
Step 3 - ????????  
Step 4 - Profit
[deleted]
That is so Texas
TIL Norwegian music blows
This is anti dethklock.
In the northern parts of Norway, I would assume that it came out of the oven, and they stick it outside for a couple minutes to freeze


I fucking love Red Baron.
&gt; Sony BMG initially denied that the rootkits were harmful. It then released, for one of the programs, an "uninstaller" that only un-hid the program, installed additional software which could not be easily removed, collected an email address from the user, and introduced further security vulnerabilities.

That's so fucking scummy words can't even describe it.
When originally confronted on the ethics of their rootkit installs, a Sony rep insisted it was all above board because a vast majority of users don't even know what a rootkit is.
I remember this because I bought the album pictured (Nothing is Sound by Switchfoot) and I read a post by the bassist warning about the root kit along with detailed instructions on how to circumvent it. Sony was really unhappy about that IIRC.
I wonder if they realize how much damage they did themselves. I used to really respect that brand and owned a lot of Sony gear, since aged out. Just today I saw a LifeHacker article about TVs (which I'm in the market for). Their pick was a Sony, and I noped right outta there because of this very thing. Not that I think they're going to rootkit my TV, but who knows *what* they'd pull. 
I remember trying to rip Switchfoot's "Nothing is Sound" (the album pictured in the thumbnail) and seeing that bullshit about Sony etc.  It's still the only SF album that's not in my iTunes.
I returned my new sony computer to Costco over this.  The customer service lady looked at my dad and me with puzzlement as we tried to explain that Sony pre-installed some sort of virus-type thing on it.
This is why I stopped buying any Sony product then, and remain boycotting them even now.
First thing I thought of after reading about the Sony hack last year. Them chickens came home to roost like a muther didn't they Sony? 

Still won't buy their products because if it. 
This is the reason why there are no newer Sony devices in my house.  Or my mom's.  Or my fiance's parents.
You know you are getting old when what seems to you like a recent event is reported as history. 
Might have been earlier than that in Australia. 

It killed the hard drive in my laptop, ripping my own legitimately-purchased CD to iTunes.
More corporate scumbaggery. We shouldn't expect anything else.
How can using *open source* software infringe copyright?
This rootkit thing turned me off buying anything made by Sony. This rootkit thing was so low end.
I was one of those hit with the rootkit.  I haven't purchased a single Sony product since (with the possible exception of a CD or DVD on very rare occasions) and I've bought lots of electronics.
/r/privacy 
I used to belong the to Sony/BMG music club.  I loved getting their sign up deals, getting ten CD's for nothing, then quitting.  Six months later I'd rejoin. 

I always thought that I would've been the prime target for their rootkit.  I never saw anything unnatural happen to my computer of the time.

I've still got a number of those era CD's on a shelf.  

Would I still be in danger?
I owned one of the rootkit discs.  When they settled the class action, I sent in the infected disc and got a check for $50 and a replacement CD minus the rootkit.
I distinctly remember trying to play a cd from sony music circa 2005 and some kind of drm software installing automatically on my pc. Is this what the article is about?
This is one of the many terrible things Sony has done with your money. Don't give Sony your money.
Well, at least Sony now has empirical evidence of someone who listens to Screamo, Fin-metal, and James Taylor in quick succession. 
The band 'acceptance' would have been great if sony didnt fuck them over so bad. Didnt even buy them dinner first.
What big company doesn't try to fuck over its customers?  


I remember this, I think it started with the Hail to the thief album by Radiohead. 
Well, this and the multiple times that their online services for their Playstation networks getting hacked and tons of customer data being leaked, it's kind of telling that they have no idea of what their doing in terms of security and they're nothing more than script-kiddies putting rootkits on their CD's. 
He is given credit on the Wiki page, but I don't see it mentioned here in these comments:  props to Mark Russinovich for discovering Sony's rootkit and bringing it to light.  Mark is the guy behind the Sysinternals suite of Windows utilities.  He developed these tools because the ones Microsoft included were lacking, and released them for free.  They were so good that Microsoft eventually bought out his company.  The utilities are still incredibly useful more than a decade later! 

[Sysinternals Suite](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb842062.aspx)
1. Boycott Sony (that includes Blu-rays too, so that's good)
2. Install an OS that doesn't automount and autoexec crap on untrusted external media
3. Format new drives yourself before mounting them
"For the players"
Lucky I haven't bought a Physical CD since 1998! Sony 0-1 Me
Yes, if you left your AutoRun enabled and didn't hold down shift while inserting a CD.  It was pretty easy to circumvent.
This is why - to this day - i feel i can commit no sin to sony. 
Where's the uninstaller? 
What I'm interested in is, was it a firmware rootkit? The article doesn't provide a definitive answer. If it wasn't, then it's more evidence that wiping your computer's disk when you get it is a good idea.
may we never forget! 
.. and I've disliked Sony ever since and refuse to put a music CD into any PC I own.
How can you infringe copyright on open source software? 
There was also a virus or worm that exploited the rootkit to infect machines without visibility to AV. 
I knew about this, but I didn't know they used open source software. that's pretty funny 
And it also helped other malware distributors conceal their malware since it concealed _all_ files with a certain naming, not only the Sony malware files.



Never forget - never buy from Sony.
Yes but because 22 million computers were hacked, everyone went to jail. Some made it out of the country, but remained in exile for years. 

Oh, wait. Sony is a corporation. My bad. Nothing like that happened. At all.
Standard Oil NewYork. 
You guys are surprised that Rockefeller and company are screwing people over?
That's ok Sony got hacked.
When originally confronted on the ethics of their rootkit installs, a Sony rep insisted it was all above board because a vast majority of users don't even know what a rootkit is.
to anyone with a clue ( not you Windows users ) here is the link to the source code that rips DVDs and CD's and it was this guys code that was stolen by SONY and Toshiba. see http://sourceforge.net/projects/schilytools/files/?source=navbar
i bought a stand alone bluray drive for my pc. after a year i got a message that the software that came with it was no longer supported and i needed to buy a new program for at least $60. Fuck Sony with a chainsaw.
It's a funny title since this was the first famous rootkit, so if you didn't already know about it you probably don't know what a rootkit is.

Interesting side note, the software was very good at hiding itself.  Once discovered, that part of the software was used rampantly to hide bot programs for online video games.  Most online video games scanned memory to check for other programs running.  The Sony software would not show up in these scans, and was used to hide the cheats and bots from online game detection.
"For the players"
Bastards! 
I hate to break it to OP, but you can used open source code in whatever you like.  That's the whole point.
If anyone has any misconceptions about how bad the state of surveillance is today, consider that Sony is just one company that managed to worm its way on to 22 million computers 10 years ago. States have been doing the same thing at a higher level and it's been 10 years. 
You forgot the best part where it opened the door for other malware to hide in the mess it made. 
Seriously, fuck Sony, I can't believe how much shitty stuff they've down and they still get away with it. 
This comes up like 6 times a year 
Did they get sued for copyright infringement?
If Sony were a person, he would have been put in jail for a *really* long time for this act. Like, thousands of years. I, on the other hand, express my disapproval by not giving Sony my money.
How does copying open-source software infringe copyright?  As long as Sony followed the license terms, it's perfectly legal to use open-source software in for-profit (or for-anything) programs.
Yep.  The "powers that be" were all slow on the uptake regarding paying for what you want, rather than paying for an album that had only 1 or 2 good songs (which, of course, meant no one paid for those at all and got what they wanted via friends or networks ala Napster and Kazaa in the day).
I see a common statement in this thread "Sony damaged their company..etc." but I have also seen a trend; all of these major corporations do shady shit like this all the time, and it makes them more rich/powerful. Sure you get a brief moment (months/days/etc) of the corporations stock dipping but they get away with it, little by little, no repercussions that are enough to warrant a learning experience. 

These big companies/corporations look at these things as a risk, and if it was worth the cost. it might have killed their computer division but imagine the information (power) they got from all of that information and in the end they are still one of the most powerful corporations in the world. 

Its sad that we see these things and complain about them, instead of putting up safeguards to stop them from happening again.
TIL this subreddit makes me feel old. This was huge news when it happened. It feels like someone posting "TIL George W Bush's father was also president!" - it's one of those things that for anyone over a certain age really ought not to be something they're learning for the first time...
Like I really needed another reason to say "fuck Sony."

Source: IAmA former loyalist
Bruce Schneier's insight was that Sony approached high-profile anti-virus vendors and asked them to provide safe passage for the rootkit — which they did!

The malware infected half a million computers over roughly ~17 months before McAfee, Symantec and Microsoft came out with half-baked patches and started backpedalling[1].

--
1. 
[Sony's DRM Rootkit: The Real Story](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2005/11/sonys_drm_rootk.html)

Makes me smile that Sony is losing money hand over fist. 

Worst electronic device I owned was my Sony Vaio. 3 months hard drive failed, took a month to get back. RAM started fucking up and needed windows re installed every 3 months or so. It performed like shit, laggy and crashed often. 

After 11 months I threw it against the wall and got a macbook. 
[deleted]
And this is why my dad will never buy Sony, and I am an Xbox guy.
Yep.  The "powers that be" were all slow on the uptake regarding paying for what you want, rather than paying for an album that had only 1 or 2 good songs (which, of course, meant no one paid for those at all and got what they wanted via friends or networks ala Napster and Kazaa in the day).
And intentionally never gave Sony another dollar since.
And that's why I'm never buying shit. Not gonna support this scum, or any, really.
r/StallmanWasRight
* 22 mio &gt; CD's &lt; !
Yeah, this is one of the nastier things that came out of that era between when digital distribution became a possibility and companies decided to actually use it to sell shit rather than cling to their old business models. 

In the end, the companies at the forefront of using the internet as a means of legal content distribution (Apple for music, Valve for PC games, Netflix for video) made a *shitload* of money from it, while the old guard that was generally too busy trying to sue and DRM their way back to their old revenue has been scrambling to pick up the scraps.
I'm not condoning anything that Sony has done. It's what happens when you own multiple businesses: music, movies, video games and electronics. They become a conflict of interest. The studio made the movie which then was sold as a DVD or Blu-Ray which was then converted to another format to view elsewhere and they didn't get a cut of that. Same with music, they spent millions marketing an artist, sold a CD and now it's converted to another format and they didn't get a cut. They were very upset about this. It's a corporation and a corporation's sole goal is profit. They are greedy by nature, so next time you hear the term "Corporate Greed", smack that person, it's what corporations do at all costs. It all collapses on itself eventually and sometimes they learn from it. 
Really funny that it came up here on Reddit now, just learned about this in last weeks IT-Security class =D
I'm glad we have corporate overlords "helping" entertain us
Since then I haven't bought any Sony product at all, and I even sold what I had from Sony.

But a Sony movie, if I like I will pirate of course..
This caused me to never again buy Sony electronics.

Doing what they did was bad enough, but they then denied that it was done. When that didn't play out well, they denied that they were collecting data. When that was proved false, they then said that they weren't really paying any attention to what that data was - which was also untrue. Sony just couldn't come clean over this and kept digging themselves deeper.
So. It was the beta testing of the horrible and completely stupid DRM that would come on retail Blu Rays. Way to go, douchebags. 
Still won't own anything Sony IF I can help it...  And by the looks of the PS4 and bullshit locked down save data and focus on network BS?  Likely I bought the last of those too....  Though I'm keeping my mid 1990s ES Series Audio gear, they used to make really nice shit.


That's why I be like "fuck Sony".
Awwww, but then sony wants to cry about getting hacked.  QQ more.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/titlegore] [TIL in 2005, Sony illegally installed rootkits on 22 million computers to prevent the users from ripping copyrighted music, and could not be uninstalled. It also reported user's listening habits back to Sony. Ironically, the code itself contained open source software, and so infringed copyright.](https://np.reddit.com/r/titlegore/comments/3scea1/til_in_2005_sony_illegally_installed_rootkits_on/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
[This](http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/c.cgi?u=sony_bullshit) will sum it up nicely. 
&gt; Ironically, the code itself contained open source software, and so infringed copyright.

How, exactly does that work? I'm a Linux user and respect ~~and understand~~ Open Source licenses. There'd be no practical purpose to use a copyright licence for Open Source code. You'd use a Copyleft license such as GNU GPL, CC etc. A copyleft license can be infringed upon, though using the code doesn't equate to infringement.

The only thing I can think of to put this into clear context is that the copyleft license attributed to the OS software used by Sony was infringed because of the nature of it's use by Sony.

This would of course be Copyleft infringement, not Copyright infringement.
/r/titlegore 
so they did something illegal in order to do something illegal. 2 negatives cancels each other out right, seems legit to me.
I remember this because I used to play Gunbound, a shitty online game like worms. I used to use aimbots on it to cheat but it was always an endless struggle to make your aimbot undetectable. The Sony rootkit turned out to be really good at this :)

Edit: not sure why I'm getting downvoted. I'll add that I never used or knew anything about the rootkit personally. But I remember a lot of people talking about how you can use it to hide the aimbot. 
So does this mean that 3d printers will eventually become cheaper?
I know it's barely on topic, but this is also the year that (depending on your country) Namco's evil, wretched patent on loading screen mini-games finally expires. Thanks for making us waste 20 years of loading times.
I used to work for a large electronics and telecoms company back in 1995/96 and remember coming into work one day to find 100+ of my colleagues crowded around a prototyped casing for one of our products in development. We were all in awe that this thing had been 'printed', although probably at ridiculous cost and time. I've often wondered since then why it has taken so long to become mass market. I guess these patents partly explain that.
Actually this article mostly states that the tech was holding it back. Controller boards and software is better than ever for this.
Well, yeah, Jurassic Park III, which came out in 2001, featured a 3d-printed Velociraptor larynx as a major plot device.
I doubt this is a product of the patent that the popularity was delayed. It may not have been economically feasible with the technology at the time to have it mass produced.
There are a couple caveats here

1. this mostly concerns consumer 3D printing. Commercial 3D printing has known a quite steady growth since the beginning (25 years ago). ([chart of revenue from 3D printed parts](http://www.wired.com/images_blogs/business/2013/05/wohlers.jpg)). Small companies at that time (Stratasys, 3D systems, Materialise) are now companies with 1000 to 5000 employees. 

2. The reason that so many 3d printers are for sale now is not only because they became cheaper to make, but also because there is more open source software available and because a computer has more calculating power at this moment.  I don't think my pentium II would have been able to handle CAD software smoothly.

2. The fact that patents protect your invention is also a reason companies can put a lot of resources into R&amp;D.  This raises the question if companies would look into 3D printing without getting advantages from being first.  Maybe without patents we wouldn't know the 3D print technique.  It's easy to jump on the anti-IP bandwagon, but the results aren't necessairy 'more and open innovation'

3. 3D systems and Stratasys are quite big companies nowadays because those patents but they are also driving forces behind 3D print innovations today.  So they use the money from those patents to drive the industry further. I expect an exponential growth because bigger companies (GE, Microsoft, Airbus, Boeing, HP) are looking at the technology as well now.

4. there are companies besides those 2 that are also succesful in the 3D print market.  I think about EOS and Arcam, but also about companies that use the printers from these companies to make software or provide services (Materialise, Autodesk, shapeways,...)

I think it's to easy to blame patents for everything, companies invest because they can make a profit.  Not only for the higher good of society.  So if you take away the exclusivity, it will be a lot harder to convince your shareholders to invest in R&amp;D.
Materials Engineer here, the concept of 3d printing has been in use for longer than that. We do a process called [blown powder laser cladding](http://www.cla.fraunhofer.org/content/dam/ccl-laser/en/images/laser_technologies/laser_cladding/Laser_Build_up_Turbine_Blade_520x300_video.jpg) to repair notches and nicks in complex metal objects. The concept works in exactly the same way as printing, material is laid down, and heated to fuse to the material bulk to make a 3d structure. It's technically more advanced than 'modern' 3d printing as we can lay down complex metal alloys and ceramics to extremely high specifications and tolerances. We've been doing this to repair jet turbine blades since the 60s, I think really this is only taking off lately because it's only now that 3d polymer printers have become cheap enough for average consumers to afford. 
My dad used to work for Xerox back in the 80's. As hard as it is to believe, Xerox was a pretty big defense contractor at the time (might still be, I don't know), but one of the things they were developing at the time was the optical systems for UV reactive media 3D printers. They had a working prototype technology demonstrator in the office that they would show off to visitors. My dad had a couple of parts that came off of it. But they had started to disintegrate by the mid 90's. Probably didn't like being displayed on a shelf where near direct sun could get to it.
I wonder if we will see attempts at controlling what can be printed. It will be pretty sweet when I can print a new Ethernet cable head when the damn clip breaks and save myself the time and money having to buy a replacement.
From the source: So is there a reason for the 3D printing startups to be excited now?  If you follow 3D printing closely, you already know that news of expiring patents has the community buzzing.   Several articles have mentioned “key patents” that will soon expire and allow the industry to explode.  What you probably have not seen is the identity of those patents and an explanation of the protected technology.  This article intends to highlight some potentially key patents that are set to expire soon.
They should have 3d printed the 3d printer, no infringement there.
Confirmed. My high school got 2 of them in 1998. One carved designs out of solid pieces of wood or plastic, another *slowly* layered plastic. 
ITT: People not realizing that most of the private money for the research of these 3D printer would never been spent if they couldn't patent them.
I believe they were originally known as stereo lithography machines, but I never hear this referenced.
I bought one three days ago for like, 1k. I'm so happy. As we say around here, the only difference between a man and a child is the price of the toys.
Sorry but no. You can tell its a no because in the title it says "will expire soon" which means 3D printers are already being used and developed even though patents are still "stifling innovation."

2nd all patents mentioned in the article are US patents. These only apply to the US and so development in other countries is unaffected.

As u/Nimja_ and u/Waterslide_Lobbyist have said the main restriction on development of 3D printing has been technological. Computers weren't powerful enough, lasers not precise, vacuums not perfect enough.

The main restrictions are still technological/ economic. The products you can produce with 3D printing technology can not match traditionally produced products for performance and are usually orders of magnitude more expensive. It is only suitable for niche applications and finding such applications and therefore research funding is difficult. 

If you want a simple, non-industrial, 3D printer for your home they aren't that hard to make and designs/ instructions have been online for years. They just aren't very useful

Source: Materials Engineer/ Scientist working in 3D printing R&amp;D
Of the roughly 40 million books in US libraries, for example, an estimated 32 million are in copyright. Of these, some 27 million are out of print.

Fuck copyright.
ya if it weren't for those pesky patents we would have all had 3D printers with our Commodore 64's
But patents are totally a good thing. 

They don't hurt the market at all. And we should all support them to the fullest, and support our valiant congressmen extending patent protections for as long as the patent holders want. Just like copyright. 
/s

And I realize how obnoxious the above is. But really, when it comes to modern IP law, I think we can all agree that shit's fucked. 

Patenting your version of a thing, sure that's great. 

Patenting the idea of additive manufacturing, or very nearly any of the 1000's (dunno if I got enough zeros in there) of software patents in the last twenty years is just fucked. 

Our current system for protection of new ideas is wrong and needs work. 
Wow, I finished a 25 page Strategy paper on the 3D printing industry today. 

10/10, hopefully. 
Bullshit.  Computers are a major part of what's making 3D printing easy enough for the average user and lay person to learn and operate one with little instruction.  That and the cost of technology parts for many things that are needed to build one have shot down in cost immensely.  
I thought it was because microcontrollers like the Arduino becoming more powerful and available allowed creative tech-savvy people to build their own.
Well they're all smaller, quicker, and more accurate than they were even ten years ago. Not that patent expiration doesn't help. 
Just because someone holds a patent on a process doesn't mean that process has progressed to the point of being economical.  Products enter the marketplace once they become affordable enough and practical enough to be purchased by consumers (whether commercial or individuals).  

That said, patent reform is very much needed.
Wow, so I can buy one and use it as much as my 3D television. 
Can also confirm.  I worked at a major US automaker in the early 90s and we had a stereolithography machine to make "instant" prototypes of our CAD models (I was a designer).  Of course, it was the size of a room and required two dedicated employees to run it, but it existed.
This is not true. I'm currently studying at Columbia University with one of the world's leaders in additive manufacturing. I'm around this stuff all day, every day, and we frequently examine the history of products like 3D printers to better manufacture our current projects. 
Industry has been using 3D printing in a very limited way since the 90's. After resin and metal printing was implemented, there was a pretty sizable increase in printer use for commercial products. However, the price of these things has been hefty until recent years, keeping them entirely out of the consumer market. 
Now that prices have dropped, and the technology has become significantly more refined, both industrial and commercial consumers have been able to take 3D printers and run with them. 
Based on what we discus in my lab, 3D printers will one day be part of a human's daily life, no different from a TV or microwave. We work on projects that hope to push the technology toward that goal. 
But, in terms of patents, it's simply not true. There have been commercially available 3D printers for more than a few years now, they were just extraordinarily expensive. My lab m advisor actually assisted with the design of one such product which has been for sale since '96. It was used almost exclusively in high end academic environments due to the sheer cost and difficulty to operate. 
3D printers are coming, my friends! They'll be everywhere very soon. 
You don't know how indescribably furious this makes me. Splatoon's gamepad game is one of the most entertaining loading screens I've seen in a long time, to know how many more we could've grown up with... D:&lt;
Just think of the innovation we've seen in 3D printing while the patents were in place vs what's to come. What's the argument for patents again?

Edit: autocorrect fail corrected
This is why I hate patent law. It slows development progress by so much
[And the technology behind the iPod was invented in the late 70's](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1053152/Apple-admit-Briton-DID-invent-iPod-hes-getting-money.html)
The market stifling innovation and technological development? Well I'll be damned...
Everyone here comments about how old this technology is.

I just wanted to point out that this is an amazing example of how patents can hold and delay progress in the technology field, literally the masses will stay away from technology that is deemed too expensive or restricted due to patents. 
Welcome to wtf is wrong with the world. Cloning, stem cell research...medicine. If it wasn't for beauracracy the human race would be vastly ahead of where it is now.
I firmly believe that 5 years should be the standard, with the ability to apply for increased duration based on the type and nature of the patent, with a review every 10 years for longer term ones.  The world changes way too much now than it did then, and the rules need to be changed to keep up with the times.  Much of the duration should be based on development time to market, and actual market duration.  The duration needs to pay for the investment.  However, sometimes, many companies don't even bring patents to market, or cannot make the patented item for reasonable profit, whereas someone else might.  And down with patent trolls.  They should be burned at the stake for destroying the purpose and meaning of patents.

-A patent holder.
Because two people can use intellectual property has limits, others do not.
Polymers can be printed.
I got a 3D printed gorilla from the zoo about 20 years ago.
Once items are placed in the office that they would show off to visitors.
Wait from what I could tell this article was from over a year ago. Also the last relevant patent expired in June. So what's the news? Just that 3d printers without patent restrictions are starting to appear?

Can you buy a 3D printer, make a few 3D printers with it. Then begin mass producing them as a business? 
Has expired.
Specially related to FDM.
Anytime I see anything having to do with 3D printing, I think back to [this scene from Small Soldiers](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2LrCefg6cg&amp;t=0m33s)
And additive manufacturing (where you keep depositing material onto lower layers until you arrive at a final product) has been around since c.3000 BC! (ex: the pyramids)
Cue comments about Jurassic Park 3.
selective laser sintering is the 3d printing method id prefer to become huge. ordering filament in sacks instead of spools is a huge cost benefit.
And now it is the spare parts producers that are getting a hair up their arse about all this, because if people can just print a replacement, who is going to pay for their overpriced bullshit.
I remember at the zoo you could get what was basically 3D printed wax animal statues. It was real primitive back then, not nearly as cool as it is now,  but it was around for sure.
I wonder how much cool technology has been stuck on paper for years due to patent trolls.
Isn't VR similar case ?
I think the bigger problem is the consumer use case. 

Before PC's there were mainframes and they ran very different software to PC's.

People will find new uses for consumer 3D printers and this will require new types of software. There is still no 'killer app' in consumer land.
Nice to see patents are doing their job.
The market stifling innovation and technological development? Well I'll be damned...
Imagine how much further ahead we would be with patent laws.  Which would be great for civilization but bad for inventors.
I find this funny about patents. Throughout history some of the greatest technological feats were made by scientists who refused to patent their inventions so human kind could benefit. I believe the x-ray is a good example of this (don't quote me tho.)

And now learning we could of had 3D printers 30 years earlier but didn't because companies made patents and didn't follow through for profit purposes. I wonder how many other technological marvels have been postponed decades because of a little interest from a company that will let it waste.
Isn't this also one reason why we now see so many VR headsets pop up? Because a patent ran out?
Was surprised to see it used when I rewatched a bit of Jurassic Park 3 the other night 
Holy shit though can you imagine the insanity if this happened in the 80's?
It also means the government has had 30 years to study it.
3D printers would have been so much more useful to me 20 years ago... just to print out toys and warhammer
TIL if i look for patents which are about to expire in few years, i can have a business idea to invest on.
3d printing in slices is fast; 3d printing in volumes will be blindingly fast--if you look at the laser.
I think 20 years is fine,  it's when companies make a tiny midification and then repatent the whole thing as a new invention that bugs me. 40 years is ridiculous. 

On the copyright issue, i think differently. 3D printers coukd conceivably save lives in the right circumstances. I can't see Harry Potter doing that. Maybe shortening the term to 18-20 years after the death of the author though. That means any kids would be taken care of.
Yeah in 1997 I saw it for the first time in college when the physics dept had a prototype made from CADCAM 3D data. We called it stereo lithography.
And also because of home PC technology getting more and more powerful and cheaper. I don't think a 30 year home PC can run 3D models even 1000 times as detailed as what we can do nowadays.
3d printer are so expensive https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiAmNWTdY-I
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3ushop?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[It's Ridge Racer!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=eaBUeINW_3s&amp;t=25s)|[28](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3ushop/_/cxhquno?context=10#cxhquno) - relevant 
[Extreme Budokai 3 Loading Screen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=LFzB7xOyIYA)|[19](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3ushop/_/cxhrias?context=10#cxhrias) - Was DBZ Budokai by Namco? I sprained my wrist as a kid trying to &amp;quot;win&amp;quot; that loading screen with my brother.  This one specifically. The scrubs in the video didn&amp;#39;t even get to the orange Saibamen, though... 
[Full Color 3D Printing with Paper by Mcor Technologies Iris printer @ Siggraph 2013](https://youtube.com/watch?v=LafffSXHNFY)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3ushop/_/cxhq8qn?context=10#cxhq8qn) - Fun fact, I work with 3D printers for a living - there is a 3D printer that uses a 2D printer in order to print.     Basically, you can 3D print with a 2D printer! 
[How to visit blocked sites - How to visit blocked websites - free VPN](https://youtube.com/watch?v=BiAmNWTdY-I)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3ushop/_/cxhvqh6?context=10#cxhvqh6) - 3d printer are so expensive  
[Small Soldiers - Assembly Lines](https://youtube.com/watch?v=L2LrCefg6cg&amp;t=33s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3ushop/_/cxhrj8b?context=10#cxhrj8b) - Anytime I see anything having to do with 3D printing, I think back to this scene from Small Soldiers 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
There is still a very important patent blocking really good cheap 3d printers: 
The heated build chamber patent. When printing large objects it is better to to that at a higher environment temperature, because otherwise the bottom of the object will cool down and shrink a little bit, which might warp the object, making it unusable. This is the main reason, why professional printers produce better results than cheap ones:

http://flashgamer.com/hardware/comments/heated-build-chamber-on-the-cheap

That article is from 2013. 
while I think patents are a great way for people to profit from their invention, our current patent law is killing innovation because everything is overprotected and rights are locked down so no one can add to and create from it
I've started 3D printing patents.
Exercice due delligence...3D stocks were pumped 2 years ago...
Yeah, we had a machine in my high school, it was rather expensive. SLA machines have been around for a long time as well. 
I modeled a couple of small, very simple objects this past weekend, and I was amazed at the prices these 3D printing companies are charging. If you have any interest in the technology, buying your own is well worth it.
I was wondering what the deal was. When I was looking to colleges to apply to ten years ago, the one I ended up at had a 3D printer we could use. And they had already had it for quite some time already.
So what you're saying is that copyright laws and patents are holding back technological advances and keeping us from reaching tier 1 technology? Those Fucking bureaucrats! 
There ought to be major patent reform, either patents should last for much shorter time, cover a much narrower set of inventions or we should do away with them altogether. To compensate inventors we could e.g. instead giver economic rewards or prizes to first inventors.

In an increasingly complex and interconnected world patents adds too much complexity into creating new products as there are so many patents that you will need to spend an awful lot of time each time you build something to make sure somebody hasn't patented it.

This  makes it too costly for startups to do a lot of products, stifling innovation.
Remindme
Ohhhhhhhhhh, *that's* why they're being sold at retail stores etc for (relatively speaking) cheapish, I kept saying that like two years ago, they were only in expensive labs.  This must be why, thanks for this post.  
Not only that, 3D printing has changed from what it was designed to do. In the past, you had to make injection molds for each new product you wanted to make and so if you screw up one dimension, you had to make a new mold. The guys that developed 3D printing at MIT originally designed 3D printing as a fast way to prototype new products and so the quality was never meant to be consumer type products. Technology in 3D printing now has improved remarkably; I got some stuff 3D printed and it feels quite close to injection molding. The tech now is close enough that you can get actual usable products, which makes it more consumer friendly. Obviously there will still be a place for injection molding as that isn't a line-by-line printing process, which inherently has a resolution limit. So if you think about objects that require narrow tolerances like space-flight or the large rubik's cube the other day, 3D printing may not be the right way to go but for most consumer products, the variances are now tolerable.
just when i thought inventing something will make me rich
It has become popular because they can be made cheaply now, patents have little to do with it given how easy it would be to patent something new on a tech like 3d printing. This isn't the pharmaceutical industry we are talking about.
Patent lawyer here: this thread is a lie.  While there are patents on aspects of 3D printing (just like there are many, many unexpired patents on regular ink-jet and laser printing) that did not delay development of the industry. Gawd, this is why I sometimes hate Reddit -- so many lemmings jumping on misinformation.  
Isn't this exactly why Musk released certain IP to Tesla vehicles already? So that solar vehicles won't have the slow development and adoption as 3d printing?
Wouldn´t lower cost of material and so on be part of it aswell?

Electronics are way cheaper now than before, just look at the Rasberry Pi and similar stuff.
There was an interactive gamelike loading screen in Katamari... 

Oh wait, Namco published that game.
Well, fuck. Imagine how much progress we've missed out on because of bullshit patent blocking. 

Guys... Guys. We could have had hoverboards. Someone do that research to find out who needs killin'.
Our system might be flawed here.
An entirely new industry spawned from patents expiring in a reasonable amount of time.  It makes you wonder why we give so many loopholes.
Has it become popular because people do not want to compensate the inventors?  
Sooo. how to know whats next to expire?
Don Lancaster used to talk about "Santa Claus Machines" that would be able to fabricate whatever you like, given the proper instructions. That goes back to 1990. So no, 3-D printing isn't exactly cutting-edge tech.
You know patent law is supposed to encourage innovation not stifle it.
ELI5 how patents are holding products back like this?
weird... I just finished a paper on this where I also learned that during my research. 
Patents are bad for consumers. While I'm 100% for property rights, I don't think property rights covers ideas. It's wrong for someone to steal your bike, but you don't possess the right to forcibly prevent people from building a bike like yours--even if you made the first one. That's just insane.
patents are for too long
that's weird because patents only last 20 years.   (I'm saying the title is misleading)
I hope no one buys the patents and then jack up the prices.
TIL. Someone else saw the doc on netflix! Now there are two of us!
In the industry of laundermachines, the same thing happened with the micro-detergent-packet - it's detergent the size of a walnut. Before that, people had to use large amounts of powder detergent - think of bronchial disorders. There is no hazardous powder to breathe with the micro-packet. 
So THE ONLY reason they have recently become popular is because of patents expiring ? Nothing to do with recent increase in application in fields of engineering? The only reason? Really?
Holy shit, I remember having something 3D printed when I was a kid. It was at some weird program at the Naval War College and we got to have a little module printed based on the rockets we built. 
Down with all patents.  Times have changed, technology is advancing too quickly for this antiquated system.  Progress is the most important aspect, not profits.  
I always chuckled when people would go on about this new craze 3d printing.  Granted, technology has improved a lot, gotten cheaper, and has a lot of uses.  But I remember seeing a "3d printer" (it was called additive manufacturing at the time) in use 20 years ago.   I have a little trinket that it made.   
Had some pieces made up with a 3D printer about 15 years ago for some rapid prototyping to make sure some equipment was ready for a tradeshow. The cost to have the pieces made with 3D printing was way cheaper than having molds made for a production run, but it still cost a few thousand dollars to have them made. 

They were painted black, and looked like a production piece and worked as we wanted them to. We sent them to a salesperson so he could take them to another trade show. When he was finished with them, he threw them in a box loose (no packaging at all) and they were totally destroyed in the processes. 
yeah i bet it has nothing to do with affordability too..

or the fact we can actually run the software required to make them work on pc's these days.
sooo another example of patents holding back the development of mankind? imagine if the patent to the fire hydrant wasnt lost and someone owned the concept and limited distribution to make a profit. 
Is it really that surprising, I remember seeing videos for rapid prototyping like 8-3 years ago. Hell university students have been using 3d printing services from high quality 3d print shops for at least a decade now.
At the Musuem of Science and Industry in Chicago, since the 70´s have had a 3D machine that made Lincoln heads out of wax for about a quarter.
The processes behind producing that pill can get quite expensive. All the machines themselves cost hundreds of thousands of dollars each, then thousands more to maintain each year. The R&amp;D will cost the company $~70-100k per staff including researchers, technicians, general staffing. The chemicals to produce the drug can be quite expensive by themselves. Calibrating machines, testing, then possibilities of lawsuits due to unforseen side-effects. Everything adds up, which is why some more specific drugs are quite expensive.

This ignores all the drugs that don't see market production, or take much longer to create. For all the drugs you see on the shelf, there's probably a dozen more that never made it out of the lab.


The reason you are seeing so many FDM printers isn't because patents are expiring but because Adrian Bowyer, a professor at Bath Uni, created the reprap 3Dprinter project back in 2005. He made FFF open source (Which is his version of FDM) allowing anyone to create, modify and sell the tech. This is actually how Makerbot and Ultimaker started as a business. 3D printing got a huge surge in popularity when the reprap Darwin was released in 2007. 3DSystems have also already lost their SLA patent, hence why the Form1 exists (of which they are trying to sue Form1 Labs, and failing). The patents everyone are waiting to expire is the SLS patent owned by 3DSystems and the heated chamber patent owned by Stratasys, so yes you'll see some tech improvments soon, but expiring patents isn't the reason why the tech has become so popular. 
Imaginary Property laws are utter bullshit in this age of digital copying. They do more harm than good.

/r/noip 
There should be a show where 3d Printers, Electric Cars and other similar technology sit down at a pub and discuss the Human race and how we are just all a bunch of dicks and idiots.

And also talk about wtf they are doing in a pub.
&gt;incapable of printing objects that people actually want,

This is the problem with 3d printers. You want to sell me a printer for thousands of dollars that I can use to print key chain fobs and cutsy little figurines? No thanks. 
The SLS patents expiring is a much bigger deal.

I cannot wait to print metal things in my basement!  I will finally be able to download a car! and yes.. yes I will!
What's really crazy is how the technology is evolving past plastic junk to really useful stuff. Like [organs](http://www.nature.com/news/the-printed-organs-coming-to-a-body-near-you-1.17320), [rocket engines](http://www.spacex.com/press/2014/05/27/spacex-completes-qualification-testing-superdraco-thruster), even [habitats for Mars.](http://www.redworks3d.com/the-hab.html)
It's way worse on a regular drive and 25 seconds-ish is the shared birthright of all humanity.
I've heard that Velcro didn't become really popular until after its patent expired.
We should just [abolish](http://levine.sscnet.ucla.edu/general/intellectual/against.htm) intellectual monopolies (copyrights and patents).
This thread is full of bad information. 3D printing has taken off because of the reprap project, which was created to be open source and built from off the shelf and printed parts. It's what gave birth to Makerbot and a slew of other early affordable desktop printers.
Supports my point that patents are a bad thing holding the world back and shouldn't exist.
[deleted]
And recently laser sinthering is making a commercial startup thanks to patents expiring.

Patents are really holding us back like you have no idea.
Actually deleted a reddit post before saving just 2 days ago questioning whether I understand right, or not, that the US military is at least 15 years ahead of public knowledge on tech.

So I guess now I am asking, what's wrong about this perception?
This is a "sort of" statement. The concept is older. It becoming popular and more practical is recent because it's more practical and the ability to create things of any value had grown due to technology advancements.

The internet is old as fuck as well, for example. 
That is a title that straddles the border between ok and /r/shittytitle
Patents are such a load of crap. You should have to prove that you are using them in an easy to access and affordable manner or lose them. There are a ton of creative people that could come up with good patent reform laws.
So patenting stifled innovation? 
I now know how our world will end.  
A dead world with somewhere under layers of dust and dirt and ancient concrete, an old patent that contained the solution to prevent our extinction.  
I think patents in technology should only last 2 or 3 years. Nowadays that's plenty of time to profit from an invention.
People are using patents to suppress technology and medical breakthroughs.
Which goes against the intent of patents.
Instead, it should be changed that anybody can use the patent, but must pay a percentage of profits or a licensing fee.
That wat others can improve on it, and there is healthy competition and all of humanity benefits.
Why do people listen to greed and evil is beyond reason, those things just destroy the fulfillment and joy of life. 
Yaaay,  capitalism! 
Yes, ONLY because the patents are expiring. It has absolutely nothing to do with the technological advances that have occurred over the past 30 years. /s
Oh, look at that. Laws protecting profit holding back the species again.
The more I learn about patents the more I'm convinced they are bullshit that holds back societal and technological advancement.
This article is 2 years old...
[deleted]
And people say patents sometimes block development! They have no idea what they are talking about. /s
Another example of patents holding us back. We should've abolished them long ago...
Honestly though, the fact that patenting the concept "3d printing" is even possible is ... well ... stupid. (I'm not sure that's the case but the title suggests this IMO.)
Government has an unbroken record of ruining everything it touches.
This is a great example of why Patents as they currently exist are a massive hindrance to innovation. 
The idea behind copyrights and other intellectual property.
Laser sintering is going to be the shit once the price of that comes down.
Snap
AKA anyone that wishes to use it, and the rights holder for the loading screen?
[deleted]
Jesus. Patents' the tool of the devil. 

I'd slap my own mother to get a medium size 3D printer but they cost more than any reaonable human should pay for it. 
Its the same with environmental friendly cars. The technology is owned and patented by the automobile industry which wants to make profits on oil as long as possible. 
Yes, a patent does not allow for an idea or invention to copied without consent or an agreement. A lot of cool products where able to be created through 3D printing which again brings up the idea to conspiracy theorists that we have far beyond our mental capacity in advances through technology. The power of the mind is literally becoming the foothold to which our new generations create useful items, I wouldn't doubt it that one day evolution advances side by side with that of human, organism, machine, mineral, and energy.
What? This could have saved so many lifes of people.  Is this true?

I thought private property can be seized if it serves the public good?
If it can't print weed, I don't want it
Seriously. Fuck patents.
Yep.  Nothing new.  And even with millions of investment behind those patents, no fucking manufacturing revolution - just little, itty-bitty niches but no revolution.  And there won't be one now just because the patents have expired (like 2 years ago - where fuck is all the explosive innovation??  Ain't none!).
So you are telling me that patents halts the progress of technology? you don't say /s
BUT WE NEED THE PATENT SYSTEM TO ENCOURAGE INNOVATION GUISE!

But suppose the company who has rights to a highly beneficial product mishandles those rights so that nobody gets reasonably affordable access to the product?

DOESN'T MATTER. INNOVATION.
Sounds like the world would have been a lot better off if that patent expired 30 years sooner. Imagine the possibilities...
Same with e-cigs a few years ago. Patent laws exist to protect industry from consumers. 
Fuck all patents. Getting a % from profits? Sure! Not letting humanity benefit from it? FUCK YOU PSYCHOPATHIC ASS.
And when Universities hold patents for drugs you have to pay for R&amp;D. cancer treatments Nope.
How else do people think shit was made?
Well, I didn't know it was 30 years old, but I know it's at least been around since 2001, when a 3-D printer is in Jurrasic Park 3.
Patents fucking suck...
Fuck patents.
I love this movie. What they did with such a small cast and limited set blew my mind. Thought provoking, often funny, and in my opinion infinitely charming. I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't mind having zero explosions in a movie.
They had a Kickstarter to do a sequel that didn't get funded, then one for a series pilot that did. I backed both. There have been delays, but they are still working on it. Gonna pitch it to Netflix and Amazon, I believe.
I really liked this movie, the way the plot unfolds is so imaginative that you forget you are watching people talking in a room
One of my favorite movies. It has a great script and the lead carries his part to perfection. It has the feeling of taking the viewer back to legends being told around a campfire in ancient times. While it's not the craziest of mindfuck movies it still has the potential to throw you through a loop - or at the very least make you go hmmm
This is going to the front page, it fits the narrative that most redditors subscribe to.
Make sure to check out Star Trek's(OG) episode "Requiem for Methuselah" if you liked The Man From Earth. They're both written by Jerome Bixby and are based around the same concept. 
It's on Hulu for free: http://www.hulu.com/watch/517822
Because of this movie, whenever I disagree with something I yell "I REJECT THIS!" Like Wilford Brimley.
This movie was honestly amazing. It goes to show that a hell of a lot can be done without fancy effects, or huge budgets. It was a thought provoking story. Loved the shit out of it.
I don't think the TIL posts that land on the front page are in the spirit of this subreddit anymore.
I love this movie so much, but it's so difficult to recommend to my friends, because all I can say is "A professor is suddenly retiring, and his friends show up at his cabin, and they spend the entire movie talking. It's awesome, you should watch it."
SPOILERS:

The movie has its issues, objectively speaking, but it has several admirable qualities.

Screenplay written by Jerome Bixby, a largely unheralded figure in 20th century science fiction who nonetheless had moments of genius.  For this reason alone the movie has at least scholarly interest.

Bixby was a scholar of early speculative fiction, and it showed here as in his best other work.

The theme of immortals who walk among us goes back AFAIK to the early 19th century, a tradition Bixby seemed to have deep knowledge of.  The immortals of previous works are generally portrayed as immensely powerful and fearsome.  I think the original contribution Bixby made here as science fiction is that the protagonist is depicted as deeply confused by his 40,000 years of memories, and found himself in need of 19th and 20th century science and scholarship to make sense of them.  A meaningful depiction of the humanizing potential of science.

I think the climactic point of the movie is very subtly made, and thus I may be wrong about it; it seems to me that over the course of the film it becomes increasingly evident that despite his claims, the one thing the main character lacks is faith (ironic for someone who claimed literally to be Jesus Christ).  And in the end he comes to recognize that unlimited lifespan is not sufficient compensation for this shortcoming.  And so in the end he decides at last to expose himself to the unknowns lurking in another human heart, despite what he stands to lose.

Bixby here and elsewhere in his work seemed strongly influenced by early science fiction and Romantic writing, particularly the Shelleys and Byron.  If I had a chance to ask his son the producer something, I'd like to know what Bixby's explicit thoughts on those writers were, if his son had knowledge of them.
I wish people would stop having this shitty pretension over piracy. It's worse than facebook pot spam - just admit that you pirate because you want to watch it for free, and move on. Don't try to assign some grand 'benefit' to the act of watching a movie for free in lieu of paying for it.
Whenever I get stuck with a group of friends with no Internet/electricity out in the boonies, I retell the plot of this film to pass the time
Can't see why everyone likes this film. I watched it because it has good reviews on IMDB, but I thought it was one of the worst films I've seen in my life
I pirated that movie! It was really good, I would definitely pay to watch it again.

Edit: [Stayed true to my word](http://i.imgur.com/Bkm01ar.jpg) with the urging of /u/Nowin (who very probably thought I was lying about buying it).
Really great movie. It feels like you're listening to a really intriguing campfire story.
This movie was shot using the Panasonic DVX 100. The first real, and affordable prosumer camera-- capable of shooting beautiful 24fps, in full 480p. 2x XLR ports. Cinematic option menu, where you could crush the blacks. Edit: also, for the first time ever: widescreen. 
Fucking great movie 
I loved the concept of the movie, but at times the acting felt a bit forced and unbelievable.
I'm into 'intellectually stimulating movies' as much as anyone but I really didn't enjoy this movie. The acting was poor, especially from the lead, and outside maybe one exception each performance was rigid and 'C' acting quality. This greatly distracted from the dialogue, and since the dialogue is the only thing that drives the movie, it made the movie mostly unwatchable. If they had hired competent actors this could have been a decent movie, but instead it has become an overrated hour long bore. 
That's how it works when you realize that the majority of us aren't abusing torrents and still pay for plenty of what we consume. For example, a friend suggested a song by the silversun pickups when I was trying to find some new music. I downloaded it illegally (oh the horror!). I'm now a huge fan and have since purchased all four albums, including preordering the last one with a shirt. If I hadn't been able to download that first song, I may never have given them a chance.

I pay for what I can afford reasonably. If I can afford to go see five movies this year, that's all I'm going to see with or without torrents. If your movie isn't one of them, sorry, you didn't do a good enough job and you weren't going to make money from me anyway. 
This makes all piracy ok. /s
Good Will Hunting

Meet Joe Black

Shawshank Redemption

Man from Earth
It's a good example of simple storytelling carrying a film.

It is surprisingly watchable.
it was an interesting movie but i thought the acting was pretty bad and you could really feel the low budget
Top five list.  Definitely one of the best movies I've ever seen.
I don't know, I really wanted to like the movie... it's not terrible, but I think it's also really not great either. 12 Angry Men is my favorite movie, and in theory, this movie is similar, but it just falls short in every imaginable way. The premise is clever, but at the same time also handled poorly. Every character is like a caricature of someone from Texas.

Dudeman has been around for thousands of years, and all of a sudden, he decides to share his tale with the most boring people imaginable. It defies reason. This could have been a good movie, if the characters would not be fucking dimwits.

 They could have made the cast be truely divided about whether they believe Jesus or not, make it an intriguing faith vs science flick, with no answer for the viewer whatsoever if the guy is just cray cray or actually telling the truth, instead they went with definite proof that the guy really is immortal, and the only "sceptic" is a fundie nutjob. Terribly disappointing.
But yet if this guy came out and denounced illegal file shares (which he should, since it's illegal), Reddit would probably hate him.  Because god forbid he gets paid for the product he made.
Damn, I watched this movie but thought it was another movie. Like the brother from Mars or something like that. It was really good too. 
I love Tony Todd, and I'll watch him in anything.
lol that movie was probably made for like 1000 dollars. it was bunch of no name actors sitting around in a cabin talking. that's it. 
I tried watching this after people raving about it on here. I did a double take after 15 minutes in to confirm I was watching the right movie. Thought it was a joke. Nope.
Yeah, good for them. Too bad about the movie (it fucking sucked).
I thought this was one of the most bland films I had ever seen.

Fight me irl
I found this movie mediocre. 
After all the talk about it, I found it disappointing.  Even knowing it's limited budget it seemed kind of full of itself in some way.
I tried watching this movie.  I quit after the main character implied that Columbus proved that the world was round.  I think that was maybe a few minutes in.
And back in the day Metallica used to literally tell fans to tape and share their music and we all know how that story ended some decades later.

I have little doubt that if The Man From Earth just happened to be a massive box office record breaker we'd instead be seeing this very same producer raining hellfire and damnation on people torrenting the movie.
It's a bit like a cop who smokes weed when he is off duty and then the next day goes out and happily arrests some kid for doing the same.

In other words, fuck him.

Tl;dr if the movie had made a billion he'd be singing a different tune so fuck his worthless fair weather platitudes. 
Let me just start off by saying thank you for making this post, wouldn't have known this movie existed otherwise! Just watched it.

I saw some comments that in my opinion over-complicated the plot. The idea was not to engage the viewer through sheer cinematography, but through imagination. For me this movie was like reading an engaging book - your imagination is the most interesting part.

I felt like only 10 minutes had passed when I finished with the movie and it's one of the few movies I feel I could watch again purely because my imagination flew during the movie. I never re-watch movies, it's not something I feel could enhance the experience, but this one is so unique.

I can't really "review" it any further than that, there's nothing to say about it - it's what you make of it. Definitely in my top 3, if I had a list.

Your experiences may vary depending on how much you like pondering of life.
I just finished watching the movie, and I have to say I enjoyed it. But you know, that's just my opinion.
I think this movie is faux-intellectual garbage. The dialogue is terrible and unbelievable, the characters have no development, the acting, sound, and cinematography is abhorrent. I understand the concept, and I think a lot of people like this movie for the concept without actually taking a step back and looking at what a shit movie it actually is. 
I was actually thinking about this movie for the past few days.  Cool to see it popped up on the front page because I totally forgot what the movie was called!
I absolutely love his movie, it easily ranks as one of my favorites. I would like any suggestions of similar titles that are all story and performance and as little flash and dressing as possible. However, I'm afraid I will never be able to experience story-telling as impressive, this film sets the bar pretty damn high. 
You're reading too much into it man, it's just sci-fi. There's nothing particularly (even faux) intellectual about, it's just an exploration of a theme. The acting isn't good, the cinematography is shit. People like this movie despite those things, for the most part, because it's a well written (but poorly executed) screenplay by one of Science Fiction's greats, the last one he ever wrote, in fact.
I've seen this movie hyped on reddit before and tried watching it but the performances were so cringeworthy I didn't really understand why it's getting so much praise.
No 3D, no surround sound, no explosions, no space ships, no chase scenes, no women in tight shiny clothing, none of the msg,salt,sugar, and fat that is liberally applied to cover up the lack of taste in most American movies.........and it was STILL one of the best sci-fi movies ever made.  Just dialogue.

If you haven't seen it you should give it a try.
The movie was full of tired scientific myths and cliches. The acting and dialogue were terribly cheesy. I didn't even finish it - not worth it. It honestly surprises me how much love there is for it.
It wasn't a good movie in my opinion.. it just came off as something that happened. An event where no plot happened or any character had any improvement. Just a guy telling his life story through multiple ages. Nothing I hadn't heard before tbh.
This movie was fucking shite. 
Honestly, that movie was incredible.

I especially liked the atmosphere of just chilling at home with your friends while you tell the story.

8/10
I had to log into my alt to say I don't like this movie so far i'm 15 minutes in. 

The comments keep me going back. but idk

edit:
okay I got it. It was like I was 5 seconds away from the beat dropping and wow did it drop. 10/10 no rice needed.
I pirated this movie then like last month I wanted to watch it so I bought it. Worth it
Great movie. 
I can't believe I'm reading some comments talking about how great this movie is! This was without a doubt one of the *worst* movies I have ever watched.  I don't know how to add spoiler tags but lets just say by the end of the movie I was like, "Oh of course he was!"  They pulled every cliché out in the book.  The acting was terrible, the set was one living room for the entire run, and the script felt like they were trying to see how ridiculous they could get.  Horrible movie and now I am going to take any movie suggestion by reddit with a huge grain of salt.
This really makes me angry. Angry in the sense that a ton of people actually call this their favorite movie.
Movie was so good, until it devolved to a disproving Christianity flick. I kept saying, ok he's Jesus, cool. Keep the story moving. But no.  
Cool, but please don't use this as a general justification to claim that stealing media is OK. Pay for the shit you love &amp; support the creators.
In all honesty this movie is incredibly overrated - you can figure out the premise in literally 2 minutes and then spend the rest of the movie being bored because exactly nothing will surprise you with it. This is nothing more than pseudo-intellectual Bullshit. 
I don't get the "thank the filesharers" thing. The only reason they did it was to illegally get free stuff that you normally have to pay for. Sure you can be thankful to the situation that it had a positive effect, but it's unlikely to have been what the filesharers were going for, far from it. 
I've seen it, but it's strength was in fact, pretty weak.
File sharing is just the newest and most effective form of media distribution, similar to radio or television, but a lot more efficient. Release a few samples for free, have them go viral, and then ask people to purchase your product, and support your art. Yes, it gives you less control over the medium, but that's the point. And if crowdsourcing has proved anything, it's that people are more than willing to financially support any artists they truly enjoy, in the hopes of more to come. It's really a great business model for connecting creators with consumers. The only reason EvilCorp hates it, is because it completely cuts of the middleman, making their billion dollar garbage industry completely irrelevant. Piracy laws are an attack on our personal freedom by a dying irrelevent industry desperately trying to survive by hindering the progress of technology and the free flow of information. 
 &gt;“Our independent movie had next to no advertising budget and very little going for it until somebody ripped one of the DVD screeners and put the movie online for all to download. Most of the feedback from everyone who has downloaded “The Man From Earth” has been overwhelmingly positive. People like our movie and are talking about it, all thanks to piracy on the net!”

&gt;"In the future, I will not complain about file sharing" he wrote, "when I make my next picture, I just may upload the movie on the net myself!"

&gt;[Torrentfreak](https://torrentfreak.com/producer-thanks-pirates-for-stealing-his-film-071113/)

Do you hear that, Comcast? Viacom? The rest of the content providers and media monopolies who are too afraid to shift to the new media?

Your days are numbered... Thank God. 

r/CordCutters

[Add] Judging by the downvotes, Comcast and Viacom heard and they are PISSED.
Are you really trying to convince yourself that you do the movie industry a favor by pirating?
The movie sucked though.....
Oh awesome. This justifies stealing intellectual property then. Pat yourself on the back Reddit. 
[deleted]
The makers of the character.
If your product is quality and accessible, it can go beyond anyone's initial expectations.

Content is King.
Never heard of it
I wonder who will be the first movie to openly share their movie online or for a small fee to watch it from the comfort of your home, much like Netflix. The internet is more powerful than almost anything we have on Earth and yet the movie industry is still hesitant to use it. Don't become a Block Buster, adapt to the times and profit like you so badly want to..
Why isn't this a play yet?
re-watching it now, thanks for the reminder
Now it's time for the producer to publicly thank /u/garglemymarbles for lifting the profile of the film among reddit peers
Thanks for reminding, so if u excuse me, I need to torrent it and view it tonight
This TIL brought to by a copyright attorney trying to decrease damages for their client. ;)
It's also the set use. Stage often limits itself to.one location because of the money and impracticality involved in creating multiple sets.
Now everyone will torrent movies saying that they are helping lift it's profile lol
"Hollywood HATES HIM!  Find out how to make your movie a huge success and learn the insider secrets NOW!"
It's like having your film at 3 billion peoples finger tips and all it takes for it to become "trending" are a few thousand downloads. And it's not outright being stolen it's a pay what you want format. If people think the film is worth there money they will buy it legit. If people weren't going to pay for it from the beginning no loss only increased exposure and who doesn't want to touch as many peoples lives with their product as they can. However if your goal was to trick people into paying more for something then they wanted, then you have failed at that.
I saw this film in an app where you can watch movies that my mom had on her iPad.

At first, I thought that it was as action packed as The Day the Earth Stood Still. At first, I thought that it was boring AF. By the end of the film, I was mindfucked.
When I sat watching it for free, and move on.
Thats not uncommon. One of the Game Of Thrones producers said thay being the most downloaded show was better than winning awards. Also, Axl Rose said that the leaks from Chinese Democracy ultimately were benefitial to his band.
One of the producers of that movie stole an Eric Cartman plushie that I won when I was at the beach with my family and my families friends, one of which the producer was a relative of. Now, there is no proof of this. All I have to say is that when they saw the plushie I had won from a claw game, they kept talking about it to me and saying how badly they wanted it. They looked at it with "fuck me" eyes. I think they even offered 5 bucks for it. I refused the money because I was a big fan of Cartman when I was younger. But, the next day when we were leaving, it had disappeared from the chair I had put it on. Never to be found again...... could have at least left me the five bucks when you took it so it was kind of fair. Well, I guess it was a peace offering when they gave us a free copy of the dvd before it came out. Thanks, I guess.

RIP in Pizza, Cartman Plushie. I only had you for 4 hours but it felt like an eternity.
Oneplus
There was a lot of role of Reddit as well, I remember reading it in one of those best-under-rated-movies thread and then watching it. It's a decent movie
Any logical sequel should involve his immortal female counterpart.
Qgghhhh 
Jamin Winans also was very glad to have people torrent his movie, Ink. His sales went up a ton because people wanted to support him after pirating and seeing how good the movie was.
Just wait bitch
I read about some research that claimed that while blockbusters/hits/very famous works lose money from illegal sharing, it actually helps smaller productions where obscurity is the main problem.
I'm gonna try browsing this thread in new even though its 8 hours later. what the fuck y'all talking bout??
I've heard of this movie being mentioned several times when I'm looking for good sci-fi movies. Is the movie basically dialogue-heavy like Sunset Limited? http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1510938/?ref_=nv_sr_1

Basically, despite just being dialogue only, it's very engaging and keeps you watching? That sort of movie? 
Support the sequel!
Wonderful movie! Best movie that year, I'd say! 
It's one movie no one will watch if u tell them the storyline. I myself watched it only because there wasn't anything else to watch but I'm Betty glad I did. I wouldn't watch it on reading the tagline. 
Shame that he doesn't credit the [Clifford Simak](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grotto_of_the_Dancing_Deer) story he copied.
This is, instead, met with a complimentary 1 million dollars!
While I love the movie I think perhaps it was just an advertisement for Johnny Walker Green, which makes me want to sit down with a bottle of scotch and watch the film right now. 
Kurosawa's High and Low, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, are also some of the time, if they even had a Kickstarter to do a sequel or prequel to The Shawshank Redemption Man from Earth I love three of these and haven't seen a forth.
We did it, Internet! 
YOURE NOT JESUS
A different kind of as he would have given my right leg for a series pilot that did.
never heard of it.
I wanted to buy the movie but it had a region code and wasn't available in Germany. :-(

I'm a little bit underwhelmed that no one mentioned "My dinner with Andre". It's the perfect example of the "one room setting" movies and shares the same values as TMFE. I can highly recommend it.
You're welcome
Still think this movie would make an amazing epic series of movies. Follow him from the start to him talking to his friends/coworkers.
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3unbvh?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Man from Earth (실극 11회 정기공연)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=RO_3CCDh5QQ)|[346](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3unbvh/_/cxgexvm?context=10#cxgexvm) - theater you say? Wish granted.... 
[The Man From Earth by Jerome Bixby (Theatrical Adaptation)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=be7_LMZaOik)|[182](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3unbvh/_/cxgfdjl?context=10#cxgfdjl) - Aww... Now I&amp;#39;m gonna have to link you the English one 
[The Man From Earth Full Movies - Sci-Fi Movie Full HD1080p](https://youtube.com/watch?v=vdne2mZ-ebU)|[63](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3unbvh/_/cxgf2qa?context=10#cxgf2qa) - Youtube  
[And I just want a million dollars!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=wknzr89DKk8&amp;t=13s)|[37](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3unbvh/_/cxgg1sz?context=10#cxgg1sz) - Well, Closest I can find.... about that million dollars however.....  
[Community - Hard to be Jewish](https://youtube.com/watch?v=rZ-qJlFuUmc)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3unbvh/_/cxgglg7?context=10#cxgglg7) - Bah, no one wants to see that. What we need is an all black Fiddler on the Roof 
[Community does a bottle episode](https://youtube.com/watch?v=CjP38hB-WBw)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3unbvh/_/cxgkhjj?context=10#cxgkhjj) -  Episode in a bottle    
[The Incredibles Rise of the Underminer  Play as Mr. Incredible or Frozone](https://youtube.com/watch?v=HwP-sXfUXMY)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3unbvh/_/cxgjcmh?context=10#cxgjcmh) - I completely agree. I never ever watch black and white films (besides classics) and never heard of this movie. One day in school, one of my classes said we were going to watch 12 Angry Men. Being the brat kid I was, I was saying to myself &amp;quot;I...
[https://youtube.com/watch?v=hAarR4tVEHU](https://youtube.com/watch?v=hAarR4tVEHU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3unbvh/_/cxgjkl3?context=10#cxgjkl3) - the publisher uploaded it here     but they made it private now 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Correction: Thanking filesharers has "lifted the profile of the film far beyond the financier's expectations"
I went with my friend. I fully expected to hate it. She wanted to love it. She hated it.  I loved it
they probably shared it themselves and seed botted it to make it look popular, I've seen random indie films get to the top of the torrent lists from botted seeding quite a few a times.
Damn, when I first started reading this thread I thought it was talking about "Brother from another planet" That movie is really good too. 
&gt;The plot focuses on John Oldman, a departing university professor, who claims to be a Cro-Magnon (or Magdalenian caveman) who has somehow survived for more than 14,000 years.

[Vandal Savage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vandal_Savage)
I remember this movie, it was on TV some years ago and I thought it was an interesting concept. What's weird is I was thinking about this movie a few days ago..
The christian lady is obnoxiously naive. Because  NOBODY has ever claimed to be Jesus before...
I came into this thread thinking it was about David Bowie's "Man Who Fell to Earth" and got very confused.  

Good old AXXO
They tried to have studied it If you can't make it through the first time ever widescreen. where you could have sailed with Columbus?
One isolated case doesn't justify the action.
Don't confuse this with "The Man who Fell to Earth" though, which was made in the 70s and has Rip Torn and David Bowie.  You also see both of their dicks in the movie.
Just finished watching it and have to say, the movie was a very positive surprise. 
Free &amp; legal copyrighted file sharing is never, ever, ever ever, ever ever, ever ,ever ,ever, ever going to happen.
Did you guys know that the director had a Kickstarter campaign
in 2014 ("Man From Earth: The Series"):
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1759006687/man-from-earth-the-series/description
___
Here's the latest update (8. Okt 2015):
---
"I'm pleased to report that at long last, the script for the pilot episode is complete. 

We're now moving forward on two plans simultaneously --

We're talking to an executive producer of one of the hottest shows airing on TV right now about where to bring the project, and strategizing with him about how we can possibly set it up through a major network, cable channel or alternative distribution platform...

And we're also gathering a team of people who can help us produce the pilot independently for the kind of bare-bones budget we'll realistically have, based upon the money we raised through Kickstarter and some limited additional funding Eric and I have lined up.

We'll see how things go for a few weeks and then make a decision about which path to pursue. As always, you'll be the first to know our next step. 

Thank you for your continued support and your extraordinary patience!"

See? Pirating is good. 
There is a massive library of content which I would say would benefit from being pirated vs not  
Jeshua!
Saw this on Netflix, loved it.
I just got expelled for torrenting on my schools server
Neat, I'll have to see it
I accept their thank you
I remember when this movie came out, my brother asked me if I wanted to go with him and his girlfriend and I said no. He got to meet the director and got a signed movie poster from him. I still haven't seen it, but I wish I had gone. I'll have to check it out!
I guess I could take a look, sounds like great flick
This is going to get more and more accessible at the cost of everyone who tried to have studied it If you want to go see five movies this year, that's all I'm going to see that.
This and 12 angry men,imo,are two of the most beautiful movies ever made.
DC Comics created a similar character in Vandal Savage. Both immortal cavemen trying to shape humanity in their image.
Dae til piracy is actually  ok?
Saw this a few years back wasn't impressed. Very pretentious  and ill thought out plot. Not recommended.
i thought this movie was the best example of sci fi writing that ever existed. good find op
ITT: Entitled pricks trying to use this to justify their own piracy.
One movie doing better because of stealing doesn't mean stealing is ok. These type of arguments are so annoying. Yes, torrenting is ok in certain instances, but for the most part it is stealing and it does hurt regular people(like me, who is a Grip that works behind the scenes on movies, and my health care is paid for in part with purchases) 
Never heard of it until now. Found it on hulu and watched it with intrigue. Aside from the somewhat annoying background music in the beginning, I thought it was a great story tied in with another great story.
Great film
Oh look, people on Reddit trying to justify stealing. 

As a person who works in the film industry, fuck pirating. 
I almost stopped watching when the setting stayed the same. So glad I finished it. The movie is surprisingly good even though it's just talking.
Best movie I ever downloaded
Sounds about right. I DLed this film, loved it, then bought the bluray (which is so bare-bones it doesn't even have a menu but it's still worth it).
they thank for the very same act, as they curse when it produces different outcome. 
People praise this movie online all the time but it sucks. 
Nobody should ever have to pay for anything. Hungry? Just go into a store and help yourself. Need a car? Just drive one off the lot without paying for it. 
I saw this movie without knowing what it was about. I'm so glad I didn't look it up because I wouldn't have given the movie a chance if I did. I enjoyed the movie very much. 
However that does not justify torrenting future movies just because one worked out
Have had this on my list for ages and just haven't committed.  Time to rectify
This movie was one of the few that needed flashbacks. 
This and Locke.

Movies made with only people talking. Locke stuck to one location and one actor onscreen even.
I really enjoyed the movie.  This really reminded me of a book by Phillip Jose Farmer called "Time's Last Gift" about an immortal guy that goes back in time.  Well worth reading if you like the movie.

Outside of three of them, I wish the acting could have been better. The lead role was fantastic.
Didn't the same thing happen for "The Hurt Locker", propelling it to an Oscar winner?
My dad loves this movie. It's great.
They kickstarted a series for this, you know
There you have it. This is proof that you're doing all the people who work hard on a movie a favor by pirating their work. Pirate away folks. 
I Love this movie - Does anybody have any recommendations for similar types of movies?
This movie is so great.
yes, finally a way to self-rationalize my digital piracy
File sharing really shouldn't be looked with so much disdain. If something is good enough to share it's just giving publicity and that translates to profit in one way or another. These companies just need to find better ways of generating money from that. 
Of course, this is an isolated, freak success story, small budget film, that reddit will somehow extrapolate to every succeeding film, ever. So it's okay to pirate because this 1 in 10,000 film made it because of piracy. This entire community is worse than fox news.
just watched it, was great
The acting was just...not good.
This is what IP rights crusaders will never understand... Publicity is publicity...end of story. Some people can't or won't pay but that doesn't mean they don't enjoy the content...isn't that what creating art is about? your work being enjoyed by the masses? and in the end people with means who really love it will support you.

Look at Gramatik....the guy started out giving his music away for free via torrents.. and now he tours and regularly is a big name in the lineup of many major music festivals...and sells digital records like hotcakes..
But yet if this guy came out and denounced illegal file shares (which he should, since it's illegal), Reddit would probably hate him.  Because god forbid he gets paid for the product he made.
This is why pirating is a good thing. I usually try things out before I decide if I should spend money on it, and good things spread fast when you can check it out for free. I've spent thousands on computer software that I pirated as a kid and got good at using. 
It is the best science fiction film ever made ........ that has zero special effects. 
If you look at the movie, besides it's verbal message about living a cleaner more natural life (John always liking fire, hunting for fresh wild meat, etc), they also do it visually with the color green.  They're drinking Johnny Walker green, they have green solo cups, a lot of characters wearing green and tans (earth tones).  And I swear in a few scenes the picture has a slight green tint.
In contrast the producer (director?) of The Hurt Locker blamed file sharing for poor revenues. I watched that movie legally and regretted wasting my money on it.

Edit: I don't mean I'd rather have pirated the movie, I mean I wish I hadn't watched it at all. 
Every time this movie comes up, the son of the director/writer comments on reddit about it to gain karma, I'm just going to call it now.
This was a really good movie. Don't watch it if you are really religious though.
i liked this movie
Shit tier movie on par with Primer. Both are supreme examples of "tell don't show." Sorry, in a visual art form like film, you do need some degree of style with your substance. 
I accidentally made my friend think i was Jesus by watching this whilst on Ketamine.  She legit thought i hypnotized her.
In many cases, pirating media can lead to sales increases because the public can experience it without making financial commitments. I think Iron Maiden has scheduled their tours using data about where their torrent leechers were located.
We did it piratebay!
But now, BitTorrent is bad in every form, the technology is wrong, and nothing good could ever come from it ever.

/s
As I've always said.. The people who didn't buy it, had no intention of purchasing it anyway. So no lost sale!
I'll just be honest, I've never heard of this movie until now.
*Woooow* it's *almost* like people naturally *share* things or *sooooooooomethin'*

(this snark courtesy of my disdain for the recording industry)
200 grand isn't a realistic budget for the very same act, as they curse when it benefits them.
I freaking love that film, they are trying to make a tv show.
Das a good movie.
It doesn't really surprise me that torrents helped this film out. About 5 or 6 years ago when I was trying to find it, I was only able to find the damn thing on TPB.  
Dude I loved this movie from the get go, didn't pirate it, I just bought it.  I watched it, put it on the DVD case and forgot about it.  Its up there with the worst monetary decisions I ever made...not because the movie sucked (because it rocked,) but because I spent $19.99 on a movie.

I'd rather be a "thief" than a sucker. 
And he was defeated by the king of England, Harold Godwinson in the Battle of the Stamford Bridge and [died on the battlefield.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harald_Hardrada#Invasion_and_the_Battle_of_Stamford_Bridge)

&gt;Harald was struck in the throat by an arrow and killed early in the battle in a state of berserkergang, having worn no body armour and fought aggressively with both hands around his sword.

Harald allied with Harold Godwinson's brother, Tostig Godwinson, who had been deprived of the earldom of Northumbria by Harold's predecessor. Before the battle, Harold offered Tostig back the earldom of Northumbria, and Harald "six feet of the ground of England, or perhaps more seeing that he is taller than most men". Tostig was also killed in the battle.

A few weeks later, Harold was also defeated in the Battle of Hastings by William the Conqueror and died on the battlefield.
One of my favorite stories about this guy is about how he [used birds to take an impregnable castle](http://www.shsu.edu/~his_ncp/Hardrada.html):

&gt; Now when Harald came to Sicily he plundered there also, and sat down with his army before a strong and populous castle. He surrounded the castle; but the walls were so thick there was no possibility of breaking into it, and the people of the castle had enough of provisions, and all that was necessary for defence.

&gt; Then Harald hit upon an expedient. He made his bird-catchers catch the small birds which had their nests within the castle, but flew into the woods by day to get food for their young.

&gt; He had small splinters of tarred wood bound upon the backs of the birds, smeared these over with wax and sulphur, and set fire to them. As soon as the birds were let loose they all flew at once to the castle to their young, and to their nests, which they had under the house roofs that were covered with reeds or straw. The fire from the birds seized upon the house roofs; and although each bird could only carry a small burden of fire, yet all at once there was a mighty flame, caused by so many birds carrying fire with them and spreading it widely among the house roofs. Thus one house after the other was set on fire, until the castle itself was in flames.

&gt; Then the people came out of the castle and begged for mercy; the same men who for many days had set at defiance the Greek army and its leader. Harald granted life and safety to all who asked quarter, and made himself master of the place.

edit: Apparently [Olga of Kiev](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olga_of_Kiev) did the same thing against the Drevlians, before Harald. Credit where it's due.
His surname meant "Hard Ruler", more or less! 
Hello! I'm a bot who mirrors websites if they go down due to being posted on reddit.

[Here is a screenshot of the website](http://i.imgur.com/RXgY7D5.jpg).


*Please feel free to PM me your comments/suggestions/hatemail.*

_____
[^FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/Website_Mirror_Bot/wiki/faq)
The game Crusader Kings 2 has a fairly in depth scenario of the three-way battle for England between him, William the Conqueror (victor), and Harold Godwinson (defender of the English throne).
Has anyone ever noticed how the Vikings seem to have some of the most badass names? Harald Hadrada ("Hard Ruler"), Eric Bloodaxe, Sweyn Forkbeard, Bjorn Ironside, and Harald Bluetooth are just a few of the badass Viking names I know of at the top of my head. Even the names that might have been intended as an insult (i.e. Ivar "the Boneless," who might have been impotent) are badass. 

Anyway, Hadrada was so powerful that many historians consider his death to be a marker for the end of the Viking Age. Had he not been killed by Harold Godwinson's forces at Stamford Bridge and lived, English history might have turned out very differently. 
And I just ate bagel bites for breakfast before heading to my dead end job. 
I remembered a browser game that let's you play the battles in 1066. It was called 1066.

I can't find a site that let's you play it without ads, though.
He loved that Varangian life. Then was rekt on a bridge.
[Björn Ironside](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bj%C3%B6rn_Ironside), if you want more viking stories:

&gt;A powerful Viking chieftain and naval commander, Björn and his brother Hastein conducted many (mostly successful) raids in France in a continuation of the tradition initiated by their father Ragnar Lodbrok.

&gt;In 860, Björn led a large Viking raid into the Mediterranean. After raiding down the Spanish coast and fighting their way through Gibraltar, Björn and Hastein pillaged the south of France, where his fleet over-wintered, before landing in Italy where they captured the coastal city of Pisa. They proceeded inland to the town of Lucca, which they believed to be Rome at the time, but Björn found himself unable to breach the town walls.

&gt;To gain entry, he sent messengers to the bishop to say that he had died, had a deathbed conversion, and wished to be buried on consecrated ground within their church. He was brought into the chapel with a small honor guard, then amazed the dismayed Italian clerics by leaping from his coffin and hacking his way to the town gates, which he promptly opened, letting his army in. 

&gt;Flush with this victory and others around the Mediterranean (including in Sicily and North Africa) he returned to the Straits of Gibraltar only to find the Saracen navy from Al-Andalus waiting for him. In the desperate battle that followed, Björn lost 40 ships, largely to a form of Greek fire launched from Saracen catapults. The remainder of his fleet managed to return to Scandinavia, however, where he lived out his life as a rich man.
Someone went for a hundred percent completion 
There are so many awesome things that are left out of this article. Read them here:

http://omacl.org/Heimskringla/hardrade1.html

http://omacl.org/Heimskringla/hardrade2.html
He fought in Iraq before it was cool
How has this not been made into a movie yet?
This man has lived.
TIL you foreigners made a new name for Harald Hardråde.

Hadrada sounds like someone phonetically translated it to English at some point. So, technically, it doesn't mean Hard Ruler.

Edit: I see that OP made a typo, and the English name is Hardrada, which makes a little more sense, since you don't have «å».
Now that's what I call social mobility.
Reminds me of [Olaf Tryggvason](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olaf_Tryggvason) 
He was captured by Estonian vikings at the age of 3 and sold into slavery. Years later, his uncle was traveling through Estonia, collecting taxes for King Vladimir of Russia and happened to recognize him, and buy his freedom. His uncle took him to Novgorod where he prospered. By the time he was twelve it was said that we had as many as twelve ships under his command. Eventually he decided to leave Novgorod, because his popularity (and friendliness with the Queen) had gained him enemies. He went out into the world and married a Polish princess, and stayed with her until her death three years later. Like any heartbroken 21 year old with a fleet of ninety ships under his command, he turned his sights on England, and began his campaign of plunder and extortion. He then expanded his operation to Ireland, Wales, Cornwall and even France. After making a name for himself, and earning considerable wealth doing that, he took some time off raiding to convert to Christianity, and marry another princess. 
It was then he decided it was time to conquer Norway and turn it into a Christian Nation. This he did without much difficulty (He was a king of Norwegian birth, with a formidable reputation, and he arrived in the midst of a revolt against the current Jarl). He ruled Norway until eventually his enemies all joined forces and killed him in the climactic battle of Svolder. 
TIL of Arnold Schwarzenegger, an Austrian bodybuilder who traveled from his native Austria to America, then went on to become an elite actor in Hollywood and acting in several blockbuster movies. He then married a Kennedy, and became governor of California, and finally invaded England with his tank.
i liked the way you started with "a viking" and ended up with a "king".
This is the kind of story I'd expect from a game of Mount and Blade
Has anyone ever noticed how the Vikings seem to have some of the reasons cited for William the conquerors victory in England.
For some strange reason, Harold Hadrada reminds me of Age of Empires .
I actually learned all this from a game of Mount and Blade Hello!
"I'll show you dad!"
The last Viking. Played by Tom Cruise.
He also is credited with the founding of what is now the Norwegian ~~capitol~~ capital Oslo. Quite a resourceful fella.
The Varangian Guard, in which Harald served before he became King of Norway, is a really rich part of history. Until fairly recently it was difficult to reconstruct the history of the Guard (especially its early history) accurately, since many sources about it are either written in Norse or in Byzantine Greek, and it's uncommon for one person to be able to read both. It's surprising to me that the Guard doesn't show up more often in historical fiction or historical fantasy.

I've been trying to put together a Dungeons and Dragons (or other pen and paper game, like Pathfinder or Legend d20) game set during the reign of Basil II. The player characters would be five Varangians who have been selected by the Emperor for a very special mission.

Wary of his native Roman guards, whose loyalties are known to shift with the tide of politics, the Emperor has recruited the Varangians, loyal only to gold and oath-bound unto death, as an elite infantry unit and his personal bodyguard. He has proven himself a capable conqueror and administrator, and the "pelekyphoroi barbaroi", the axe-wielding barbarians, have served him with blood and steel, cementing many of his victories.

Dark shadows creep wherever the light of the Second Rome flickers or fails to penetrate. Basil has reigned now for over two decades, and he has given much thought to his place in history. Border tensions with the Fatimids in the south and the Bulgarians in the north grow stronger. Will he be remembered as a bringer of light and order who left the Empire in a better condition than when he took the throne? Or will he be remembered as the man who let the Empire fall irrevocably into shadow?

The call to the Varangian commanders has come from the Emperor himself: select your most capable and loyal men and bring them to me. They will be rewarded with riches and adventure. They will seek darkness, treason, heresy, and sorcery wherever it lurks in the Empire, and they will root it out. They come from many homelands, and some still follow the Hammer rather than the Cross, but all will uphold their vow to the crown of Miklagarðr, find its enemies, and utterly destroy them.

The Emperor has no shortage of swords, spears, and bows at his disposal. But the five warriors gathered before him are something special.

They are the "Pelekys tou Basileos", the Axe of the Emperor.
Already knew all of this. Played Age of Empires when I was 12.
Well there was no Russia then, and the Vikings generally didn't go to "Russia" to flee, they went there to slave.  
/r/VarangianGuard 
Actually he ended up becoming a hero in castle blood in AOE2.
&gt;Eastern Roman Empire

I love you for not calling it the Byzantine Empire. We should give the Roman Empire full credit for surviving up to 1453 AD, even if it was massively reduced.
That guy is doing too much 
So it's like the 13th Warrior, but in reverse?
Check out Howarth's book called '1066'. It's a great account of the battle of Hastings and the events leading up to it. Harald is a main player with a fascinating story. 
I guess he had an interesting life, but his last few weeks sucked. Tostig, the guy who convinced him to invade England, was about insane and had already begged everyone else to help him take England (because he had been removed from earlship for being terrible ruler). They did well when they got to England, pillaged, took a town, but when they went to take some prisoners, King Harold's army showed up and killed them, aided by a lack of armor since they weren't expecting any combat. Them invading did help William conquer though, since the invasions were days apart, and on opposite sides of the country. Also, he agreed to the invasion because he'd been losing a 20 year battle with Denmark, so his people probably weren't happy with him, so he was desperate for a win. 
The most interesting man in the world!!!
The online game 1066 depicts the entire Viking-English-Norman conflict in amazing fashion. 
He's lucky he didn't come back blinded, castrated, or homosexual. Would of had negative opinion modifiers potentially leading to a revolt. 
Is this same guy they named Bluetooth after?
In the Byzantine Empire, it was not unusual for the emperors to hire vikings/scandinavian people to be their guards. Native guards could be bribed to betray the emperor, but as long as you provided booze and gold to the norse swordsmen, they had your loyalty.

In Haga Sofia in Constantinople/Istanbul there is actually old viking grafitti, runes that say ["Halfdan carved these runes"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Runic_inscriptions_in_Hagia_Sophia) dating from around 800 A.D.

[Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Varangian_Guard)
The shit people did back in the days when there wasn't much to do but survive. And yet here I am jacking off to japanese porn.
*Harald Hardråde. Or at least Hardrade if you don't have the å on your keyboard. Not Hadrada. Source: i'm norwegian. Also Wikipedia. 
He's probably gonna become a character in the next season of Vikings, with 90% of his story changed, and is inexplicably part of Ragnar's immediate family.
&gt;In that very same year, Harald Hardrada played his important (and vicious) role in putting down a Bulgarian uprising led by Peter Delyan – which supposedly gained Harald the nickname of “Devastator of the Bulgarians” (Bolgara brennir).

Damn son, this guy doesn't fuck around. 
A lot of people think the Vikings only dealt with the Northern coast of Europe, but they sacked villages and sold their slaves as far away as the Caspian Sea and Baghdad.

I recently read about a Danish Viking who sold Irish slaves to the Persians and was killed and buried with his Persian gold in Kiev.
BUT can he see why kids love cinnamon toast crunch?
This guy shows up in my Ancestry . com tree, but I don't know if I believe it. I can't possibly have the blood of anyone so badass.
The medieval Forrest Gump...
Took him a bunch of sidequests to level up to 30.
Whenever I read about historical figures I can't help but think about what giant assholes they all were.
"And what will you give my lord Harald Hadrada in return?"
"Six feet of English soil, or since he is a tall man, a little bit more."
TIL done right! Thanks for that.
TIL of one of the most famous men in history who was an important player in 1066, one of the most important events in history. 

Seriously, this sub sometimes.
I've been through my share of ups and downs...now currently rebounding from a bottom.  THIS inspires me. Thanks for sharing and keep coming back.
he got around round, he got around uuuyyyiiiuuu he got around
Was he an art drop-out too? 
Ultimate double-agent.
There is a nice historical trilogy about Harald - by Poul Anderson
Well that dude got around...
Where can I learn more? I'm always looking to read about this time period because I was never learned anything about it in school but I don't know where to start.
given the political state of the world this might be doable by somebody from norway...
he also had a thing with the most famous cougar of his time,empress Zoe of ERE,he dumbed her for a peasant girl and fled to Norway with her as she would probably had him killed for that,when he felt like he travel far enough he shipped the girl back to Zoe just to fuck with her
Did this all happen recently?
Wow.  And I thought I was doing well by getting a Costco membership.
Dan Carlin did a Hardcore History episode about this. Fascinating story. You should check it out. 
Harold the Saxon?
Hence the happy giraffe who lives in a van.
Why hasn't someone done a miniseries or Movie about him.  Sounds like there is already enough drama there would be little need to exaggerate.  I'd watch that Netflix Original Series.
Please oh please will Dan Carlin do a hardcore history on this man!
Geez, make him spend some of that time as a slave and it's basically a Joe Abercrombie story.
My husband is a direct descendant of his. We have a book in the family that shows all the different direct lineage branches of the family, from the Danelaw to the Rus, as well as king lineages from several countries. It's so interconnected. I've been meaning to translate it all from Norwegian to English, but as of now, we have the only copy of it. 

The earliest known ancestor is, I believe, from the early 600sCE.
Sounds like Red Orm
Clearly then, you weren't raised in the British education system
Most of the sources about his exploits come from Norwegian scholars who served him under his rule. So you have to imagine that most of his exploits are either wildly exeggeriated by him to his scholars or completely fictional. There are in fact no accounts about anything he did as a Varangian guard, but all of the Norwegian scholars claim he became their captain and defeated a bunch of people.

With that said, he still lived a pretty exciting and eventful life.
403 forbidden
In Today's episode of *What have you done with your life?*
Apparently William bribed the brother to retreat from York so the army after Stamford Bridge and lived, English history might have gone by the cold waterside.
My name is Haraldur, and I approve of this post. 

Harald Sigurdsson (Hadrada means hard ruler) had a battle standard of a black raven on a white field called "Land Waster."  Land Waster only tasted defeat once.
For a moment I thought someone misspelled the domain name of "Real Mofo History".
...."The Aristocrats."
Sounds like Mount and Blade. 
That's some Game of Thrones shit right there.
This would make an awesome movie
What a boss.
Tuesday! - Harald
I had never heard of this guy until I read *Harold the Norseman* last year. Got a really old copy from my grandmother when she passed. Got a ton of old books from her. Anyhow, good read, and as far as I know fairly accurate. Some parts are admittedly embellished, though. As in, within the text itself, the writer's like "Yeah, it was pretty crazy, but then again, this is just how those crazy Vikings told the tale. Bunch a boasting wild men, ya know. Anyhow, next we come to the story of..." Fun stuff.
And got reckt 
This great song by Turisas is about him! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYgPI440E4k
Got up, showered, got groceries, came home, dropped them on the counter, hotpockets, netflix. 

Really not that dissimilar stories to tell when you think about it.
I read that as Hail Hydra yadda yadda yadda.. 
Pic or it didn't happen.
Hollywood, you make this.
Know this because of the CIV V mod.  
...and I'm just sitting here masturbating.
He surrounded the castle; but the walls were so thick there was another one with the same compost heap.
Started from the bottom
GO VIKINGS! ^TOUCHDOWN
Someone pitch this to Netflix. At least 3 seasons in there.
Harald Hardråde*

His death is also considered to be the end of the viking era.
That's amazing. We don't get taught in schools about what he did prior to coming to England.

Been watching the show The Last Kingdom lately and I keep thinking "All of this is going to get fucked up anyway once the Normans arrive."
and now he is dead
Is there a subreddit for random bibliographies like this?
That's some solid career building right there.
forrest gump irl
At this time the core of Harold Godwinson's forces at Stamford Bridge and lived, English history might have held their line better, but William the bastard has landed in Pevensey, burning the land you have the best mode IMO.
Guy's going places.
I knew all about this guy because of Crusader Kings 2.

I have a game where he wins his war in England and his decdents conquer Scotland, Ireland, Denmark, Sweden, Normandy, Flanders, Holland and parts of Saxony creating the 'North Sea Empire' 
I just wanted to say I read the title and missed that "of", and when I got to the end I'm like "what the fuck is this dude trying to tell reddit!?" Then I looked and back realized I need to stop reading while hungover
Hail Hadrada!
This needs to be a Netflix series.
as dramatized in the first arc of Vertigo's Northlanders 
His surname or demomer/monomer Hadrada means hard ruler, or mean bastard. Depending on your interpretation. 
That's some Skyrim shit right there.
Hardrada*
Sounds like Mount&amp;Blade IRL
I loved that Varangian life.
Fuck I'm lazy.
as was tradition
I'd heard of him, but had no idea he did all that shit. Wow.
gta as fuck
That's gonna be my pitch to HBO. Suck it historians
Basically Mount and Blade in real life. 
He Hadrada an interesting life, then.
"Iraq"
Kind of embarrassing that I don't remember learning about him in school... (I'm Norwegian)
Sounds like the average Mount &amp; Blade playthrough
Sounds like the average Mount &amp; Blade playthrough
Hardråde (second part of his name) means hard ruler, and he was well known for being a strict ruler.
And then?
Vikings. So damn interesting.
Seems like the poster-boy for the Mount &amp; Blade series
&gt;[This was a result of an already established trend where disparate Vikings raids were frequently defeated by the professional frontier soldiers in both England and France.](https://www.frenchentree.com/wp-content/uploads/assets/french-law/images/england_and_france_sml.jpg)
...and I have a hard time getting out of bed.
He also became super rich while he was in the Varangian Guard in Constaninople.
Well, well, well. Looks like someone read [Michael Ennis's *Byzantium.*](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1013228.Byzantium)

And if you haven't you're one of today's lucky 10,000! It's an epic story about Harald Hadrada, beginning with his brother's defeat in Norway and exile to Kiev, then his adventures in Byzantium, before ending in England.
can we get a movie of this guy?
And thus the creation of 10000 new Harald underscore underscore underscore accounts hath come into fruition.
*ahem* and was beaten by the English after they tried to invade
How many Dragons did he slay on his way there?
There is a good BBC show airing right now called last kingdom. It's as good or better than that Vikings show. Slightly less over the top in my opinion.
When's the movie come out?
Sounds like a descendant of Ragnar Lothbrook
Makes what I have accomplished so far in my life pretty small, and that maybe I have wasted so much of my time.  Better read some more post to see of I can find other ways to excel.  
Anybody who is interested in this kind of stuff should check out the game Crusader Kings II.  It's awesome.

/r/CrusaderKings 
The long con.....
And then got hit with an arrow in the eye. Excellent job, Harald.
[Only to be killed on the battlefields by the actions of a 10 year old general from Surrey, under the command of his mother.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwJdGShUy8I)

I miss Time Commanders.
Striking similarity to my life story, except I am not King of Florida (yet).
He's like a more successful Arnold Schwarzenegger 
Worthy to note that Snorri Sturluson wrote most of the Norse mythology we think of and refer to today during the 13th century in Iceland, long after Christianity officially took over in 1000 CE.

We can't be sure what--if any--of it was actually the lore passed down by those people during those times.

Q.I. even touched on this in an episode, mentioning to take all 'Norse Mythology' with a grain of salt.

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/the-filter/qi/10758080/QI-some-quite-interesting-facts-about-Vikings.html
Here is a really cool song about his escape from the eastern roman empire, it details his longboats having to pretty much pop a wheelie over the great chain of Constantinople chain. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYgPI440E4k
This guy should have a movie.
A truly glorious man. One could not have hoped for a more fitting or glorious end to the Viking age: A viking adventurer-king on an invasion, killed in battle while going berserk on Englishmen. 
Yes and it's fairly easy to win as any one of his army to return to Scandinavia, however, where he lived out his life as a rich man.
Reminds me of Olaf Tryggvason He was captured by an early English surveyor of the Saxons to hold!
He accompanied John Smith back to Massachusetts, but arrived only to die suddenly and have your son plunged into a movie yet?
This guy fucked!
It's cool to think how far the vikings actually went. I mean really though, they landed in the new world hundreds of years before Columbus, and they even fought in the middle east. 
Dude, I think you just spoiled season 4.
History is crazE. I really don't know that much about Asian and European history,  but I need to learn.
I just learned Leonardo DiCaprio is set to play Harold Hadrada next year. This fucking guy keeps playing as some of my favorite historical figures. First it was Hugh Glass and now Harold Hadrada. He's made it really hard for me to not like him, Gawd Dammit!
That man's name?

Alberto Eintesledison
Or successfully fending of the eastern seaboard and transported to England, so the full invasion never commenced.
I ate spam and drove to target today. 
Sounds like a run of the mill game of Crusader Kings 2
Great read 
There are so many awesome things that are left out of this article. Read them here:

http://omacl.org/Heimskringla/hardrade1.html

http://omacl.org/Heimskringla/hardrade2.html
That's some Mount and Blade shit
You wonder what things would have been if he had stayed in Byzantium fighting for the Greeks.  

Alp Arslan might have been resisted, and the Empire would have never lost the Battle of Manzikert.  The Crusades might have been different, and there might have never been an Ottoman Empire.
Interesting history lesson.  Thanks for sharing.  
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/norwayonreddit] [TIL of Harald Hadrada, a Viking who fled from his native Norway to Russia, then went on to become an elite guardsman in Eastern Roman Empire and fought in Iraq. He then went back to Russia to marry a princess, and arrived back in Norway as a king, and finally invaded England with his army.](https://np.reddit.com/r/norwayonreddit/comments/3usnx3/til_of_harald_hadrada_a_viking_who_fled_from_his/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Sounds like a bad ass
Hey I just learned this in British lit
It seems like every story like this from classical-medieval era ends with an invasion of England
We learned about this in history
this website gave me ebola
"Rus in itself pertained to a loose federation of Slavic trading towns and villages spread across Russian and Ukraine, and these settlements were ruled by the Rurik dynasty – who were originally Swedish, but had since mixed with the local populace."

I've noticed the Swedes really got around.  I was unaware that they were so aggressive a people.  The article mentioned they had a name for Constantinople too.  Didn't know they got that far south.

This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.realmofhistory.com/2015/09/05/the-incredible-life-of-harald-hardrada-the-last-of-the-great-vikings/) reduced by 96%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; These circumstances put Harald Hardrada in an oddly severe position, primarily because his claim to the Norwegian throne was superseded by that of Olaf&amp;#039;s successor - a scenario which was even supported by the Harald himself in his teenage years.

&gt; Given his dislike for the exploits and intrusion of Harald Hardrada, Magnus the Good had already named a successor to the throne of Denmark before his death, and his name was Sweyn Estridsson - the one-time ally of Harald.

&gt; As is often the case with Harald Hardrada&amp;#039;s life, most accounts of the Battle of Stamford Bridge come from King Harald&amp;#039;s Saga penned by Snorri Sturluson.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3upvl4/til_of_harald_hadrada_a_viking_who_fled_from_his/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~18614 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Harald**^#1 **Viking**^#2 **Hardrada**^#3 **King**^#4 **AD**^#5
ITT: Armchair historians
[And there's some kickass music about him too!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3H8-mb9b-dc&amp;list=PL03938B6F13DAA25B)
*King Harald's Saga* is a good, recommended read, especially since it's written by Snorri Sturluson, a noted historian and poet from the 13th century.

http://www.amazon.com/King-Haralds-Saga-Sturlusons-Heimskringla/dp/0140441832
Harðráði is the proper spelling of his second name, it means 'someone who controls in a very strict manner'.  It would have been a nickname given to him over his life due to his super authoritarian way of ruling.
News flash; in the era of the vikings Russia didn't exist. What they are likely (site isn't loading) referring to is Kyivan Rus which was largely based on Ukrainian territory. So he probably married a Ukrainian princess. Get your facts straight people.
" I fought in Iraq before everyone else started doing it"
It is Harald Hårråde, not Hadrada
And fucking failed lol
My stupid boyfriend told me to comment stuff so I can get karma and people can see my posts 
Hadrade? His name was Harald Hardråde. It means "Harald the hard ruler". 

If you have an alternative keyboard that lacks some parts of the alphabet, such as the "Freedom Keyboard", "Ze VolksKeyboard" or the "Doubledecker Bus Keyboard", you could spell it Harald Hardraade, but it's not really OK... 

See this: http://youtu.be/f488uJAQgmw 
There's a great historical novel, *The Long Ships* with a story that mirrors a lot of this (except with a happy ending). It's super awesome and fun and written by a historian so you learn a lot.
TIL that Harald Hadrada was the 11th Century version of Christopher Lee
Worlds most interesting man or greatest shit talker?
And here I am trying to figure out what lunch should be delivered to me. Now I feel like thawed shit. 
&gt;It was so cold that even inside his cabin, even with the small coal stove, the moisture in his breath condensed into ice on the walls and ceiling. He kept breathing. The house got smaller and smaller....Peter Freuchen, six foot seven, lived inside the cave of his breath.

Holy shit.
Papa always told us "It never hurts to know how to make a poop knife."
/r/whowouldwin Peter Freuchen vs. Christopher Lee. 
'Cutting *out of a blizzard shelter* with a frozen shit-knife' may literally be the craziest thing I have ever heard.

Now I can't the the image out of my head of a burly, hairy-chested man hammering away at an impressively long and robust turd (which is glowing red for some reason), atop a toilet-shaped anvil, then lifting the seat up, and quenching the stool-blade in the toilet water. 
i just farted in my chair and reclined a bit
i wonder how he feels about dos equis ?
And I'm just sitting here, still proud of myself for not burning my toast this morning..
"Peter Freuchen pictured here standing tall next to his long time girlfriend Michael Cera."
Yeah?? Well I cooked the perfect single size serving of pasta today for myself. Take that, Peter.
It would be more badass if he amputated his own toes with the knife made of frozen feces.
This would be great on Drunk History. 
Sun's going down, better make a blade out my own shit. 
The answer to the $64,000 question must have been "Fe Fi Fo Fum" 
The movie was ["ESKIMO"](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0023990/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_2) , and it won the Oscar for editing in 1933. The very first year editing was introduced as a category. 
His autobiography was really interesting.  Just for the record Oliver Sachs also had a very good bio, in case anyone is looking for a good read. 
Yah well Ive masturbated 4 times today and also woke up at 2pm
["Bill Brasky!!"](https://youtu.be/oASVj3fH02g)
Although, to be fair (in an admittedly uninformed internet comment), those early Quiz shows were (now) notoriously rigged. If he had any low level of celebrity going in, he was likely selected to win the $64,000 question. 

Alternate theory: he threatened use of the poopcicle to coerce himself into quiz show victory...what a worthless bastard.



/s
It's also worth mentioning that he married an Eskimo girl who was probably no older than 12-14. This was standard practice in their culture as was 'wife swapping'. So there's a high probability he slept with multiple children. I read this in his book, "The book of the eskimos" which is fascinating. Well worth the time and is quite uniquely insightful to the Eskimo people.
Well, I am mostly happy with my life and my and all my toes. 

So we are tied.
Screw Forrest Gump, I want to see a movie about this guy's life.
I feel pretty conflicted about the fact that out of all these achievements, I'm most impressed by the frozen poop knife.
the bullshit is so thick in this one, you can cut it with a knife
You could say he brought a shit to a gunfight. 
what would you use to carve a frozen poop knife?  and why not use *that* instead of the poop knife?  oh yeah - the poop knife mos def makes a better beer story. wifey looks skeptical though.
Meanwhile, I'm sitting here in my onesie, eating ice cream, like some kind of overgrown baby.
[And got a road in Aalborg (Denmark) named after him](https://www.google.dk/maps/@57.0238454,9.941134,18z)
Is he a giant or is his wife just really tiny? 
DENMARK!!!
What a selfish bastard. Makes it hard for the rest of us cunts when he's ~~run~~hobbling around doing shit like that.
Inuit Wife Swap would make a great band name! ...or a shot.
wow feces knife, never heard of that before, that should be on one of them forensic crime shows..
SSJ3 Ron Swanson.
OH. For some reason I read it as the blizzard shelter was made of feces, not the knife. 
Hold the fuck up, go back to "knife made of his frozen feces"....how?
Changed clothes, shaved, and goes by the name Chuck Norris.
And married an artist, the lovely Dagmar Gayle, whose dress designs were featured on the cover of Vogue.  You can follow their continuing adventures on Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/peteranddagmar.freuchen
The feces knife trick is always a hit at parties.
Probably a Dos Equis guy.
Hold the fuck up, go back to "knife made of his frozen feces"....how?
He had a real knife, he just wanted to see if he could.
Now that's a true macho man!
My favorite thing about this right now is that the title was followed immediately by another very appropriate title on my page.

&gt;Arctic explorer Peter Freuchen...took a 1000-mile dogsled trip across Greenland, starred in an Oscar-winning film, amputated his own toes, escaped a Nazi death sentence, cut his way out of a blizzard shelter with a knife made from his frozen feces, and won The $64,000 Question game show.  

&gt;And his name is?!

well if you use reddit then you know what his real name is.
Some say it's the earliest example of an Alaskan Pipeline.
...at the same time.
Wow I've honestly done nothing with my life. 
BRB. Making feces knife.
*Hands in official Man-Card and shows himself out*
A fine example of badassery
His wife looks like she's just about had enough of poop knives.
There should be a subreddit called interesting man
New meaning to turdcutter
Get Dos Equis on the phone.

They got the wrong guy.
He's actually just a yeti
*Hands in official Man-Card and shows himself out*
So, basically a cross between McGyver and Forrest Gump.
A movie about him is in the works starring Shia Lebouf
Thats one shitty knife.
Now compare this guy to the pussies on US campuses today.  HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!
**FROZEN SHIT KNIFE**

;D
Back in the days when men were men, because everyone who wasn't was fucking *dead*.
Every time I come across this picture, all I can focus on is the outline of a [frowning bipedal lizard with his arms crossed, also wearing a fur coat.](http://imgur.com/dzmV2sN)
Being able to wear bear fur coats back then was hacks. Try any of this shit in a polyester North Face jacket.
Maybe he just needed some stool softener
It's funny that he probably had the thought "ok, is this shit warm enough to be malleable but cold enough to not stick to me" when making his knife
He cut his way out of a blizzard shelter with a knife made from his **frozen feces**?? Who is this, Jesus 2.0?!
Anyone else read this article sitting at home with pizza?
This guy is awesome.  He also was a part of the Kon-Tiki voyage team (I don't believe he sailed with them, though), and wrote a sweet book called Peter Freuchen's Book of the Seven Seas.  Sweet post, OP
That's some Forrest Gump level accomplishments right there. 
Damned player characters.
The knife. 

We need to know more about the frozen shit knife. 
But what has he done lately?
When I look at this picture, it looks like the human equivalent of male and female elephant seals.
Dude was a fucking god. This same picture hangs above my toilet.  5:30 a.m. inspiration. 
"That's a nice knife you have"

"It's shit"

"Well it may look a bit rusty..."

"No, I mean it's made of my own frozen fecal material,"

"How did you sharpen it"

"It was a shit job, I cut myself many times and the blade kept melting on me, it was..."

"Shit?"

"Yes"
I read his "Book of the Seven Seas" about 25 years ago.  I loved it so much, I bought another copy and gave mine to a friend.  I am sitting right next to my 2nd copy.  It started to fall appart, so I hand bound the back 50 pages or so.  I had no idea that he did anything else.
All on a Tuesday.
That's the real "Most Interesting Man in the World"
It's like he was the prototype for Bill Brasky. Pure, unadulterated Bad-Ass.
I immediately thought of [this]( http://imgur.com/0MGoujx) NSFW
Alpha as fuck
Hmmm... I, on the other hand, fell asleep during Tron
Makes me proud to be Danish!
Real life Forest Gump!
he needs to be the dos equis spokesman 
He's like Forrest Gump of the Arctic.
He probably should take the title of the most interesting man of the world. 
I don't personally believe this part of his own toes, escaped a Nazi death sentence, cut his way out of all these achievements, I'm most impressed by the frozen poop knife?
The title makes me believe that he did all of that to win $64,000.  His story is really an amazing one.
I think this guy and Johnathan R Davis COULD just walk into Mordor.
**SHITSICKLE**
The grandfather of Louis C.K.
All that on a trip across Greenland? That must have been a crazy trip.
Peter told his own story in this rarely seen [film](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54ks4vqtoZ4).
&gt; TIL of arctic explorer Peter Freuchen who took a 1000-mile dogsled trip across Greenland, starred in an Oscar-winning film, amputated his own toes, escaped a Nazi death sentence, **cut his way out of a blizzard shelter with a knife made from his frozen feces**, and won The $64,000 Question game show.

Way to bury the lede, OP.
Where can I get a coat like that????
I need to find a wife, named Dagmar.
luckiest man ever?
It is hard not to read the title as if all those things happened in one long, epic story. 
Poopsicle knife should be in r/wtf. I think. 
the most "oh shit" think in the title is that he cut his way out of an ice shelter with a knife made with his own shit.  That shit is hardcore. 
http://www.internationalpolicydigest.org/2014/01/23/key-arctic-survival-improvised-implements-excrement/
He is.....the most interesting man in the world.
I gotta meet me one of them hot margarine heiresses.
["I've Been Everywhere"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G536Mb9RsUQ) was written just for this guy.
Step aside, Chuck Norris.
To heck with Putin. THIS guy  wins the prize for most alpha male.
He just kept putting himself in all the wrong situations.
My first thought when seeing the picture of him was "that poor woman". She was probably split in half by his big ole thigh slapped he had dangling between his legs
Damn..  And what have I done with my life? 
I totally tried to introduce him to reddit months ago in r/youdontknowmanly
So his family took away his sled in ice, with all his tools on top of the poopcicle to coerce himself into quiz show victory...what a worthless bastard.
TIL of professional badass Peter Freuchen
I bet he drinks Dos Equis.
Wow, he's weird
...and met Dora the Explorer
Wow. This guy a complete badass.
&gt;amputated his own toes

["Pffft, what an amateur..."](http://www.capeannmuseum.org/media/uploads/howardblackburn.jpg)
Yeah but, who hasn't cut his way out of a blizzard shelter with a knife made from his frozen feces?
So you learned about the greatest human being of all time... that's all you had to say, "TIL about the greatest human being of all time."
AND he probably drinks Dos Equis!
And here I am eating microwaveable sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast muffins thinking I've won. 
You forgot to mention he had balls bigger than LBJ. 
i've had that photo in my screensaver for years just because i thought it looked badass but never knew who he was.
FROZEN SHIT KNIFE

Band name, I'm calling it.
Who would win in a fight, Peter Freuchen or Johnathan R. Davis? 
That picture alone is one of the most interesting things in the world. A dainty little woman in a fancy dress, and six-foot-seven man who looks like he's wearing the actual furs of a bear he killed and skinned.
And that was just on Tuesday
Why ya gotta make me look bad in front of my girl, bro?
Sounds like a loser to me.
He is...The Most Interesting Man in the World.
Look at how fucking happy his wife is. She has a "Yeah, that man is mine" face.
Yeah, well, I platinumned Bloodborne sooo
Holy Shit .... what a Dude!
these days we breed boys not men
That is the realest Viking I've ever seen. And I've watched Vikings. Probably more Vikings then the actual Vikings
The Revenant 2: Poop Knife
He's actually just a thin shirt on massaging a frozen poop knife? and why not use that instead of the world.
He looks like a giant Louis C.K. 
The title makes me believe that he married an Eskimo girl who was probably no older than 12-14.
Yeah but does he have any Reddit gold?
What's fascinating about the resistance work he carried out was he would have been 54 when Germany invaded Denmark, had one leg and had lived a rather harsh existence in some of the most inhospitable places on earth which I imagine would do a number on you. Dude had no fucks to give, I'm imagining him being interrogated and laughing manically with each punch and asking if they have more. They go to pull his finger nails out and he reminds them he had to remove his own damn toes. What a man. 
Shad-a-delic, baby!
The woman in the picture doesn't seem impressed at all. 
A film/docu starring Kristian Nairn and Maggie Gyllenhaal would be perfect portrayal of the Freuchens.    
poppin' tags. 
That would be a shitty way to die.

*ba dum tiss*
Reuse. Recycle. Repurpose. Scatblade.
[This reminds me of an Edward Gorey ink blot.](http://i.imgur.com/sURTXhi.jpg)
And today this man is vilified, because he once said the N-word in anger. ^^^/s
Total badass
Now this my friends is a man.
you know you're hardcore when you can make a knife out of your own shit

His Instagram account would have been 🔥🔥🔥
To be fair he won the most rigged television show in history.
Do we still call him human?
I can highly recommend his book "Artic Adventures"

https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1223919.Arctic_Adventure
So basically Ron Swanson on metaphysical steroids, and the regular kind as well.
**FROZEN SHIT KNIFE**

;D
Wow, what a day huh?
"This knife is shit"
"Yeah, don't make them like they used to"
"No, this knife .. Is .. Shit"
"Oh  .."
"his second was a Danish margarine heiress" anyone else tripping over this?
Somebody smoke that man a kipper
The look on her face says it all. 
Not sure if somebody has already linked to his appearance on the $64000 question:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-egfblrgX4

His appearance spanned at least 2 shows and probably 3.
Gives a whole new meaning to the term poop cutter.
The real Forrest Gump.... 
you really tried hard to one up the article above OP
If you stab someone with a knife made of frozen shit, would they get infected? 
How the fuck did this guy pay his mortgage and feed his family?  
All before the age of the internet...where people can confirm your stories
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/redditfox] [\[\/r\/todayilearned\] TIL of arctic explorer Peter Freuchen who took a 1000-mile dogsled trip across Greenland, starred in an Oscar-winning film, amputated his own toes, escaped a Nazi death sentence, cut his way out of a blizzard shelter with a knife made from his frozen feces(...) \[chart in comments\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditFox/comments/3skmal/rtodayilearned_til_of_arctic_explorer_peter/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
But does he drink Dos Equis?
Some people's lives are just made out to be made into movies.
AKA: Ben Carson
If he used his frozen shit shovels long enough they'd start to melt in his hands. Talk about your tools going to shit.
Allegedly, to get him to cry in 'The Kid,' Coogan's father pulled him aside and told him that he was going to abandon him if he couldn't cry- his famous panicked crying scene was genuine terror and despair, Allegedly.

https://youtu.be/iVWrW9qZOT0?t=55s

Also, Jackie Coogan participated in the lynching of Thomas Harold Thurmond and John M. Holmes in 1933 after the murder of his friend Brooke Hart.
"As a child star, Coogan earned an estimated $3 to $4 million ($50,000,000 to $70,000,000 in 2015 dollars), but the money was spent by his mother and stepfather, Arthur Bernstein, on such extravagances as fur coats, diamonds, and expensive cars. Coogan's mother and stepfather claimed Jackie was having fun and thought he was playing. She stated, "No promises were ever made to give Jackie anything"[5] and claimed that "Jackie was a bad boy."


Man, what a terrible mother....
I think it's more interesting that he was married to Betty Grable!
Only 15% of the child's wages are protected under this law.
I think you should also point out: *Coogan sued them in 1938, but, after legal expenses, received only $126,000 ($2,120,000 in 2015) of the approximately $250,000 remaining of his earnings.*  
  
$126,000 or what was $3 to $4 million...
But didn't the same think happen to Frankie Munez?
TIL that Uncle Fester (Jackie Coogan) "took up the cause of the Armenians, Greeks, and others made destitute during Armenian Genocide, working with Near East relief."

Thanks OP!
My Grandfather fought with him in the Pacific during WW2. Said he had no idea who he was until he saw him on TV years later and told my grandma, and I quote, "What the fuck is Jackie doing on TV dressed like that?" Told us grandkids Uncle Fester was a hell of a shot, and never complained about anything, even though fighting in Burma was hell on Earth.
He was awesome.  I still think of him every time I change a lightbulb.
In the immortal words of Pierce Hawthorne:

"You two are dumber than Jackie Coogan!"
There's different ways to prostitute your child. Too many times I see that look in parents eyes on Thirty for Thirty. Or there's a long-lost father or uncle that fucks the whole thing up. 
Am I the only one who confuses Jackie Coogan with Jackie Cooper?....being that they were both child stars in early Hollywood who had some success as adult actors
Also, Jacques Derrida was named after him!
Cool! My mom told me the kid from Charlie Chaplin was the reason for that law tears ago, but I didn't know he also played uncle fester. 
It sucks to think that family could potentially turn on you like this on a dime if you ever became successful. Different dynamic, but I know that Dane Cooks's brother (step brother?) stole untold millions from him, as well. 
This is why I like TIL, I never would have known this,  and a war hero to boot.   Bravo uncle fester
How could you steal money from your kid and spend it all on expensive shit for yourself, crazy.
Same thing happened to my grandfather who was a child actor and was in approx 104 movies in the 1930s. Turned him into a raging alcoholic and gambler as an adult.
My grandfather was in the US Navy with Jackie Coogan, they served aboard the same ship. He told my mom that he was a very very nice man. 
I like him even more now! How awesome is that. 
Stage moms hate this one weird trick!
He was also part of a lynch mob in 1933. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brooke_Hart
This was definitely not the Uncle Fester that I know of.....
I can't believe what kind of a bastard you'd have to be to take your kid's money like that. And it seems like whenever this happens, they add insult to injury by just pissing it away instead of using it wisely where it could at least theoretically benefit the child later on. 
Does anyone know if that wiped him out or did he recover and die a millionaire? 
Impressive service record in WW2.
Also the actor - Keith Coogan is his grandson. 
Work at a bank. Yup, we have child actor/actress trust accounts which are indeed called Coogan Accounts in our list of products. 
Do we know anything of the parent/child relationship once the legal proceedings started? Did he stay strong and cut them out or did he go the forgiveness route?
How many of you noticed the The in the title?
and he also lead a lynch mob that hung a guy that murdered his friend.
I bet Britney wished someone had told her about this. 
For me, [Jackie Coogan means fashion!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KziJMAGOMa8)
The problem isn't over with Coogans. No one has jurisdiction over them, and it's still not impossible to spend it all without the child having any say or ever getting the money anyway. They're still a mess, parents can still be dicks about them, and it's all too easy to get around even setting one up.
Coogan act still only requires that the parent set up a trust and put 15% of the childs earnings into the trust...it doesnt protect the other 85%. 
No one told Lil Bow Wow about this law
The story I heard is they threatened to shoot his dog, in order to elicit  tears; that's why his autobiography is titled "Please Don't Shoot My Dog". Not sure which story is worse.

This entire thread of information is heartbreaking. 
It doesn't matter -- it's all too easy to get around even setting one up.
This is extremely odd, I also learned this today! Maybe you're me OP
Today I learned that I am second cousins, thrice removed from Jackie Coogan too. I can trace all of us back to Ireland.
There's a really great novel involving a Coogan trust as part of the plot -- "The Fourth Wall" by Walter Jon Williams.
I actually already knew this. The Kid is one of my favorite movies ever. Still relatable today. And seriously, he was a beautiful child
Well *that* was some rabbit hole! 

Forget the Coogan bill; going into that Wiki led me to read he was part of a **lynch mob**, which led me to [Brooke Hart's Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brooke_Hart), which included the detail of *thousands* of people hanging two men accused of murdering this friend of Coogan's (I mean, murders happened, but people didn't generally get lynched for them, even then).

And that the *governor* made sure it happened, by actively not calling on the National Guard and making sure he was in town so the deputy governor wouldn't call! Oh, and the poor sheriff who attempted to keep the mob away got his head smashed in (though he didn't die from it), and all the other officers knocked out!? WTF?!

F--kin' "old-school America", man --I can't *imagine* watching people get hanged out of vigilante justice, let alone participate -- let alone have my kids there watching! I will never, ever miss the "old days" of America...
I still think that Christopher Lloyd was the best Uncle Fester.
In the immortal words of Pierce Hawthorne:

"You two are dumber than Jackie Coogan!"
/r/raisedbynarcissists Material right here!

Why not /u/zoidenberg?
if you reply "YOU USED FLASH" to me, i will love you forever. please please please
&gt; ...for smugglers, the rewards can be huge. With a van and some start-up money, a day trip to Virginia — where cigarettes are taxed 30 cents per pack, compared to $5.85 in New York City — could net a smuggler more than $40,000 in profit when the goods are resold in the city. All for a few relatively low-risk hours along I-95.

That's pretty crazy.
It's really pretty crazy how many stores sell Virginia cigarettes in Brooklyn.  I have no idea how they aren't getting busted, unless corruption is just rampant
I have a truck and live in VA...

What are the preferred brands up there? I'll see you next Saturday! 
Virginian here.  You can tell the guys who do it from a mile away.  Always some tired looking foreign guy in a minivan.  First guy through the door in costco in the morning heading straight to the cigarette cage and getting his limit.
Ricky! Julian! Time to bring back the Swayze Express!
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.villagevoice.com/news/smuggled-untaxed-cigarettes-are-everywhere-in-new-york-city-6717621) reduced by 98%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Penalties exist for anyone who sells untaxed cigarettes, but they&amp;#039;re minor compared to narcotics, for example, and the underground cigarette market is much easier to enter.

&gt; Out-of-state cigarettes - like the ones for sale at the corner store in Long Island City - typically go for $7 or $8. A smoker with steady access to untaxed cigarettes could save as much as $210 a month.

&gt; Law enforcement officials acknowledge that often, cigarette smugglers are merely weekend warriors - those who might, while traveling, pick up a trunkload of cigarettes here and there as a quick way to make a few hundred bucks.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3tw7wb/til_that_nearly_sixty_percent_of_cigarettes_are/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~16689 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **cigarette**^#1 **New**^#2 **York**^#3 **store**^#4 **Smuggled**^#5
"You work here — she asks, in a voice thick with disbelief — and you don't know where they come from?"

Yes because every minimum wage stop-n-rob worker knows the ins and outs of the stores logistics chain. Obviously. 
Not sure what NY was expecting exactly. This happens every time there is hard or soft prohibition. It just creates an instant black market.
I wouldn't call what I did "smuggling", but, I'm from Missouri and I'm working in NY this week so I bought a carton before I left. 
I don't smoke. But here in Australia you can expect to pay up to $45 per pack depending on your flavour of poison.  
[RECOMMENDED RETAIL PRICE LIST - CIGARETTES](http://wholesale.pattersonroad.com.au/rrp_cigarettes.jsp)
These guys would make a killing in nz. Our tobacco tax has increased at least 40% since 2011.
It sounds pretty lucrative, but I wouldn't wish Northern Virginia traffic on anyone.
Anybody remember Eric Garner?
I remember when cigarettes were $5 per carton (10 packs)
That or you go to the Indian Reservation and get them there. 
[deleted]
The state of Maryland looks out for these smugglers, arresting them for having cigarettes without the Md. tax seal on them. It has proven quite lucrative for the state. I imagine Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New Jersey have similar efforts.
Now after all these years I understand the beginning of Beverly hills cop
My friend went to Colombia college in chicago. When he went home to visit his parents in the suburbs,  he would buy a few cartons and sell each pack for about $5-$6. He made a pretty good profit doing it.
&gt; By law, the minimum price for a pack of premium-brand cigarettes in New York City is $10.50, but averages are closer to $12.50. For a pack-a-day smoker, that adds up to about $375 per month. But out-of-state cigarettes — like the ones for sale at the corner store in Long Island City — typically go for $7 or $8. A smoker with steady access to untaxed cigarettes could save as much as $210 a month.

That's not how you math. Yes $7 per pack per day amounts to $210 a month. So the savings, $5,5 at most amount to $165 a month.   
$5 a pack? Come to Australia cunt where its $25 a pack. 
Shit, $5 is about what they cost in my state.
Ahh government overreach creating a black market. 
MMW:  Someone very skilled is going to find a way to make counterfeit stamps that actually turn pink under a penlight, and they are going to make a fortune.
I'm too lazy to travel to Virginia, but I do live by the Rockland-Bergen border. I'd do it.
I don't smoke and this pisses me off!  Why the high taxes?  Other than trying to "discourage" people from smoking, why would you need to tax tobacco so much?
This is NOT how you tax justly. This is how CORRUPTION taxes people.
That tax is the real crime.
Bwaahahahaahh.

Serves NY right. Tax too high, and people will evade.
Here in central Washington state, we drive to the reservation and get King Mountains for $2.70 a pack or $25.50 a carton. 
Come to Australia, a pack of 25 now costs between $20 and $25.  A dollar a smoke.
Soon the price of weed will be lower than tobacco.
Taxes are necessary, but they can and do create a black market. 
Cigarettes here in Australia,  $25 for 30 pack..
Having the high taxes on cigarettes is just a stupid, ineffective policy which leads to crime that shouldn't exist because it shouldn't be necessary.

They'd make more off a lower tax AND have to spend less enforcing against smuggling, because it wouldn't be so prevalent.
I live in upstate. I once did the math and concluded that my friend and I could earn $400 each weekend for a six hour car trip. 
No reason to smuggle from Virginia.  Smuggle from one of the Indian reservations upstate and drive them down.
And cops will kill you for selling them.
Did that guy get choked to death by a cop for something like this?
Must be a big deal if cops willing to choke people to death over that sweet cigarette tax.
This cig tax policy creates plenty of jobs for the policy men. Since someone else pays for it, it is cool with them.
If NY wants to stop the smuggling, then maybe they should just drop their tax to the same as neighboring States.
Yes, the 5 dollar a pack tax. Been going on for years. And that tax money's not allowed to be used to treat the cancer and illnesses of smokers because it's all their fault and it was voluntary BUT it's so evil and terrible we have to tax it to help them quit. Instead, the money will be used for anti-smoking ads, which don't really work.

Anyone want to calculate how much tax money JUST new york has generated since the taxes began a few years ago and show me how it all got spent on smoking ads?

Bottom line, nationwide, this tax has surely generated mind-boggling amounts of money -and I don't see it anywhere. Whose pocket is it REALLY in?
NYC spends millions of dollars fighting cigarette smuggling. They have a special police team assigned to that particular duty. Smuggled cigarettes are freely available all over the city. Tax revenues are down.  If, however, they dropped the tax to a reasonable level, they would collect more taxes, get rid of the smuggling, and could stop spending the extra millions.

NYC is such a silly place.
And don't sell them, otherwise you'll get strangled in the middle of the street. 
What a surprise. When you tax a product to try and kill its use, you end up just creating a black market where supply and demand decide the price.
Don't worry, [NYPD is solving the problem one seller at a time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajhpFT-lVZY)
Didn't we revolt against this whole tax stamp thing centuries ago? 
Liberals, look at your future and weep. 

 Some of the highest taxes in the nation, some of the worst schools.  Businesses leaving left and right.  Rochester, the third largest city? Biggest employer is a hospital.  Helping out all those people that get shot due to the horrible crime problem!

Second biggest is a grocery store.

But at least we've got Wegmans.
$2.50 in mexico 
If you want to test this, walk into any bodega in the Bronx and buy a pack of cigarettes. Then look at the tax stamp on the box, it'll usually say Virginia or somewhere else.
They came out in full force when CVS started the whole 'not gonna sell cigs anymore'. The prices on certain packs dropped ridiculously low. I purchased 40 packs for about 30 bucks. I had either 4 different crews come to my store within an 8 hour shift, or it was 1 crew just splitting up.
and the people buying it are probably all the foreigners living there, specially the europeans :D
Oh, so is that why Eric Garner was choked to death?

Tax avoidance?
That or you go to the Indian Reservation and get them there. 
Mercantilism tends to drive black markets
Come to Australia.  $30 for a pack of smokes or your first born child 
[deleted]
Ah $5? In Australia its around 30 dollars for a decent pack.
Smoker from New York here. Before I begin, I'd like to mention that I'm personally opposed to smoking but my anxiety won't let me drop the habit. Basically, the idea behind a high tax on cigarettes, while having noble cause, is a weak plan to reduce smoking. Just about everyone I know who smokes goes to the Native American reservation to buy cigarettes because a carton of (albeit, inferior cigarettes) costs$20 as opposed to a pack being, on average, $10. It's a 45 minute drive from my town but the smokers are willing to make the trek. Those who don't want to drive will often go without just about everything else. I've known people to skimp on food just to buy their stogies. In the inner city, just about every corner store (illegally) sells individual cigarettes, often from brands sold on the reservation. The tax simply isn't working.
ohhhh, NYC.  In WNY we would drive to one of the many native american reservations for cheap gas and smokes.
Spent most of my life in NY. Was upstate so not even NYC but the ciggs I was mostly smoking were up to $13 a pack depending on where I went. A few years ago I moved to NC and was stunned to find out I they were five bucks and some change.. I didn't smoke any more smoking 2/3 packs a week it really adds up. More weed was nice. 
Can confirm. I live in Virginia where cigarettes are cheapest in the US. We get people from out of state buying van-fulls of cigarettes here every day. 

I mean a van *packed full*, with cartons sitting on the driver's lap.

Every. Day.
You didn't learn that. The quote was 

&gt; By some estimates, 60 percent of cigarettes sold in the five boroughs are untaxed

Don't report it as a fact, jack. That's shoddy workmanship on your part.
When I was in college I was part of the economics club (ladies.)

We had an economist come in as a guest speaker once that specialized in black markets, and cigarette smuggling was where he'd done most of his research.

You wouldn't believe how sophisticated these operations can get. The obvious operation is "travel across state lines, buy cigarettes, sell them to shady retailers for more than you paid for them but less than the market price in the state." But there's also manufacturing counterfeit packs - [here](http://opinioncenter.li/static/37cc916281dc47be0cab36cf436c37b5.jpg) is a counterfeit pack of Marlboro reds next to a real package. Can you tell the difference? I can't. Neither can cops most of the time. There are also counterfeit tax stamps, and of course, straight up robbery. When tobacco manufacturers ship out their truckloads of cigarettes, many of them send out two empty decoy trucks as well to reduce the chances of a successful robbery.

Also, the state with the lowest cigarette tax in the US is South Carolina. That's because so much of South Carolina's economy is tied up in growing tobacco, but an externality of that policy is that people from all over the region will cross into SC, buy cigarettes there and sell them in other states.
Isn't that what the cops allege Eric Garner was doing?

&gt;But after the latest tax hike, in 2010 — signed by former governor David Paterson, intended partly to close a $9 billion budget gap...

This is what bothers me the most. Every increase is touted as a "health initiative," but the real reason is just cash. If it really did make everyone suddenly quit, that budget gap wouldn't be bridged, would it?
Relevant: [laffers curve](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laffer_curve)
NYC is happy to host Wall Street firms who report their earnings in "tax advantageous jurisdictions" around the world to avoid paying taxes in the United States. When an individual buys cigarettes in a low tax jurisdiction to avoid high taxes in NYC, there's a police response.

Tax avoidance by the rich is good business, and tax avoidance by the poor, who deal with an incredibly regressive tax regime in most US cities, is addressed with guns and flak jackets. Eric Garner was killed over loose cigarettes...

The detached amateur social engineers pretending this is strictly about public health and offsetting the costs of smoking through taxation need to wake up to the hypocrisy and injustice taking place in front of them. The rich do what the will, the poor do what they must, or else. 



They spent more money on the 6 Sheriffs, and recovered less than 6 cartons of cigarettes?  6 Sheriffs for a penalty crime that never has had a violent outcome.....

What the literal F are they thinking.  I would be pissed if my money was being this mismanaged.  Come to think of it, I'm pretty sure my taxes are being mismanaged no matter where I decide to reside.
As a retail worker, what pissed me off most about this was when the deputy acted like the presence of the smuggled cigarettes was the clerk's fault. I know that "I just work here" feeling too well.
I was talking to an ATF agent once and asked what tobacco related things they worry about and he explained that they are trying to stop shit like this. 
As such, this is a purely created crime by interventionist (nanny-state) public policy. 
No, today you learned how governments profit from our vices, tax what they can tax and forbid what they can't. Of course it's also a tax on the poor, stressed or addicted just like all taxation is in reality regressive and not progressive or in Buffets immortal words "I pay less of my income in taxes than my secretary does". 

Enjoy slaves.
So moving individual product from state to state to avoid taxes is tax fraud, but moving a corporation out of country is all good. Pfizer you FUCK! 
Surprised nobody has brought up Eric Garner getting choked by the police for selling cigarettes.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Eric_Garner
MMW:  Someone very skilled is going to find a way to make counterfeit stamps that actually turn pink under a penlight, and they are going to make a fortune.
The age to buy tobacco is also 21 in NYC, and long island.  Everywhere else in NY, and IIRC the United States, is 18.
How much does that come to a pack? I am not sure what the taxis here but average lower end pack price where I live is $10.
I'm down if you want a partner The age to buy a carton always felt like admitting that i had no plans to quit.
you think thats nuts. my buddy pays 11.75$ for a pack of rooftops  in ontario canada.
I have a friend from Virginia who recently told me his dad got slapped with some pretty hefty charges related to cigarette smuggling.  Don't know all the details, both because it's an ongoing case and because I'm not one to overly pry, but it did get me doing some research.  I work with a lot of legal professionals and sometimes on some obscure issues, but this opened up a whole new area of law, politics, and policy that I hadn't really thought about before.  Quite a fascinating topic, from a detached point of view.
I live in Delaware where there is no sales tax on cigarettes and I worked at gas stations and I can confirm you can always tell the new Yorkers because they will buy all the cartons.  It is amazing to think how much you could make doing that.
Excise tax on cigarettes in Seattle is goddamn ridiculous.  Some of the brands are getting up to NYC level prices.  The average brands like Marlboro Reds are pushing $10/pop at the cheap stores and if you want American Spirits you're looking at a minimum of $14.
I don't even bother bringing smokes if I'll be flying in for a few days. The hookup places are the Florida price minus sales tax.
$5 is high? New York smokers would kill themselves in parts of Canada.
Have you guys seen the price of smokes in Australia? It's worse than a dollar a durry now. 
People do this in all states I would imagine. I live right by the minnesota border and they raised tobacco taxes to pay for the new vikings stadium. We sell tons of tobacco where I work because of it. Ive never seen anything of this level though. Usually its personal use which is nearly impossible to stop. I am on the other end and last I saw 10 cartons a person per day was a max. However I would imagine that some people are glad to turn the other way for profit. How you get a van full of cartons is crazy. They have people working in the other states helping them. My company would probably deny helping criminal activity. (Great owners) this would be obvious unless using smurfs or something. Canadians also go crazy but they can only bring so many back and are much more likely to be searched. Biggest difference is Minneapolis (where most of the population is) is not near my state so I dont see them. Anyone in Michigan see this? When minnesota raised taxed they matched Wisconsin for this reason. 
Come to Canada where even shit brands are about 12-13 and better brands are 14-16. Per. Freaking. Pack.
I know Australian smokers pay upwards of $30 a pack. Never had an interest in smoking luckily.
Honest question. Why are cigarettes taxed so much more than alcohol?
As I understand it, cigarettes are taxed mainly because a) damage to health and cost of it.
But doesn't alcohol cause just as much harm if not more? I guess if you enjoy alcohol responsibly, it doesn't cause as much harm, whereas cigarettes do even if you do. All the warning signs on cigs, why is it so minor compared to alcohol? They have pics of cancerous lungs, why not pics of drink driving victims or liver cancer? 

Anyhow I know smoking is bad, I'm a smoker and I want to quit, I hope to someday, at least I'll quit when I die. 
That kinda defeats the point of getting you to stop smoking
God, dont go to europe
Used to work at a gas station in NH. For this reason we had a carton limit of 3 iirc. People w NY plates would come in fairly often. They would attempt to buy 100 cartons then try to negotiate down.
Ive worked in PA and had a nearby job in New York. There are several huge distribution depos just for cigarettes right before the border.
Good old New Zealand. $24 for a packet of Marlboro reds.
And I thought I was being robbed for cigarettes here in Minnesota. I get Marlboro blacks for just under $8. 
A friend of mine actually paid for a trip to visit his friend in NY this way. The friend offered to buy his plane ticket there and back if he picked up cartons of cigarettes on the Indian reservation where there is zero tax on tobacco 
Probably lower the tax to something more affordable
For the same thing.
Being from New York I can confirm that cigarettes are really expensive.
What is the TIL??
Try living in New Zealand where a pack of Marlboro Reds (20s) will set you back a grand total of 22 dollars
Come to Australia, cheapest pack of 20's is $15. B&amp;H, Dunhil, Malbro 25's are $26-$30 a pack.
I'm sure it's already been stated, but this is what lead to the death of Eric Garner. During his arrest for illegally selling cigarettes, officers in New York City used, what most consider, extreme methods of force. I believe his death should address issues of police force, racially motivated discrimination, and taxation to appease a real societal health risk. 
[deleted]
Fuck man, time to pay off those student loans.
God I Fucking hate that work in the article. PUT DOWN YOUR FUCKING PHONE. For the last damn time.And the way the author described him, eating a sandwich and casually drinking a soda and looking at the phone while the police are running around. Pathetic delinquent.
As a VA resident who visits PA often I'd do it. Though you have to network etc. I'd haul like 10 cartoons up there if it paid for gas.
In Australia, primarily due to taxes, the average pack of cigarettes is approximately US$18 per pack, or more than AU$1 for each cigarette.

[Source.](http://www.northernstar.com.au/news/giving-up-will-save-a-packet/2758852/)
Hahahaha, it's like 12 bucks at least in the UK.
What are the economic and, by association, behavioral lessons here?
The addicts gotta get their fix somehow.
So I sho7ld move to nyc, 10-15 for cheap pack in NS Canada
Nigga that aint shit, come to NZ were a pack costs $22
I'm a gas station clerk. One of the ways they make even more profits off of cigarettes is by stealing credit card information to put onto gift cards, thus buying the cigarettes with stolen credit cards. They'll buy like 10 cartons or more at a time, and it's almost always Newports.


Smoked are high priced in Chicago, how high are they in New York? 
So what's the point of the high taxes if the taxes aren't getting paid? It's almost as if people will do anything to not pay high taxes, so you should have taxes at a reasonable level so people don't mind paying them.
In Denmark the total tax of a pack of cigarettes is 75%.
Me and my friends (I live in PA) used to take cartons of Newports from the local 24-hour Walgreens at like 2AM when only two people were there and get like 15 cartons over the course of a week and drive up to NY and sell them to bodegas in the city. I thought $6.70 for a pack of Newports was crazy, NY's prices are crazy. Probably a good time for me to quit.


I wonder if increased taxes has a significantly decreased the amount of tobacco users as a result?  Also I was told that prices on Indian reservations is a lot lower being that they don't need to adhere to state regulations.
I used to work at a gas station in Delaware.  Guys would come in and be like "Gimme 10 Marlboros."

"Sure.  Would you just like a carton instead?"

"I meant cartons."

"... Oh."
CUTE i pay 28$ for a 20 pack in Australia 
Australian here, $5.85 is nothing.
&gt;As six armed officers pour out of two unmarked Ford Explorers

I am out. I'm fucking out. and Danny is out too.
How much is a pack of ciggies in New York? - Not an american, never been to America.
Smuggled is a harsh term.  I consider bringing my family 30 cartons of cigarettes when I come to visit a gift.  Of course they gift me a nice chunk of change back.
$5 a pack. Dont come to the UK then, you will be paying near double that. Close to £7 here. Glad I quit a few years ago.
4$ a pack in Romania, but the average wage is around 200$. Quite expensive to smoke, if you ask me.
It's really hard for me to believe this. I would believe that 60% of people who smoke in New York have bought cigarettes from other states at one point in time, but I have never met any person who gets the majority of their smokes from out of state. It's waaaay more convenient to run to 7-11 than find some guy who drives hours to get cigarettes from other states. I do however buy tobacco buy tobacco for my friends back home when I go out of state because paying 10 bucks per pack is fucking highway Robbery. 
Jesus. The guy I work with on the night shift goes through a pack or two over an 8 hour period and then smokes on his way home, I wonder how much that would cost him.
Here in Australia cigarettes are over 70% tax, not to sure of how much exactly as its not easy to find, but there was a big hoo ha about it when they brought in plain packaging laws a while ago and the 70% figure was published

A pack of 24 is just shy of $30 
6 years ago when we had a job.
High tax? They're $20-30 here in Australia
10£ in the uk (15.15$) per packet so 5$ seems quite reasonable.
Tax in Australia is like $20 a pack. You guys got it easy.
Australian here

In Sydney we have a lot of illegally imported cigarettes (mostly from Korea) within the Asian communities due to the fact a pack of Marlboro Reds here is $23ish and we have plain  packaging.
Lately the police have been cracking down on it though and I see less and less of them nowadays.

It's good in the sense that I know alot of people who have quit due to the increasing costs however it does suck to be a smoker
Actual american packs in kurdistan=2500IQD-5000IQD (1200IQD=$1USD.) It's insanely cheap here gauloises(brittish??? ) 750IQD,  some weird korean brand called pleasures250-500IQD. 


There was group of politicians pushing a bill in The State of California to completely *ban* all tobacco in the the state.

Every law enforcement agency in California- from the Border Patrol, DEA, and Highway Patrol down to the PDs in the tiniest podunk towns campaigned against it.

There would be so many people smuggling them in from Mexico, AZ, NV, and OR that it would be *impossible* to stop it, and it would create a *HUGE* business opportunity for organized crime.

Not to mention overcrowding in the jails from people getting busted for a pack of Camels.

The bill died a quick, quiet death before it reached the state senate.
New York needs to step up its game! Ireland it's around €10 per pack. 
I would smoke like a VW at those prices. It's over $15 a pack in the UK. 
MY dad's cousin who's in Minnesota says a carton (the 12 pack) of cigarettes are $83 up there. He asked my dad to import some (here in NC). 
Why can't they do this in aus?
A $5 pack? Please. It's £10 in London for the same thing!
Meanwhile in Australia a pack costs 30 dollars
$5 a pack? 
Man you guys get everything good.. Here in Scotland it's not rare to see a 20 pack for about £7. I don't smoke, so maybe someone could clarify in that one... But yeah, $5 is about £2.60 in civilised people money.. Fuck sake.
From CT. Buy cartons in New Hampshire for $64...versus $90 in CT. On every pack, on the bottom is a stamp from the state of sale. Always check to see if its different. Why? If it isn't, it's shake down time. Last name ends in a vowel.  
In Canada, the natives make cigarettes on the reservations and sell them as contraband to people off the reservation for pretty much the same reason - high taxes. I heard some girl claim they were healthier because they were all natural, lmao. They're not even filtered.

The irony is, the taxes are meant to discourage consumption, but it seems to drive a lot of ppl to illicit sales and worse cigarettes. 
Same reasoning as to why alcoholics don't buy in bulk.
$5 is standard price for a pack in Sweden
Damn I pay $12 for a bag of tobacco that ends up making me more than a carton. 
Next season on Brooklyn 99
Cigarettes in Australia are taxed ridiculously. Your average smoke will cost you $1. That's $1 per cigarette. For nicer brands, you're pushing the price even higher. When I quit, I'd get a 50 pack of cheap smokes for $17. Now, you're lucky to pay less than $40 for the same cheap shit. In 4 years, the price has more than doubled thanks to tax hikes.
Why not apply the normal sales-tax rate to cigarettes? 
&gt; sipping Pepsi through a straw from a can.

This dude is a fucking rebel. #rebelstatus
Why is the sin tax so high? It's not like there's free healthcare in America.
I grew up in Delaware, most stores had a two carton limit because the damn New Yorkers were buying up all of our smokes!
I thought they were taxed out the ass everywhere in America.
I once sold newports for like $50 a pack in australia if I remember correctly.  I would sell singles so people could get their fix once my supply got low.
Maybe if New York lowered their cigarette taxes to something more reasonable they wouldn't lose out on so much of it through smuggling and wouldn't have to spend what is obviously a lot of money on enforcement. 
And Kramer wanted to drive to Michigan for the bottle deposit.
5 dollar? I pay 6,20 euros for the smallest marlboro pack that contains 19 ciggs

Edit: the Netherlands 
Buying them is easy.

Selling them is another thing. An individual trying this faces both the state tax investigators AND the gangs doing this as well.

And both have guns and a bad attitude
Drop the tax to match the surrounding states. Problem solved.
I work in a petrol station in the UK and sell some packs of 20 for £10.40 so your looking at $15+ 
Here in Australia its something like $26 for a pack of 25. May have gone up though since I quit.
Jimmy Conway FTW!
So call me stupid, but how does someone offload hundreds of smuggled cigarettes without a dedicated logistics network (as in they're already part of a ring)? It's not like your average corner store will just buy all the shit out of some schmoe's minivan.
I comparison, a pack of cigarettes in the UK will have about £6 (GBP!) of tax. That's all over the UK. [Sauce](http://www.the-tma.org.uk/policy-legislation/taxation/)
And people say the Laffer curve is voodoo.
People change their behaviors based on economic changes... Would have guessed this would happen
free healthcare ? xD
I knew a guy that would rob cigarette shops and sell all the cases to another local guy. That guy would have people come in from Michigan and other places up north. They would bring money from their friends and family and buy cases of cigarettes to take back and split up. I remember once he had like 20 cases. Sold them all in about 2 hours to 5 or 6 people.
So what exactly stops someone in NYC from just going online and buying a carton? or is it illegal to ship cigarettes by mail?
Tax in the UK is a tiny bit under $10 a pack of 20, hence why you get alot of people who smoke handrolled tobacco (I smoke both) and people bringing in alot of pouches of tobacco or cigarettes from Europe. Pack of 20 cigarettes in a shop, about £9 so $13-14, 200 cigarettes (same brand I smoke) that I bought the other week in Czech republic..just under £20 so about $30. 

Hence why I switched back to handrolled tobacco, can buy a 50gram pouch for £6 instead of the £20+ shops charge and it lasts me 2 weeks almost, a pack of 10 cigarettes cost the same almost. I still know some people who do a few trips to Spain a year to bring a suitcase or two of smokes back, they generally get paid the "holiday" and bring back the cigarettes, I remember my mates dad telling me that he was caught once and the customs officers asked him to smoke the cigarettes..he wasnt a smoker. Plenty of places to get cheap tobacco now anyway, I dont mind paying full price at shops for handrolled because it lasts, £10 on cigarettes is gone in 2 days.
Same reasoning as to why the alcoholic wouldn't want to buy at least a carton.
That's crazy its nearly 10€ a pack in Ireland and its only going up every year
And here in Quebec it's 10$ a pack...
It's not like coca cola is a limit? most stores have a feeling they would if they had that many at their disposal they'd go up to a pack and that liquor was taxed so much.
Here in Ireland its €10.50 per pack which is about $11.15 at the current exchange. about €9 of that is tax. So glad I quit years ago. 
In the UK I pay a minimum of £10 for 20 smokes, of which around £8 goes to the government. That's a tax rate of £8 per £2 of goods I'm buying.
Also known as "Lucys" at the corner bodegas. You can usually buy them for $.50 to $1 each.
The Chinatown busses would bring in cigarettes.

Idk if the drivers did it independently but all the time on those busses I'd see the employees transporting boxes.
$25+ for a pack of 25s in Australia. 
6 years ago I'd get a pack a day and I don't smoke.
WA ST resident here.  Last I looked a pack of smokes is $7.89.  Don't even get me started on liqour prices.  
Sounds like a backfire
A pack of cigarettes cost about 13 SGD here in Singapore ...
25 clams in Aus for a deck of darts (25 pack). Can't even enjoy a durrie these days ... 
From Ontario
Bagged bread: the best thing since bread.
 I'd like a sandwich, but I don't feel like eating two whole loaves of bread.
And in 1943 the US banned it:


&gt;During 1943, U.S. officials imposed a short-lived ban on sliced bread as a wartime conservation measure.[7][8] The ban was ordered by Claude R. Wickard who held the position of Food Administrator, and took effect on January 18, 1943. According to theNew York Times, officials explained that "the ready-sliced loaf must have a heavier wrapping than an unsliced one if it is not to dry out." It was also intended to counteract a rise in the price of bread, caused by the Office of Price Administration's authorization of a ten percent increase in flour prices.[9]

In a Sunday radio address on January 24, New York City Mayor LaGuardia suggested thatbakeries that had their own bread-slicing machines should be allowed to continue to use them, and on January 26, 1943, a letter appeared in the New York Times from a distraught housewife:

I should like to let you know how important sliced bread is to the morale and saneness of a household. My husband and four children are all in a rush during and after breakfast. Without ready-sliced bread I must do the slicing for toast—two pieces for each one—that's ten. For their lunches I must cut by hand at least twenty slices, for two sandwiches apiece. Afterward I make my own toast. Twenty-two slices of bread to be cut in a hurry![10]

On January 26, however, John F. Conaboy, the New York Area Supervisor of the Food Distribution Administration, warned bakeries,delicatessens, and other stores that were continuing to slice bread to stop, saying that "to protect the cooperating bakeries against the unfair competition of those who continue to slice their own bread... we are prepared to take stern measures if necessary."[11]

On March 8, 1943, the ban was rescinded. Wickard stated that "Our experience with the order, however, leads us to believe that the savings are not as much as we expected, and the War Production Board tells us that sufficient wax paper to wrap sliced bread for four months is in the hands of paper processor and the baking industry.


The first guy who got bagged bread was mispronouncing "baguette." They thought he said "bag it" and everyone was immediately on board with bagged bread. 
[Loafers](http://www.thisiswhyimbroke.com/images/bread-loafers.jpg) will be the next big thing.
Now, I do enjoy me some sliced bread, but shouldn't we have had a few more "best things" since then? I think humanity is selling itself short with that phrase.
http://i.imgur.com/KMyZz4m.gifv
They used to just ram the whole loaf down their throat.
[Kumail Nanjiani](http://www.cc.com/video-clips/uhy762/live-at-gotham-coney-island-cyclone) has a pretty good stand up routine that references sliced bread coming on the market in 1928.
Where in the article did it say anything about bagged bread?
Ctrl - F (bagged) gave me no results... I really don't understand where the second half of the title comes from

Best thing since Betty White.
I love this because it makes me thing of people only ever eating bread in entire loaves.
How about the guy who invented bread itself? Where is the love for him?
TBH if bread wasn't sliced for me, I would never eat a sandwich again. Cutting (smashing with a knife) bread always ends up a disappointing experience.
Apparently, the first thing to be the "best thing since sliced bread" was Wonderbread, the first bread to come presliced and prepackaged. [Source](http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2012/02/how-the-phrase-the-best-thing-since-sliced-bread-originated/252674/)
Which leads us to the interesting fact, Betty White is older than sliced bread.
I wish tortillas had a cool story as well.
Cheezits are the best thing, since I took a bong rip and I'm too baked to make a sandwich.
To paraphrase George Carlin, what's the big deal with sliced bread? You've got bread. You've got a knife. Slice the motherfucker! 
[deleted]
Bagged bread was the best thing since bread.
I guess Betty White really is the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Betty white is older than sliced bread 
Fun fact: Betty White is older than sliced bread.
Sliced bread... The best thing since Betty White.
Bagged bread: the best thing since bread.
TIL that people Google the origins of sliced bread.
Sliced bread - the first fast food.
Not sure where the bagged bread reference comes from because the word "bagged" isn't on the wiki page.
Fun fact!

[Betty White](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betty_White) is older then [sliced bread](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sliced_bread)!
[deleted]
Obligatory george carlin covered that link. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k3Zad39QXL4
Woo go Iowa!
[THEY HAVE IT!](http://images.wikia.com/spongebob/images/2/25/CANNED_BREAD!.jpg)
Ha are you telling me literally no one thought hmmmm what if i cut this, till 1928!
People sliced bread before then
Bread: the best thing since sliced granite.
100 years since sliced bread
How can we not have improved on bread in over eighty years?
TIL 1943 sliced bread ban in the US.
How do you invent slicing something?
So what's the next step in bread evolution? 
The best thing since sliced bread

http://youtu.be/CqjyFMi_AdE
Sliced Bread: the best thing since Betty White
And Betty White was born 2 days before sliced bread.
[They have it!!!](http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120927220330/spongebob/images/thumb/f/f7/Canned_Bread.jpg/500px-Canned_Bread.jpg)
[deleted]
"Martha, did you hear of this new-fangled thing called "sliced" bread? Boy oh boy, what will they think of next? Maybe one day we will have these boxes in our living rooms that will show us the talking pictures." 
How were they consuming bread before someone "invented" sliced bread?  
If we sliced bagged bread would we have a whole different ballgame on our hands?
...It's the best thing since sliced bread! Ne, Bagged Bread!
Is amazing that roller coasters were first.
I love that letter about the ordeal of buying unsliced bread.
what will be the next best thing?
Bread is the best thing since pants with pockets.
Bread!
That's the best thing since locally-sourced, sustainable, low-carb, gluten-free bread.
You can still buy sliced bread wrapped in wax paper today.
Apparently, it really was awesome; when it was temporarily banned during WWII, people went ape-shit!
Fun fact, Betty White is older then sliced bread.  
She was born in 1922
Bagged bread: outdone by everything since 1928.
Does that mean that betty white is older then sliced bread? Someone should TIL that someday 
Dude, bread has been around for thousands of years...you REALLY think that in all that fucking time, nobody thought to slice it?
The one thing i hate about this quote is that it makes it sound like people couldnt think of slicing bread sooner
The best thing *before* sliced bread?

Bread knife?

No. Massive sandwiches!
Did anyone read the part where sliced bread was banned in 1943? LOL 

&gt;John F. Conaboy, the New York Area Supervisor of the Food Distribution Administration, warned bakeries, delicatessens, and other stores that were continuing to slice bread to stop, saying that "to protect the cooperating bakeries against the unfair competition of those who continue to slice their own bread... we are prepared to take stern measures if necessary."
My family where the first ones to seal the bread in plastic bad to keep the loaf fresh. I'm not rich because my family where too stupid to get the desing patented. Joy.
Nowadays sliced bread is the best thing since Betty White. But Betty White is still well above sliced bread so that doesn't really track. 
Lets go Iowa guy!
99 Percent Invisible did a great podcast about the history of bread. Super interesting. http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/good-bread/
I'm all about the unsliced bread now. I like my toast thick.
No no no stfu that's too perfect and I refuse to believe it
TIL In 1943 sliced bread was banned in U.S. 

&gt; During 1943, U.S. officials imposed a short-lived ban on sliced bread as a wartime conservation measure. The ban was ordered by Claude R. Wickard who held the position of Food Administrator, and took effect on January 18, 1943. According to the New York Times, officials explained that "the ready-sliced loaf must have a heavier wrapping than an unsliced one if it is not to dry out." It was also intended to counteract a rise in the price of bread, caused by the Office of Price Administration's authorization of a ten percent increase in flour prices.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sliced_bread#1943_U.S._ban_on_sliced_bread](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sliced_bread#1943_U.S._ban_on_sliced_bread)
Unlikely, since bread didn't come in bags in 1928; it was wrapped in paper (wax paper if I recall correctly).  It continued to be packaged that way at least into the 1950s.
Fun Fact: Betty White is literally older than Sliced Bread. Go ahead, look it up.
Try bagged bread in Germany, the bag has a billion tiny holes in it.  It might as well be unbagged, it goes stale in a day and a half. 
My dad (turns 80 this month) told me when he was a kid they used to gawk through the window at the bread slicing machine at the bakery. Sliced bread was truly something amazing at the time.
Individually bagged slices of bread must be the next best thing id imagine
How does one invent something as trivial as sliced bread? 

That's like inventing putting clothes on when it's cold. 
Bagging sliced bread must've blown their fucking *minds*.
How do you invent 'sliced' bread. Just by...slicing it?
Downside is that it makes the bread dry out faster
[deleted]
Sliced bread is a stupid measuring stick. The best thing since cheese has much more meaning.
i love sliced bread. I usually like to eat the crust first cause the reason I opened bread is I'm hungry as fuck. So all my sandwiches or whatever I make is crustless, cause I need to eat the crust right away so I'm not torturing myself making it. Sure "real"  bakery fresh baked crusty loafs are good too in their own way, but factory processed sliced bread is so soft and succulent and I usually make a sandwich in the parking lot whenever I buy it cause once I smell that bread isle I can't wait any longer.
if it's not that, i don't know what sliced bread is
It seems to me that bagged bread is the greater invention.  Do you think sandwich bread comes out of the oven fluffy and soft on the outside? No, it comes out with a crisp crust, just like every other kind of bread.  It is the bagging that keeps the moisture in and softens the crust.
Hello, I'm from Davenport.
I work with elderly patients. When we get their paperwork, it always has their birthday. If they were born before 1928, I'll remark that they were born before sliced bread. No one ever believes me :(
OP, why you gotta fucking lie?  The link you provide never once mentions "bagged bread."  The word "bag" doesn't even exist in the article.

So, why all the fucking lies, you lying liar?
Which means that "the best thing since sliced bread" was already a tongue-in-cheek referential joke when it came out...and we've just forgotten the point.
Today's question of the day: [what is the best thing?](https://youtu.be/FHjepkoNOfU)
(From the same article)TIL they tried to ban sliced bread in 1943. 
Dirty D represent! Davenport famous for sliced bread?
The best thing *before* sliced bread?

Bread knife?

No. Massive sandwiches!
I lost 75 lbs...and an IPhone...
I was the greatest thing!

My grandpa was born in 1921...still alive...so he's literally older than sliced bread 
What other shit are we not slicing but should be??
Bagged bread?! This is the best thing since leavened bread!
Really? No one though to cut it before then?
So it begs the question, what is the next level bread tech yet to be discovered that will supplant the "best thing since" throne?
I actually like this TIL upvotes for you!
The best thing since printed bread.
&gt;I should like to let you know how important sliced bread is to the morale and saneness of a household. My husband and four children are all in a rush during and after breakfast. Without ready-sliced bread I must do the slicing for toast—two pieces for each one—that's ten. For their lunches I must cut by hand at least twenty slices, for two sandwiches apiece. Afterward I make my own toast. Twenty-two slices of bread to be cut in a hurry!

1943 first world problems
It's pretty telling that the first thing the government tried to do when the best thing ever was invented was to try and ban it.  
Betty White is older than sliced bread.
Well sliced bread was invented after Betty White was, so I'd say sliced bread is the best thing since Betty White. 
Now our bread is fucking terrible. Best thing my ass.
One word: pumpernickel 
worst thing since sliced hitler
If this were posted on April 1 I would assume it was a joke without looking. Great TIL.
I remember reading somewhere that Betty White was older than sliced bread.

Confirmed.
Still not Betty White.
Hey, this is a thread I can contribute to.  I work for a division of Bimbo Bakeries USA called Stroehmann, and we are one of the oldest bread companies in the states.  We actually sold a bakery to a man in 1928 that eventually turned that bakery into Wonder Bread. 
From a housewive:

&gt;Without ready-sliced bread I must do the slicing for toast—two pieces for each one—that's ten. For their lunches I must cut by hand at least twenty slices, for two sandwiches apiece. Afterward I make my own toast. Twenty-two slices of bread to be cut in a hurry!

Oh no, what a difficult and terrible life to have!
OP you broke the internet today!
Ok, on July 7 2028 we need to hold a giant sliced bread 100th anniversary party! We can call it something like, "The greatest party since sliced bread! "
http://i.imgur.com/DXKkggd.jpg
It's _wrapped_ bread.

The ad quoted is: "Announcing: The Greatest Forward Step in the Baking Industry Since Bread was Wrapped -- Sliced Kleen Maid Bread."
By that logic, the next best thing in Canada will be sliced milk.
What's sad is the fact that U.S. has "Texas Toast", which is essentially a fat piece of bread. Motherfucker, we're even fatties when it comes to bread. That's sad. (lol)
I thought it would have been referred to as the best thing since radio, since that's what people said at the time.
Bagged bread is still better though.

I love it how Family Guy used it in one of their cutaways.
I bet that somewhere, someone out there took a knife to bread and invented sliced bread prior to 1928. 
TIL Reddit is the best thing since bagged sliced-bread
2007 - iBread, the best thing since sliced bread.  
  
2015 - iBreadCandyCrush, the best thing since iBread.
Sliced bread is pretty shitty. Get a good whole wheat load and cut your slices to your own damn liking

&gt;invented 
Why do people think sliced bread is so great?
Yea yea. And Betty White is older than sliced bread. 

You don't Internet much, huh?
Wasn't like the toaster invented like way before sliced bread or something
Sounds like something someone made up tbh
My dad makes his own bread. Slicing your own bread is definitely interesting.
Sliced Bread was my high school nickname. 
this bread needs some bacon on it
They named it after him, so at least twenty slices, for two sandwiches apiece.
My grandma remembers being embarrassed in grade school because they had sandwiches on homemade bread. All the "rich" families could afford to buy sliced bread. She was born in '26, and her and my grandpa have great stories.
Most of these TILs refer to wikipedia for these stupid "facts."
According to the article the US rationed bread in 1943 and ordered a ban of sliced bread at the time because it increases consumption of bread. 
Interesting, though it was probably more of an American thing. Didn't really spread much outside the US until farily recently! In Scandinavia for example, we take our bread very seriously and don't sweeten it much! We love our dark whole wheat bread and even our white bread isn't as sweet as what I've seen from American products!!

Very few people ate that shit where I grew up, we all pretty much ate Norwegian non sliced bread. Just cut it, don't need it cut for you lol 

Now I am stuck here in Thailand, and all I get is the most horribly processed, sweetened and air'y shit I've ever had my displeasure of calling bred!! You can literally(I do mean literally) compress it to a tenth of its original size only using one hand! 

Though I've heard that the bread culture in the middle and northern parts of the United States(where all the Germans and Nordic immigrants settled) is pretty good though.

Man, I really hate sliced bread :( 
Isn't sliced bread bagged?
How deep does this go?
this TIL is severely disappointing.
or rather, best thing since Betty White
"What was the best thing *before* sliced bread? *Regular* bread? No: *giant sandwiches.*" 
—Jimmy Carr
Fun fact: Betty White is older than sliced bread.
Sliced Bread: The Greatest Thing Since Betty White
I'm not sure what is rising for the future of bread.
**Fun fact:** Betty White is older than sliced bread.

Birthdate: January 17, 1922
Sliced bread: the only thing different is everything.
Bagged bread hit its peak awesomeness when Wonder Bread included temporary tattoos to promote Jurassic Park in 94. I ate so much bread back then. 
I thought Sliced bread was the best thing since Betty White...
In Canada we call it the best thing since bagged milk.
Being alive during the era of saying "the best thing since bagged bread" was like being a beta tester for "the best thing since sliced bread"
I can't believe this single statement produced over 630 comments. 
And then Warburtons made Toastie, which is the best thing since the creation of the universe.
Betty White is older than sliced bread!
sounds like a rick and morty episode that could happen hehe.
Morty attempts to make a joke in another dimension, he says "Gee guys!...this is better then, then, then uh, this is best thing since sliced bread!" The room goes silent, everybody gives Morty a silent, confused stare.. Rick burps in, "Morty you morrrronnn, in this dimension bread never made its way to being sliced, *burp* , so your joke falls flat in the minds of theeeeseee idiots...See in their world, the best thing is still *bagged* bread, a bunch of..t-truly ape minded humans, Their *burp* just like you Morty arent they?...arent they!!"
Sliced bread was actually the best thing since bottled beer!
What was the best thing before sliced bread?
is a hotdog a sandwhich?
So what was the best thing before bagged bread?
Sliced bread, best thing since Betty White.
But what was bagged bread the best thing since?!
As a 21st-century engineer, I long for a time when world-changing inventions were this obvious.
Cool.
i thought everyone knew this...
[Betty White is literally older than sliced bread.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betty_White)
2050: "That's the best thing since cubed bread."
Wonderbread, responsible for overpopulation in the 20th century.
What comes after sliced bread though? Quantum bread?

What's quantum bread? I don't know. I guess we'll eventually find out.

Acually, maybe quantum break is skipping a couple bread generations. Breaderations? Haha

Maybe the next will be... cubed bread? Hey, that's sounds kinda right. 

"Cubed bread, the best thing since sliced bread."

Pretty catchy, I like it.
Fun fact: Betty White is older than sliced bread.
One of my life long curiosities just answered. Thank you so much!
Betty white is older than sliced bread 
To paraphrase George Carlin, what's the big deal with sliced bread? You've got bread. You've got a knife. Slice the motherfucker! 
Why is wrapped bread so good?
Betty White is older than sliced bread.
I've said it once, I'll say it again..Thank God for Davenport, Iowa.
Bagged bread was the best thing since bread.
Gosh, I'd love a sandwich but I don't really want to eat *two whole loaves* of bread.
There's a german phrase that goes:
"Das geht weg wie geschnitten Brot" (= sells like sliced bread, same as 'sells like hot cakes').
Wouldn't bread stay fresher, longer, if it wasn't sliced, and you covered the cut end with a plastic bread shaped cap? Or just kept it in the bread bag like sliced bread comes in, due to the crust being tougher? Plus you could have your desired bread thickness.
And here I thought sliced bread was always around. 
Bonus Fact: Betty White is older than sliced bread
How about the guy who invented bread itself? Where is the love for him?
And boy has Chillicothe MO been milking that one for all it's worth...
TIL my grandmother is older than sliced bread. 
"The greatest thing since sliced bread. So this is it? A couple thousand years…sliced bread? What about the Pyramids? The Panama Canal? The Great Wall of China? Even a lava lamp, to me, is greater than sliced bread. What's so great about sliced bread? You got a knife, you got a load of bread. Slice the fuckin' thing!! And get on with your life." - George Carlin
&gt; The greatest thing since sliced bread. So this is it? A couple thousand years… sliced bread? What about the Pyramids? The Panama Canal? The Great Wall of China? Even a lava lamp, to me, is greater than sliced bread. What's so great about sliced bread? You got a knife, you got a load of bread. Slice the fuckin' thing!! And get on with your life.

- George Carlin
ONLY?

Only?

only?

WTF?
Nobody thought to put a knife to bread till 1928?
And bagged bread was the best thing since??
NASA is filled with the kind of people who would be happy to pay this and make a funny story, but then the next time something crashes in country X which then demands $2 million or something, there's a problem.
Seeing the words "shire" and "Australia" used together can only make me think it's filled with some sort of Mad Max hobbits.
It should be noted that the Shire fined NASA *facetiously*, and the fine was actually withdrawn a few days later. Because of this there is no official record of the event occurring in the Shire archives. 
The National Parks Service essentially does the same thing with the Airforce in California.  There are a number of airforce bases in close proximity to National Parks and they use that airspace for training exercises, but the parks have restrictions on how often and how low the jets are allowed to fly for noise reasons, so every so often the Airforce gets fined by the Parks Service.  The parks actually have rangers tracking the jets overhead and logging them.

[National Parks Service Source](http://www.nature.nps.gov/naturalsounds/PDF_docs/USAFNPSWesternPacificRegionalSourcebook.htm) for those interested.
Reading the Wikipedia page, TIL that a 4% calculation error in reentry misjudged the crash area by about 8,000km.

That's a pretty big miscalculation.
TIL Skylab didn't fall anywhere near Camp Firewood.
Very Australian of them to fine NASA. "Farkin liddering aowar fackin' laaaaayndscape? Pay the fack app!" 

Edit: "...ya cunt!"
That's interesting, I assumed Skylab fell in the ocean. 

Are there any photos of the crash site, before things were cleaned up? I can't say I've ever seen a satellite crash site before, let alone something as massive as Skylab. 
I watched Simpsons today, and as the camera panned from Springfield to Australia, Skylab was spotted in the ground. I didn't understand what it was, until now. [Here it is, at 0:26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYK5JvDQL44). 

Someone on reddit mentioned a [law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_eponymous_laws) which said something like "If you read something, chances are you will likely see it mentioned again soon". I can't remember exactly how it went, but it seems to be true.
Wikipedia doesn't say; was the radio show American or Aussie?
My town is on Reddit!
I have a piece of Skylab on my desk. http://imgur.com/hWYTlQI
Kinda dickish of NASA to not pay the $400. Not like they charged them an exorbitant amount. 
FOUR UNDRED DOLLARY-DOOS
Sometimes I think the Simpsons episode were Bart wouldn't pay a phone bill was based off this 
Talk about a solid advertisement for the Radio host.

$400 for permanent advertising on Wikipedia?!
it says "The Shire of Esperance FACETIOUSLY fined nasa"
The fine was a joke.
That is one of the most random titles I have ever seen. Skylab, Australia, Littering, 30 years, Radio Host, NASA, fundraiser. I would never have thought I would have seen all these details in one article. 

I grew up in Esperance, they have parts of the debris in the local museum.
Coincidentally strange to see this in the  same week that  Esperance is making headlines here in Australia. Lightning caused a massive bushfire near there which has killed 4 people. These two events  are probably the only time the town has made big news.
A 4% calculation error is the difference between dumping the station on South Africa and Australia.

Astrophysics is rough math.
They put up a pretty badass [sign](http://imgur.com/LJKCy0b) afterwards. 
ITT: People don't understand what a joke is and presume to know the slightest thing about anything. 
Looks like some organizations are just exempt from the rules and laws that us common people have to follow  /s
The town of Esperance is experiencing huge fires at the moment with many farmers being killed and heaps loosing there houses. maybe they could pay back that fine here now and help out when they need it.  

http://www.wafarmers.org.au/donate-esperance-fire-appeal/
I knew NASA had a really tight budget, but damn...
Are there any photos of the event occurring in the ocean.
Paid with thirty years of interest?
I was 4 years I remember being scared that the damn thing will crash on our house in Africa. There were hype in the news about this thing. I could sleep well that night when it was anticipated that Skylab would crash


$400 adjusted of inflation is $1,387 in 2015
Is there a picture of what it looked like after crashing?
Hopefully that also happens to my littering ticket. It's been about a year and a month now
Soviet radioactive satelite fell in Canada in 1977 and Canadian goverment billed Soviet Union C$6 million, but they eventually paid only half of it. [Link.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kosmos_954)
Scumbag NASA.
Aahhhh *Lucky Bay*
They should have been thankful, preserved the parts and sold them on ebay later on. 
With interest? In todays money?
To be fair Nasa's budget has been a little ... uh... dry  lately.
confiscate the thing, sell it to junk dealers for pennies on the dollar to make it worth it to the ones hauling it away.  the shire gets money, the junk dealers get money
As long as it didn't hit the Pier Hotel, all is good.
I recall this event clearly. I was 12 or 13 at the time. The media in Australia loved it. The bigger story to the crash was the offer from some millionaire (American??) of a shitload of money to the first person to present him with a piece of Skylab that could be verified as authentic. This promise of getting rich sent heaps of people out into the harsh environment searching for the crash site.  
Makes me wonder if it is possible to just blast it off into open space instead of just letting this stuff come back.
Could someone please ELI5? Does NASA just cross their fingers and  hope that their shit doesn't land on a house, or someones dick when it falls back to Earth?
I was a gleeful little kid that got to see Skylab as it shot across the sky on one of its last orbits.  It just so happened to be passing over at the right time to catch the rays of the setting sun.

I was a happy adult to meet Edward Gibson, one of the astronauts that tried to fix Skylab.
Was is supposed to land where it did, or was is supposed to land in the ocean?
Sooo...NASAs a dick...
I tried to post this about a day ago, with the exact same link, and it wouldn't let me... reddit, why do you do this to me?
Esperance has fierce bushfires this week caused from lightning strikes. Quite a few deaths.... Secret NASA retaliation?
Cheap ass NASA 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GL8EqIikMc
Never heard of Skylab or this incident, suddenly the joke in the Australia episode of the Simpsons makes sense to me.
I remember seeing it night before it crashed. I wish I could find a picture of it's last few orbits where it passed over me.
Let's say, Hypothetically, one's dad had a tiny piece of insulation he nabbed off a piece of skylab at a museum many years ago,  and sealed it in clear epoxy with a pic of the exhibit.  Would it be illegal to own such a thing after his death some years afterwards?  Hypothetically of course
"The Shire"? But you said it landed in Australia, not New Zealand.
Only Australians would be so dim that they refuse a free spaceship.
TIL post contains facts from a Wikipedia page that was edited with the "TIL fact" a few minutes before they posted to TIL. Nothing suspicious here at all!
NASA: Doesn't pay outstanding fine. Doesn't goto court.

Civilian: Doesn't pay small parking ticket. Sent to jail 30 days.

#Logic
That's kind of a jerk move, NASA.
except the fine would likely have massively escalated to court summons and jail time - that's what happens over here normally.
Man, is it Thursday already? 
I thought the shire was in new Zealand, not australia!?!?
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3tff5c?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[The Simpsons Did It!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=iDuMp2kDxos)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tff5c/_/cx5yuy6?context=10#cx5yuy6) - Simpsons did it. 
[The Simpsons visit Australia](https://youtube.com/watch?v=cYK5JvDQL44)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tff5c/_/cx5vpgm?context=10#cx5vpgm) - I watched Simpsons today, and as the camera panned from Springfield to Australia, Skylab was spotted in the ground. I didn&amp;#39;t understand what it was, until now. Here it is, at 0:26.   Someone on reddit mentioned a law which said something like...
\[NSFW\] [2 year old Chinese baby  ignored by 18 people  left to die in street](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Yp2ZgeaJkAw)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tff5c/_/cx5x075?context=10#cx5x075) - Do you want a society like this? Because reasoning like that is how you end up in such a society. 
[Damo and Darren 1 - 'Train Station'](https://youtube.com/watch?v=vmL72sgVdAQ)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tff5c/_/cx5y2c0?context=10#cx5y2c0) - . Try and do these accents. This is the real deal. 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Typical US government. If you owe them money they make you pay it immediately or go to prison. If they owe many, good luck getting it. 
Superpower don't pay fines. Don't observe sovereign territorial water borders. We just won't sign the Convention Law of the Sea. What are you gonna do? Fine us? Ha. Good luck.
Omg a new day, and something about Australia! This must be a sign
Wait, they built a second Skylab and they just....put it in a museum?  Well damn.
I read the title as "TIL when the space station Kebab fell to Earth.."
At other times armed military troop show up and cordon off the area. They never keep anything hidden though, I know I know.
I kept telling them to pay it but they wouldn't listen to me
Today's NASA would have used the event as this week's excuse to flood my Twitter feed.
Too bad it wasn't Sydney or else [this](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/gundam/images/d/d3/1321920117950.png/revision/latest?cb=20111204074441) would have been relevant.
A sizable chunk also fell on Camp Firewood but you don't see them bitching
Good. I'm glad NASA didn't pay. NASA has furthered science and space exploration for the entire globe. Fining NASA $400 is a trite, petty, small minded action. If my neighbor was building a wind turbine in his back yard with the goal of going off grid and reducing his ecological footprint I'd be happy. And if he/she made design improvements and shared them on the internet I'd be happy. And if the turbine was perhaps not the prettiest to look at, and maybe one time a chunk of metal fell off of it during a storm and blew into my yard, I'd probably pick it up and go over to my neighbor and say "he dude, cool turbine, this piece blew over and landed on my yard". 

END. jesus friggin christ.

Now, if a douche bag dill hole idiot neighbor was having parties every weekend and there was a torrent of bullshit beer cans, whippets, and needles making it over the fence... well, then I'd probably get the authorities involved, and let them fine away. I mean, I'd probably go do some whippets first, but then for sure I'd call the cops.

Geeze, fuck you NASA.
The Shire tax guy sounds like a wanker.
bilbo baggins.
U WOT M8
"Shire"
TIL there's really Shires
TIL Australia has shires.
No, they didn't fine NASA.  It was a fucking joke.  

TIL everyone on the internet has Autism.  
You'd think they would have aimed for the oceans...the world's trash can
Well when the US keeps electing officials that refuse to fund NASA but want to defund planned parenthood... this is what happens. /s

'Murica.
The worst litter in australia are white people. How about sending the white trash back to europe? When are we going to fine europe for sending their trash to australia? 
WinCo is the shit! Only place I grocery shop.
They also have really awesome bulk bins and in my town they're one of the few stores open 24 hours.  Interestingly, the people shopping in the middle of the night seem to be entirely goths and lesbians.  
To clarify, any employee working more than 24 hrs a week gets to participate in the company health plan. 

To expand on the pension plan, according to the article more than 400 non executive employees (clerks, cashiers etc) have pensions worth in excess of $1 million each. 
WinCo stands for both, "Winning Company" and "Washington, Idaho, Nevada, California, and Oregon" since those were the states they originally operated.

*Edit: now with more source http://wincofoods.com/winco-answers/what-does-the-name-winco-stand-for/
The main thing I don't like about winco is that their produce is fairly poor. It doesn't last very long at all. However their overall prices, selections, and the bulk section are all very good. 
Oh man, Winco saved my life in college. Do they still only accept cash and checks?
It's not really comparable to Walmart. Walmart is a department store (e.g., Target and K-Mart) in which the larger versions also sell groceries.

Winco is a grocery store, comparable to Fry's, Kroger, Safeway, etc., but cheaper.
This is sponsored content- Jimmy
I'm originally from WI, but now live in CA. I use to shop at Woodmans, which has the same business model as WinCo.

My only complaint is that the area that I am in, there are limited choices and not everything is available like it was back in WI. Also the insane amount of people that always seem to be there regardless of the time of day. Otherwise, I am all about the deals. :)
Just don't go into one in Idaho on the first day of the month.  It will take you twice as long as the five people in line ahead of you use their WIC, SNAP, then debit card to pay.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/concentrationofwealth] [TIL that WinCo, a grocery store in the western U.S. not only undercuts Walmart on prices, but is employee owned, offers health benefits, and a pension plan for their employees. : todayilearned](https://np.reddit.com/r/ConcentrationOfWealth/comments/3u2lb7/til_that_winco_a_grocery_store_in_the_western_us/)

- [/r/hailcorporate] [Nice little Winco ad](https://np.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/3tzpbg/nice_little_winco_ad/)

- [/r/hailcorporate] [TIL \[specific company\] has much better prices than \[competitor\] and has \[really specific benefits\] for employees too!](https://np.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/3u02q2/til_specific_company_has_much_better_prices_than/)

- [/r/notcirclejerk] [TIL that WinCo, a grocery store in the western U.S. not only undercuts Walmart on prices, but is employee owned, offers health benefits, and a pension plan for their employees. : todayilearned](https://np.reddit.com/r/notcirclejerk/comments/3u0f3y/til_that_winco_a_grocery_store_in_the_western_us/)

- [/r/shitpost] [Have you heard of this corporation yet? I am not paid by them, why do you ask?](https://np.reddit.com/r/shitpost/comments/3u03ue/have_you_heard_of_this_corporation_yet_i_am_not/)

- [/r/shitpost] [literally advertising](https://np.reddit.com/r/shitpost/comments/3u1cda/literally_advertising/)

- [/r/titlegore] [TIL that WinCo, a grocery store in the western U.S. not only undercuts Walmart on prices, but is employee owned, offers health benefits, and a pension plan for their employees.](https://np.reddit.com/r/titlegore/comments/3u05he/til_that_winco_a_grocery_store_in_the_western_us/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Am I the only one who still calls it Cub foods?
In Utah they built most of their stores right next to Walmarts
Funny thing is all the locations here in WA that opened had permanent protesters from the local grocery store union since winco is nonunion.  Yet is seems that employees at winco get alot better treatment/benefits then the so called union negotiates for its own members.  
So how do they stay in business against Walmart?
Most of the comments here even read like advertisements for the place. It's creepy.
I haven't really shopped in one because there are closer options but I remember pro-union protesters outside of the stores for years. 
I hate to be the asshole that asks the hard questions, but this company has nothing in common with Walmart other than selling stuff for cheap. Why is it being used as a comparison? WinCo is a grocery store, nothing more. It runs on a low-service, no-frills business model, and probably sells a fraction of the SKUs and uses a fraction of the labor that a Walmart does.

It's like the constant, and equally irrelevant comparisons people make to Costco because they don't understand retail business models. Costco *also* works on a low-SKU, no-frills, labor-light model which wouldn't work for a budget department store like Walmart. Costco literally makes almost twice as much profit per employee as Walmart, and employs a fraction of the number of employees per store because it sells only a fraction of the number of products as Walmart. The only thing Costco has in common with Walmart is a reputation for low prices. But Costco is where middle and upper class patrons go to buy a small number of items in bulk, whereas Walmart is where poor people go to buy *everything*. 

WinCo's financials don't seem to be publicly available, but I'd bet their numbers look a lot like CostCo's. Low-margin, but low-overhead. 

Undercutting Walmart on prices in one very small section of Walmart's business isn't impressive in the slightest. They're a small regional grocer that doesn't have any infrastructure requirements. Okay...
I worked there before I joined the army, they are holding my position in case i need a job when i get out.
Native of the Pacific Northwest, can confirm. Winco is the shit!
Publix Supermarkets in the southeastern U.S. work on the same principles as WinCo
I shop at a WinCo here in Mesa, AZ. Last time I shopped the cashier gave me a $10 coupon off my grocery bill!! Pretty awesome. Plus, WinCo offers paper bags which I love. You bag your own groceries but that's no biggie. Definitely better than Wal-Mart in my opinion.
One late evening I went to Winco to buy eye contact solution. I was tired and waiting in line when suddenly I hear a commotion. Two guys were squaring off and yelling at each other. They started fighting, throwing fists and swift kicks. Two male employees jumped in trying to separate them. Out of no where a female checker opens and douses a gallon of milk all over them. They kept trying to fight, but they couldn't stand up. All four of them were slipping and sliding everywhere. They couldn't fight! It was like a bikini mud bath fight, but no mud or bikinis.  That day I learned milk can stop fights. I purchased my solution and exited Winco. 
I live 2 minutes from one. It's seriously amazing. Open 24 hours and dirt cheap 
This whole thread reeks of /r/HailCorporate 
Serious question, how do they prevent the work place from becoming a snake pit? I've heard stories of people in other companies trying to hold positions for friends or family, only to become very hostile to other people who fill those very sought after jobs.
I shop mostly at Costco and only visit local stores for items that Costco doesn't carry or last minute shopping. But while visiting my Mom I had the chance to shop at WinCo. 

WinCo is great! Prices and selection are very good. They also sell bulk items like spices which are much, much cheaper. You have to bag your own groceries and they take cash or debit I believe. They are open 24 hours and have a huge selection. When I visit my Mom I stock up on items that cost twice as much at other stores. Definitely recommend them.
Wasn't this up like.... 2 weeks ago?
Not only health insurance, but for their part time employees too! 
I know a guy who worked here, he absolutely loved it. He says great things about how the whole system works and he spent like 6 years working there. 





I wish people would start businesses like these more often. Co-ops are great ways to get into a business when you don't have the capital or want to start a small business. People constantly complain about how big corporations run the world and do horrible things, but they buy from them anyway. Become a competitor to big business by starting stores like these. 
Much like Walmart, it's impossible to spend less than an hour in Winco.
They have some bitchin' candy last time I was there.
I live very close to one in Washington. It is so convenient. It is also open 24/7. I like their pizza too. It's called "Leonardo's Pizza" or something. Reminds me of how Costco has their food court just a little smaller.
Walmart used to treat people like people then Sam Walton died.
I'm glad to see WinCo get some recognition. I can also attest that not only are prices better than any where else but the staff is truly pleasant and helpful.   
WinCo is basically Costco without the stupid membership stuff.
As a swede, it really surprises me that over in U.S you guys are so late with everything that involves benefits for employees/humans. I mean, everything WinCo offers, according to this article, most companies in Sweden have been offering to their employees since  80's. We've been taking it for granted the last 20 years or so. How come you guys haven't come up with this before? Is it because the rights of the employees are somewhat connected with socialism?
Think an almost Costco sized grocery store that sells normal portions for cheaper if not the same price as anyone.  You just have to bag your own groceries.  They only catch? You have to bag your own groceries. 

It's amazing.  They just opened one just a few miles from my house. YAY!
/r/HailCorporate 
They also shit gold and advertise on reddit by making TIL posts
Our Winco is a full service supermarket with a wonderful selection.   I haven't experienced any expired items and their bulk coffee and bulk nuts are always fresh.   A full grocery shop here runs me about $150 compared to over $200 in a regular supermarket.   I don't sacrifice anything by shopping at Winco.   
Winco is opening a location in my town. The neighborhood has been plastered with signs and fliers denouncing the new grocery store and saying how bad it will be for the city. I suspect the Walmart a mile down the road is likely funding the outcry.
WinCo is the best! The candy, nuts, flour and some other items are also sold by weight along with in packages so that was my go to bulk candy spot.
I love winco! They also carry some off the wall stuff. Like ground bison, ducks, things you couldn't find at an average supermarket, but awesomely cheap. I love shopping there. 
I don't know about the states, but in Canada the prices at Walmart are ridiculous.  The only items that are reasonably priced are the ones on sale and some "rollback" items.  The rest is way more than at the grocery stores where I shop.  People are blinded by the advertising and letting themselves get ripped off.
It reminds me a lot of Costco but with no membership fees...
I don't even have a Walmart near where I live, but I do have a WinCo. It's odd because it's a totally normal outer-city suburb area. Nearest Walmart is about 45 minutes away.
An article about WinCo and Walmart is still the top post of all time on Foodforthought found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Foodforthought/comments/1k7psj/walmarts_worst_nightmare_winco_is_an_idahobased/)
Can't wait to move back to the Pacific NW. I need to be able to walk to the store and buy snacks at any time of the night. Winco gets that. Winco gets me.
Winco is great. I do my grocery shopping every 2 weeks for the family. We spent over 100$ last week, and we got a free turkey!!
There's a WinCo down the street from my house... I used to shop there exclusively when I was poor. Wait, I still am...
imagine if the majority of people gave a shit and paid attention enough to make good decisions, like shopping at a place like WinCo over Walmart... the world would be a better place
Fuck yeah. Bought 3 poor mans  soups last night at Winco. Best thing I ever did with 9 dimes and had change to spare. 
And the Capitalists said worker managed operations wouldn't work...
Reminds me of Woodman's in the midwest.
So many stories of late night visits and working next door to one. I love WinCo, always will. Plus, fruit snack bears in bulk? Yes, please.
My dad worked for Waremart (now WinCo) for 40 years. He was able to retire with nearly 1.8 million from stocks alone. He worked his butt off!
Winco is fucking awesome 
This is the socialism reddit needs, but not the one it deserves right now.
Great store. The downside, I require a cigarette before and after entering the octagon because the customers are in a supermarket sweep, and you have to bag your own groceries. It's very stressful, but saves a TON of money.
I love winco also. However I usually go to costco and winco when its time to re up on groceries. 
I usually end up going to metropolitan market for meats, cheeses, and wine as well because winco and costco doesnt off the quality I am after. 
There's one around the corner from my house. The workers are entitled assholes that act as if they're better than everyone.
After looking at OP's comment history, it's hard to not be very suspicious about this.

This has spam written all over it and we're just lapping it up for some stupid reason...
TIL not everybody has a WinCo
There's also one in downtown Boise that's a surprisingly fun place to hang out at 2 AM when you are a high school student. 
Rediculous low great quality foods!
I worked for a smaller grocery store chain and whenever we dropped our prices to beat Walmart they would just  drop their prices one cent below us. Rinse and repeat.
I just moved (WA) and it's the closest grocery store. It's AMAZING. Great prices.
WinCo is like Costco.. but you dont have to buy in bulk.

BUT most items do expires within few weeks.
AZ resident here, I shop almost exclusively at WinCo for groceries. Their prices are great and the staff are all friendly.


I always wondered if that kind of business could compete with the large buyers like Walmart, guess now I know. if I had funding I'd open similar everywhere
AND THEY MAKE YOU PIZZA WHILE YOU SHOP

i was surprised when I ctrl+f'd this page and didn't see anyone talk about their pizza. You order a pizza, do your shopping, and then when you leave you pick up your pizza. it's so good. The town i live in doesn't have a winco, but my hometown did. I miss it. 

oh, and they're open 24/7! i grew up in a small town, and i've definitely hung out in a winco parking lot late at night. small town, :p
We shop at WinCo
I'm not knocking WinCo (sounds like a great company).  But, Walmart isn't that cheap (good on prices).   If you are willing to shop around, you can almost always find a better deal.  Also, the quality of Walmart goods is almost always sub par.

just my experience


This is the kind of shit i love to throw in the face of idiots who say the free market doesnt work
This sounds great on the surface, but how are the executives and shareholders supposed to get filthy, stinking rich off of the desperation of their customers and the exploitation of their workforce?  Unsustainable.  Business.  Model. 
I own part of my company too. Doesn't mean I have any say in business operations or what people get paid.
They're also grocery only with a VERY limited supply of non grocery items. 
TIL WinCo marketers know how to use reddit
I hate the anti - Walmart circle-jerk, but they suck compared to local grocery stores Hy-Vee and Fareway. They cost the same and have much better service.

 Whoever thought putting in self check lines and cutting down to 2 cashiers is a idiot. The moms who fill their carts with groceries while watching 2 kids are not going to deal with a self check line or waiting. 
Think there would be interest in an AMA from one or more employees there? I have an in-law that works at the corporate office in Idaho. Maybe it would be good to get a cross section of people. Store cashier, stock person, manager and corp person.
...and doesn't accept credit cards.
Doesn't carry nearly the selection of Wal-Mart. Doesn't accept credit cards. I don't think this is Wal-Marts "nightmare". Having to drag along cash and stop at another store for socks isn't worth saving a couple of dollars on groceries. 
there seems to be a grocery store like this everywhere I go.  In Iowa, it was Hyvee. In SC, its Publix.  They are 10 times better than Wal Mart in everyway
It's amazing what you can do with your revenue when billions of dollars of it isn't going into the pockets of CEOs and family dynasties.
I hate going to WinCo. It's cheap, but they tend to be kind of... "dirty" inside. 
24 hour grocery next to my place. Fuck yes. Finally, i can shop and avoid the offspring of people I hate
DATA POINT: I go to the winco in Phillips ranch California, its got wide isles and i haven't found a cheaper place to buy meat and poultry, it's across from a Walmart as well.  I've always wondered why there weren't any more wincos around as their prices are really good for the stuff mentioned.  Also they do take debit, for those curious.  they also have a giant sign that says "employee owned" and you can tell the employees take pride in working there...
I work right by a WinCo. I frankly am glad I don't have to drive out of my way to get to one. Fuckers are cheap as hell on basic shit like rice and potatos, and even frozen foods. For a guy who is frugal, it's a dream.
Only place I can go at 2 am and get hella snacks.
I worked there for 8 years, great company while I was going to school. There is a Wall Street Journal articles that talks about checkers that have been working there for 20 years that have a million dollars in Stock.
I would love it if WinCo would but some of these Haggens going out of business in southern California
I love WinCo!
My mom used to work there and would tell me that the head honchos of the meat dept. would send people across the street to Fred Meyer and make note of the prices of their meat just so that WinCo could mark down their prices just pennies below the competitor!
Worker-owned businesses and co-ops are really the way to go. If I'm going to spend half my waking life at work, I want a stake in how it's operated. 

There's so many times I've worked at places where the owners pull hugely stupid, unpopular moves that actually cost the business money because they aren't the ones working the floor, and have no idea what effect the changes will have. 

Also, if you can afford a shit ton of wal-mart stocks (or inherit them) you can be a billionaire. Meanwhile the guys busting their ass to actually make the store run (and produce profit for them) get peanuts. I want a slice of the pie. 

If you think about it, it's a lot like feudalism. Democratize the economy yo 
I didn't realize winco was just a west coast thing, but I've always loved them
Their pizza is a great thing.
I fucking love my winco. I get TP cheaper at target but other than that I can get out of winco with two weeks worth of groceries for under $200.
They are awesome.  I love the creepy bomb-shelter section.
When they say, "No sampling" on their bulk foods, that's more of a request, right? I mean, as long as you scoop it out with the scoop and not your fingers, it's ok, isn't it? 
Here in Texas a company called HEB is slowly choking Walmart out. They bring in a lot of their produce from the local area which is something that Walmart hasn't done until recent.
I love Winco! You can buy a bunch of stuff in bulk for super cheap and they are open 24 hours a day. The only problem is that I don't live near one anymore.
WinCo is the shit

I used to live in Spokane, WA and I fucking loved WinCo. I shopped there for 90% of my stuff. 
My company sells them products and they are a very good customer to work with.
Winco is way better then walmart. Super awesome prices and they are open 24/7. But they don't take any credit cards, but do take Visa debt.
Yeah winco is pretty cool. Very strange place. Certain things I buy regularly there, some things I will not buy there.
In the east we have Aldi which is awesome. The only people who shop at Walmart or Tops when there's an Aldi in the same area are there for non-food goods or the they think Aldi food must not be good because it doesn't have a popular label. Those people are idiots.
Yea my grandma has worked there for the longest time I think like 20+ years. I always wondered what kept her there. 
Away late night booze and candy run! WINco/FoodCo &gt; the walmart. 
My husband works for winco. They really are an awesome company!
Washington, Idaho, Nevada, California, Oregon. WINCO! 
Any Publix fans?
Grants pass, the city i live in is getting one. Should open in January. I'm so stoked
Avid supporter of Winco here; neither Walmart or Winco seems to be able to bring their produce sections up to snuff; always have to go to Fred Meyer or New Seasons to get cruelty-free vegetables.

That said, in my area they keep trying to make Wal-Mart happen, we now have 2 "neighborhood grocers" (one is still under construction).  They are very unimpressive, even compared to the super walmarts back east.  They are basically just convenience stores like Walgreens but with really tall ceilings... That said, they are kind of assholish too.  The second one is being erected right across the street from another grocery store, and Winco is still a mile down the road and far better than all the others in the area.
I love WinCO!
A friend of mine used to work there and he told me it was absolutely terrible. However it could have just been his specific store that wasn't that great. I do love their stores though. 
It's surprisingly easy to undercut Walmart. My business does it  and offers free delivery on top  plus I pay $32 an hour to start. 
I live in Irvine California, I would give my ass to anyone if I could work at a WinCo after hearing all my friends who have worked there in the past.
WinCo is THE BEST! Started in my hometown of Boise, Idaho!

So WalMart has no health benefits and no pension plan??? That is just... incredible. Why aren't all americans out burning cars and crashing all WalMarts (and similarly run businesses) to bits?
[Millionaire Grocery Clerks: The Amazing WinCo Foods Story](http://www.forbes.com/sites/maryjosephs/2014/11/05/millionaire-grocery-clerks-the-amazing-winco-foods-story/)

^ This is what "The Dream" is supposed to be.
How does Winco manage to treat their workers like human beings and still undercut Walmart?

1. No need to pay off external shareholders 
2. No credit cards accepted here
3. Slightly less choice of brands vs Walmart

IMO, Winco really hits an awesome sweet spot. They carry most of the brands that I want, and I can deal with not using a credit card. Best of all, I love that the profits go to the workers.
Winco is the greatest.

I could live off the bulk aisle alone.
Straight up advert
Walmart has health insurance, 401k, and stock participation, with pretty good matching. So much hate on Walmart, it's pretty dumb.
I worked there for awhile!! Really good company but my particular store had some weird ass management at the time haha 
AND WinCo is open 24/7

Costco and Wal-Mart can suck it.
Walmart has outlived itself. Adapt or die. I wonder if it can?  Perhaps like Comcast, it's corporate culture is poisoned so badly that the massive corporation is incapable of avoiding an inevitable collapse. 
Earlier this year I moved to Las Vegas, and within a couple of weeks I heard some white trash dude at Walmart say "Maaan, fuck this place. Let's go to WinCo, where da winnaz gooo." Decided that I wouldn't go to WinCo after that, but I guess I have to reconsider now.
Market Basket too!
That might just be why i have never heard of it.
I miss Winco! I have written many times for them to come to the east coast. We use to drive 45 minutes to shop there....the closet grocery store was 25 minutes so Winco wasn't that much farther. 
I love winco. Its like costco without the membership. 
I like Winco and wad very happy when they expanded into the Western Washington market (my parents live in Idaho and I've shopping there for years). My only complaint is their meat selection and quality isn't there. Deli stuff is standard and chicken is okay. But pork and beef aren't as good as More traditional supermarkets or Costco. Food prices are the best and they have a good produce selection.
One just opened in northern San Diego county. It's open 24 hours, and the prices just blew me away. I had heard it was lower than everyone else, but I had weird flashbacks to the late 90s. There were items that are usually a $1 for **under** $0.50!!! 

There are a few things I'm going to get from other stores that winco doesn't carry, but those items are very few. The selection is insane.

This, and no membership, and the employees are paid pretty well so this is guilt-free shopping?

I'll even mention, I went at 3am, and it was very well staffed!
It takes us 3hrs roundtrip and its worth every minute. I get better than 300% more for my $ than any Kroger owed shop in the Seattle Metro.
$450 lasts two if us more than a month, and we only spend about another $100 month to fill in what we missed.

The bulk spices saved us hundreds alone.

Provisioning for long trips away from civilisation here is a no brainer.

Rather shop at WinCo that Wal-Mart, in my area WinCo is usually cheaper on most things by around a quarter to 50 cents. 
Look into HEB in Texas.
Socialism in action!
I shop WinCo every week. Amazing store. Ours has eggs for $0.79 a carton and gallons of milk for $0.69. I think bananas are $0.10 each. It's ridiculous. Our grocery bill for 3 people went from about $230 a week on average to around $115 now shopping at Winco. 
I live in Pendleton. I drive an hour to Kennewick just to shop there once a month it's that good.
I used to work near a WinCo, and I visited that particular one every week. It reminds me of a cross between Food 4 Less and Smart &amp; Final, except friendly employees and items generally cheaper than competing stores, including alcohol.
Yes!  WinCo is amazing!  If it was closer to my house I would exclusively go there!
It's also the best grocery store in town. I don't know how I got by before I lived near a WinCo
FTWco 
What does employee owned mean? They own the majority share of the stocks in the company? Every employee? 
I cross the border to shop at Winco,  that place is awesome
Well, I'm going to Winco now. I will happily support any business who treats their employees well.
Finally WinCo™ gets the exposition it deserves? I have been shopping at WinCo™ my whole life and they have never let me down! Incredible prices, stellar staff, quality goods! All in one place.

What are you waiting for? Go shop at WinCo™!
I've worked as a vendor for the last eight years, visiting both Walmarts and WinCo's often in the same day. I will not hesitate to tell you that I vehemently hate walmart for many reasons. Of all the stores I visit, they are the absolute worst in *almost every* regard. Over the years I have learned to generally go out of my way to shop at WinCo, and I literally always go out of my way *not* to shop at walmart.
I shopped at WinCo just today! I love that store
WinCo's prices are so good, I had a friend in college who seriously believed the place was for welfare dependents only
I never buy bread or produce at my Winco it always goes bad super fast.

But fresh almond butter?! Yes, please!
I always shop at Winco. They are dirt cheap.
Anyone care to share exactly how the employee ownership works with Winco? Very interested.
And it's 24 hours! 


And it's a fucking trip on acid. 


And got that dank dried sugared kiwi



Mmmmmmm
Too bad the one I worked for didn't give a fuck about their employees.  Request a couple of days? Have to change your availability for whatever reason? Enjoy going from 35+ hours a week down to 10 for the next month.

Getting caught up on all your work? Great job! Here's some more! Oh and here's more! What? You didn't finish on time? You'd better move faster or you might get written up. Oh no overtime though so if you stay late you'll get written up to. Sure, just clock out and then finish up, no problem. Oh wait, corporate's on my ass now? Oh I'll just throw you under the bus! You should've just clocked off and went home, you could've just finished tomorrow, duh.

Good job making it 5 years into the company. Enjoy your pay raises and stock in the company. What's that? There's a rumor you were rude to a customer or your till was slightly off. That's fine we'll just fire you and hire someone new. Why would we pay you 18 bucks an hour when we could pay someone else 9. Oh and for everyone else you guys better haul ass. Money's tight right now (even though we're making record profits this year and hiring a bunch of part time people) but if you realllllly want those hours keep busting your ass and hope to god you don't get sick or fall behind. God forbid someone "accidentally messes up" the schedule you only end up with 10 hours a week for the next month.

But winco's a great company with flexible schedules, great pay, benefits and stock...so long as you can keep your job.
Just moved to Idaho to a town with a WinCo. Last week my boyfriend locked his keys in the car, went inside to ask for a 'slim jim'. The employee offered to give him a ride home instead. The bulk bins are the shit too, we walk out with bags and bags of dry foods for us and our critters. I went crazy when I saw buckets of chocolate milk mix and a crazy assortment of trail mix. 
We drive 20 minutes out of our way to shop at Winco.
There's some pretty incredible success stories from long time employees of WinCo. The company's employee stock ownership plan allows for even the lowest level full time employees to own "millions" in stock.

http://www.forbes.com/sites/maryjosephs/2014/11/05/millionaire-grocery-clerks-the-amazing-winco-foods-story/
i work at walmart, i have health benefits, and 401k and stock contributions etc... its not all that bad if u actually take your job seriously and arent 18 years old living with mom not giving a fuck about anything... Walmart treats me just fine because I respect my job and work hard.
... but, but, but if we are to believe Corporate America, the *only* way to stay competitive is to gut your employee's benefits and pay them the absolute lowest possible rate.  

After all, that's how they justify outsource of millions of manufacturing jobs, as well as the shit treatment they give their US employees.
Well yeah, but they cut corners by making you bag your own crap.  Not like those fancy full service Walmarts.
And?
Having Winco and Costco within 15 minutes of each other is heavenly. Plus Winco does not require membership.
WinCo and Costco are the bifecta of grocery shopping. I love the knee-push button when you bag your groceries


WinCo was pretty annoying before they started taking debit cards.  It used to be cash or foodstamps.
They don't have fingerling potatoes though :(
But do they have the Patti LaBelle sweet potato pie?
They also have a kickass bulk foods section.

Nice shilling attempt /u/Squidseesential
Just don't buy meat from WINCO. I've never seen a good package of in their coolers. Always end up having to make a second stop for the meats on my grocery list.
I live in Las Vegas and drive to the other side of town just to grocery shop there. It's great
As a Vegas resident we have a couple of these in town. Hands down my favorite grocery store. I love the dispensers that let you pick your own snacks, noodles, candy, various ingredients and whatnot. 

I forgot what brand of beef jerky they sell but it's some of the tastiest jerky around. I highly recommend buying their jerky if you have these stores in your neck of the woods. 
Hmm, I don't believe in free lunches. What the downside to this place?
I go to chico state and I thank God that they put a winco right in the middle of chico!
Winco is awesome.
I live about 40 mins from a winco and now i see why my friend goes through the hassle of driving that long to get to it 
its got a damn fine shopper experience too... when you walk into a winco, there's just this feeling of chill happiness. the other shoppers actually have pleasant small talk with eachother... its wild! i'm a freak, and i know i'm a freak, so it's a pretty big deal when random folk just casually talk to me without trying to sell me something or offer soul saving advice on my choice of appearance. its really just an all around good time when its time to go to winco. 
I have one right next to my house
Fucking love WinCo. Was there last week. OH! what do you know, time to grocery shop for Thanksgiving at WinCo this week :)
Sounds like Hyvee out here in the Midwest 
wow. A company for the people, by the people and seems to actually care about the people. GTFO
I never been to winco at normal hours - I usually go right around 12 when I get a munchies fix. Love the prices. A bag of gardetto's for 99 cents? Arizona ice tea for 74 cents? Now they're starting to carry bombers (22 oz) of craft beers too. Awesome.
WinCo is the only reason I can afford groceries. Love that place!! 
so this is basically saying that the so-called low-price leader's prices are still padded for profit
We need more WinCos.  Their prices are incredible.
Makes me feel better about shopping there. I just thought it was nice, because it was a bulk grocery store. 
Well now I have no excuse not to shop there!


I stop at WinCo on my way to my cabin in the mountains. The cost of a weeks worth of food is about 2/3 of what it would cost in the Bay Area. Unit prices are about the same as Costco, but without the requirement to buy in bulk. Stores are no-frills, no advertising, and many of the products are just stacked in the boxes they came in. 
They opened a few stores around my area, went to check out. I'm pleasantly surprised to see the good, low price. The only thing I don't like is you can't use credit cards. It probably makes sense for them to lower cost.
That's awesome...and that folks is Capitalism
Same reason I like credit unions.    
I used to live in a sketchy area in my state and one of these fine establishments popped up and I frequented it often. I have since moved on to a "better" neighborhood and I'm too far away... Some things aren't better in the new area. =( 
Aldi does also.  And they pay their cashiers around 14/hr, their assistant managers around 20/hr, my wife makes 25/hr (with no OT restrictions, which is extremely rare in retail) as a manager trainee and their store managers make 70,000 salary plus bonuses monthly.  On top of that, they match 5% on the 401k, with no cap.  They also have probably the best health insurance I've ever seen.  We recently had an ER visit totaling over 6k.  I think we're paying around $150 bucks. 
There's a great RadioLab episode about these guys
I saw a long presentation about them last month by Jean-Michel Claverie, the leader of the team who discovered them (he discovered as well as most of the others known giant viruses : Mimivirus, Mamavirus, and the first virus able to infect other viruses, Sputnik). Ask me if you have any questions about them.
Why viruses aren't considered domains of life: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_(biology)#Exclusion_of_viruses
Gosh, its name is Pandoravirus.  You'd think that the scientists would have realized there was something strange just based on it's name.
I thought there were already 5 domains of life and that viruses are not alive? Is calling this a virus a misnomer?
Well fuck, first Megavirus chilensis, now Pandoravirus salinus, both found here in Chile... 

brb leaving the country.
What is interesting though, Is also the size. These guys can grow up to the size of a micrometer I believe, which is quite large for a virus. Most viruses are ludicrously small as they infect cells such as the 6-8 Nanometer bacteriophages, where as bacteria, still incredibly small,  are usually anywhere from 2-8 micrometers long.
I misread the title as Pandavirus.
What are the other 3 domains of life?
What are the first 3?
Should have called it the Andromeda Strain.
Damn spooky 
Is this what that tomb raider movie was about?
Aliens
It's like the scientists who named this *want* to live in some apocalyptic movie, since they named it something like *Pandora*virus.
Sounds better than IHeartRadiovirus. 
Archaea are extremophiles Archaea are considered prokaryotes.
They're probably here to fight off the aliens when they arrive.
pandoravirus is kind of giant of viruses, and yet it's named pandora, don't you dare open it :)
One of the symptoms of infection with this virus is that you hear music in your head nonstop. But at least it is music of your favorite genre.
"cannot be traced" is not the same as "has not yet been traced".
It's just encrypted
I'm afraid of **GERMS** Roxanne, **GERMS!!!**
this is why i hate the internet!
ELI5 4th Domain of life?
Read that as '4th dimension of life.'
Now I'm imagining what it would be like if a virus based life form evolved to sprout arms and legs. 
And what do you mean by "4th domain of life"?
Kill it! What are you waiting for?!?!
ELI5 what is a domain of life?
I thought viruses weren't counted in the domains? 
What is domain of life? 
I looked at that and said, "something like a cross between a parasite and a virus". Article says "parasitizes ameoba". Holy shit I learned something in college. Thank you, Dr. Coats.
Aliens
damn nature! you scary!
&gt;"Don't worry they can't harm us, they can only destroy 50% of the Earth's ability to produce oxygen". 

Well new I'm worried. 
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/78/fc/b4/78fcb45a339efbeaccfb3982aab35708.jpg
&gt; up to 60 percent of bacteria in the oceans can't be grown in the lab

Wait, what? Why not?
It's just encrypted
Alien origin? 
Couldn't the DNA just be junk?
For heaven's sake. Don't open it
Found exclusively on Charlie Sheen.
Could this possibly be not from earth? 
What if some alien life lived on earth millions of years ago, and these viruses killed them off and life started over, so that's why we don't recognize the DNA?
W-w-w-what did you think, Morty?  That life just developed on Earth by itself?
Largest? They still had to use an electron microscope to see it. I guess large is relative.

And I have a few large relatives.
Otherwise all the way down.
It's always interesting what you find with each repeat pass at old "knowledge"
what does that mean?
And they're so cool they only hang out with tardigrades.
Easier to navigate through the episode, if you want to make a noun plural, don't use an apostrophe.
What's so outlandish to think a type of bacteria was embedded in a lab, called Acantamoeba castellanii, on which they put dilutions of environmental samples.
It's a mammal.
ELI5?
Also, their genome is a HUGE stretch with this one.
So if these things are viruses and not alive- or another domain of life- what other weird shit that's quasi alive and out there / possible? Prions are some scary shits. Could alien life literally be a completely different definition of what alive really is?
Prokaryotes divide into archaea and bacteria as prokaryotes when talking with others in the ocean's sediments there.
It looks like the Space Jockey spaceship from Alien.
Shrink, not sure of the ribosome, a unique feat among viruses.
so someone want to tell me why this is not correct? A lot of science things have titles that are always completely misleading 
Aliens
Pretty old article, but still interesting. And still full of grammar errors. D:
Read as pandorovarius and was confused 
reminds me of Behemoth 
It's probably already been mentioned somewhere in this thread, but there are a number of leads suggesting more than the current 3 domains of life. Most recently, I was reading a [New Scientist article](https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg22830474-800-mystery-microbes-in-our-gut-could-be-a-whole-new-form-of-life/?utm_source=NSNS) (Paywall alert) that explains the gut microbiome may be significantly different enough from other organisms to be classified as a new domain.

Edit: Paper in question can be found [ here](http://www.biologydirect.com/content/10/1/64)
It's gunna turn water red and bitter.
Radiolab did a really interesting piece on this a few months ago. I think the episode was called "Shrink". 
National Geographic and Rupert Murdoch...
Welcome to Pandora kiddos!
There is a great Radiolab episode on this. Check out CRISPR
What is a "4th domain of life" ?
Sorry for opening those vaults :/
VOUS?
ELI5 that fucking title, please.
The image looks more like a parasite egg than a virus.
[Could it be?](http://i.imgur.com/2pNmViL.png)
Yes, but Sputnik is the powerhouse of the viruses don't vary much.
Of course Australia!
You should edit your comment. It's not even relevant to the conversation and the microbiologists who worked on this are more knowledgeable than you. Read all the comments explaining the  4th domain aspect that corrected you.
The taxonomy is very complex and consists of numerous higher unranked supergroups, some of my best friends are karyotes.
Ayy
Can someone please ELI5 in regards to the 4th domain of life thing? :)
That said, we talked about this subject for way too long in every environment bacteria are found in.
The Pandorica Opens!
If aliens, bent on clearing Earth of all inferior humans, were to develop a bioweapon to do all their dirty work...this *Pandoravirus* is probably it.  And our study of it is how it'll be triggered.      
        
Now I'm off to get all the plastic sheeting and duct tape as I can find.
Well I'd fucking hope a virus is related to bacteria, to archeas and eukaryotes, including genes for parts of the complex life you see around you would exist.
Soo... viruses as a means to "planet form" a planet.
I wonder what type of proteins they're made out of and if the structure is still helical? Does anyone have a link to a diagram of what this may look like?
In this thread: people who believe the article is about recognising viruses as a fourth domain of life.
The information here is a much better, but likely incomplete, system.
Many people (myself not included) already argue viruses themselves are a fourth domain of life. The fact remains that viruses do not poses any metabolic activity of their own nor do they have the means to reproduce without a host. Regardless of the size of a virus' genome, viruses are not alive by our definition and thus cannot be considered a fourth domain of life.
What are the other 3?
A buncha non-microbiologists in here giving their wrong assumptions and getting up voted to the poster asking why it isn't considered a domain of life?
Maybe because it's the biggest it's evolution let it to duplicate and mess it's dna/rna (not sure what it has) up enough that we can't tell where it comes from. Spit Ballin here
My auntie is all about the king of trolls He's posted on the boat.
This is how I will always upvote Conan references.
KenM is a bit special.
However, their taxonomy is very complex and consists of numerous higher unranked supergroups, some of the virus, should it prove to have a larger capsid I misread the title as Pandavirus.
Archaea are extremophiles, so basically just other single celled organisms that were incorporated into eukaryotic cells as organelles.
Is it that the virus itself was representative of a micrometer I believe, which is an important question.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/genreinspiration] [TIL of the Pandoravirus: a giant virus where 93% of their genes resemble nothing known, cannot be traced to any known cellular lineage, and suggests a 4th domain of life. : todayilearned](https://np.reddit.com/r/genreinspiration/comments/3uykxc/til_of_the_pandoravirus_a_giant_virus_where_93_of/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I think the question that needs to be answered is "Will it blend"?
i always just assume it got here by way of asteroid
I had a pandavirus. I went black and white and started eating bamboo. 
Virus is not a life form.
I love how the article insults the reader by telling us what a genus is--as if that's something not learned in early school years.
my mother in law has this
No Borderlands references?
I like how they make it sound way worse than it is and then half way through the article say 'first of all its not harmful to humans'
Or maybe alien?
"This ain't Kansas boys.. This is Pandora!"
Could have originated from outer space, and arrived here by asteroid. I am fairly certain that is how humans originally started. However, a virus cannot be labeled as a 'domain of life', at least I think.
[deleted]
Your mom suggests a 4th domain of life.
I am pretty sure there is more from where it came. The world is at the brink of dreadful and scary possibilities.
Someone has been watching Narcos.
*Colombia
Just got back from Colombia on Monday. Was only there for a week but spent most of my time in Medellin. Was able to visit Pablo's farmhouse..  Where a bomb in the fountain went off. 

Honestly I didn't feel scared at all. I was in nicer areas for the most part. Everyone I met was extremely friendly... Besides customs. So many people offered to let me stay with them on future trips. The climate was amazing. 

I will be back again next year. 
Hey did you hear about his rubber bands?
Today I Watched 
This is a more like a gossip or a myth, it was denied by his son recently.

Edit(link in spanish):http://www.eldiariony.com/2015/09/14/10-historias-increibles-de-narcos-que-realmente-ocurrieron/

"Efectivamente, varios escritores y periodistas colombianos han negado que Escobar alguna vez se ofreciera pagar la deuda externa de Colombia a cambio de una tregua."

It says several writers and journalist have denied that Escobar offered to pay Colombian's debt.

Plata o Plomo!?
[That picture in the thumbnail](https://www.google.com/search?q=escobar+botero&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiYv-LP37zJAhUJ22MKHaVQCE4QsAQIHA&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=955) is from a Colombian artist named [Fernando Botero](http://www.wikiart.org/en/fernando-botero). He likes making people look fat so its a (even more) fat Escobar as he is shot on the rooftops.
Columbia University has had that much debt? Damn...what they been doing?
Narcos... Pablo took in 60 million one day. Sometimes there is just not enough coke.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escobar,_el_Patrón_del_Mal

There was a series before Narcos that was awesome and was from Pablo Escobar if you like Narcos you will love this one!
My cousin is in the DEA and narco's came out I was asking him about how much of the story was true.

He says that he hopes by the time the series is over we get to see how money had become so devalued to Pablo Escobar that he would bring millions of dollars of cash on the fireplace to keep him and his family warm while they were on the run.

That he had so much money at one point that he couldn't keep it in banks so he would line it in the walls of his and his employees houses. 

And the reason why he had bought so much stuff for his city wasn't out of some sense of duty but because he had nothing else to do with his money. 

I aspire to be "eh might as well just buy a New soccer field, hospital, Road, police station, fire department, city infrastructure, and whatever else" rich. 
1. I like Narcos too, OP.
2. If I were the Columbian government at this time, I would've taken the deal. What about you guys?
It's Colombia, not Columbia... 
Couldn't they just dip into their endowment instead of tainting their Ivy League reputation? 
Did he have that much money? Jesus Christ lol
ITT: angry Columbians

edit: Colombians
I recently *read* Killing Pablo and I found the relevant passage from the book. 

The pictures are in the wrong order, but just read the blue. 

imgur.com/a/72qdV

edited in the word *read*
Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia Colombia with an O. 
They should have taken the deal. They could have told the Americans to go elsewhere with their pushy trade deals. 
It's COLOMBIA. 
TIL, you need to learn how to spell Colombia
According to this source this statement needs some serious qualification
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Pablo_Escobar
The only sad part of the story is how "Narcos" and all the other "Colombian Telenovelas" can only focus on drug trafficking, kidnappings, etc. There is so much more to Colombia than that. People are getting rich out of the depression and killings of thousands of people, and the media only loves to showcase that to make it even worse. 
AHH! ITS COLOMBIA!!
*ColOmbia, not Columbia.. 
*Colombia
I watched that episode too. 
He was a scumbag and deserved to die
how FUCKING HARD is it to spell Colombia?! COLOMBIA!!
As a Colombian....it bothers me each and every single time someone misspells my country's name wrong. :(   
It's ColOmbia. Not ColUmbia.
And it might have ended the drug trade there too but the powers that be didn't want that.
If the Colombian government had accepted the offer, then the USA government would've sent some freedom to that country as it would've been against USA interests.
Why didn't he just pay it anyway?
&gt; "It must suck to have groups of gringos staring at your house taking photos all the time," quipped Peter, an Australian backpacker as he snapped photos with his smartphone. 

classic peter
Actually his son came out and said he did not ever make this offer.
A friend of mine I had used to say I looked like him. He would also tell me I look like Bruce lee's brother, and when I asked who that is, he said "uglee" -_-
If Americans didnt want the drugs they had vast resources available.
Colombia**
He was still a fucking scumbag
colOmbia!!! Plz! We're not in BC here c'mon
How does a university amass so much debt?
PLATA O PLOMO HERMANO!
Since Pablo was worth billions of dollars, I wonder what his family is worth now?  Are they still secret billionaires?
He died on this day. What a coincidence.
I believe Mexico's Rafael Caro Quintero made the same offer to the Mexican government.
Maybe he could help out Chicago and Illinois, it's probably close to that amount.
So did Caro Quintero in Mexico, goverment just realized it was more profitable to seize the money and keep letting people pay the debt.
That would be the ultimate political bribe.
loljazeera
Have a degree in political science doesn't teach you on how to play it right.
Hmm. I read that it was actually Carlos Lehder, a co-founder of the Medellín Cartel, that made this offer through Escobar. Lehder made the offer on two separate occasions.
I travel a lot and have been listening for something interesting enough to post.
Some Bolivian made the same offer to have his son released from American custody.
I'd would have let him do it and then turned him in anyway 
thats some LONG money
I've heard rumors of El Chapo offering to do something similar. Has anyone else heard this? 
TIL Colombians are super sensitive about the spelling of Colombia. 
So why didn't they take the offer, and then extradite him?  It sounds like a win-win for Columbia.
Who's "us", where is this, and do I have to be good at trivia? Because I really suck at trivia :p
Columbia would probably be a thriving nation.
I think of Columbia as a country It's Colombia, not Columbia...
I, too, watched Narcos on Netflix.
Spoilers!
Having watched Narcos and subsequently reading up on the guy; this TIL is part of the reason I wonder if Colombia wouldn't have been better off if they had let the guy do his thing. Seemed like before the war on him he was doing great things for the people of Colombia. 
Of course there were a lot of drug victims, but did the evil outweigh the good?
Maybe he can help pay off our debt?
Essentially Columbia had to help capture Escobar, the Americans were coming in to get him one way (voluntarily) or another (CIA removes everyone from power and overthrows the government). Above all else the US wants to wield their own political power in all countries. Back then the CIA had more unfettered reign in foreign politics. Nowadays it has to be more covert as it's harder to disguise. 
Take the deal, then send him to the US anyway.
Get far like a shooting star
He once used his money to keep him warm in winter, by burning it.
And that's because he'd still have about 10 billion left for himself.
I'm not sure how I feel (morally) about the whole "Robin Hood" aspect of Escobar.

On one hand, he gave a ton of his money to help aid poverty. On the other hand, he did kill a lot of people too. Kind of like how the Yakuza gives money to help the victims of natural disasters such as the Japan earthquake of 2011.
I'm saving up for a new bike. 
I recently traveled to Medellin and recommend it highly.  The scenery is beautiful, food is amazing, everything is very inexpensive, and you can't beat the weather.
The best of all it was all american money.
they should have taken the deal
AMA by the guy playing him in Narcos and this at same time.. Yeah, no shilling here folks. 
But then he'll hold it over their heads the rest of their lives.  

Pablo: Hey Bob, can you help me move?

Bob: Sorry man, my truck's full and my back's been hurting...

Pablo: But remember that time when I paid your $20 billion foreign debt?  It's like you don't even care how much I helped you.  The *least* you could do is help me move.

Bob: *sigh* ... okay ...
Plata o Plomo?
What is that thumbnail...
And the government didn't take it? It's $20 billion dollars for a single person. Just take it and spend 0.0001% of it having him hit.
If he did, take him up on it. Then extradite him, after all, those are proceeds of crime to be confiscated by the state.
It's Colombia,  not Columbia.
Colombia*
Another illiterate poster that writes it COLUMBIA, despite the article having the correct COLOMBIA spelling. My dear gringos, is it really so hard...? 
It's Colombia!!! U.u

Omg TIL you watched Narcos on Netflix. 
Colombia* 
Col**o**mbia

And Pablo Escobar was a super dangerous person.
that woudl be a form of money laundering prohibited by most first world banking regulations.
Somos banditos
Somos banditos
Has it ever been argued that the story of Pablo E. Wasn't a war on drugs. 

But was the battle of who would control the Columbian drug trade? The cartel Vs. The elite(USA)? 
I would be open to the idea of a narco drug lord paying off our 18 trillion dollar debt to stay out of jail.. 
COL**O**MBIA
ColOmbia, fuck!
*cringe* Colombia* not Columbia. Two different things
*ColOmbia not Columbia.
Narcos on Netflix - Best show on TV right now..

WATCH IT!
I'm a Colombian... currently living in Colombia, and I have to disagree with everything... y'all uninformed.

Pablo Escobar era was brutal, he didn't care about no one (only the people in his natal city) and yes he did offered to pay the foreign debt. He was that powerful.
COLOMBIA COLOMBIA COLOMBIA I FUCKIN HATE WHEN PEOPLE CALL MY FUCKIN COUNTRY COLUMBIA ITS COLOMBIAAA
Colombia=/=Columbia 
If the government hadn't folded to the US's will and just let them make the drugs... there wouldn't have been the insane violence. Drug Wars are WARS. Stop the wars by legalizing the drugs. It's almost like magic!
[deleted]
I for one would take that offer. 
[deleted]
Everyone on this thread needs to watch Narcos!!!
COLOMBIA GOD DAMN IT, COLOMBIA NOT COLUMBIA!
Colombia*
True/Genuine or not, I wonder what the international political fallout would have been had they accepted such a deal
Didn't his son refute this and say it wasn't true?
does it make him a good guy. animal
 ennimmallll
If Americans didnt want the drugs they had vast resources available.
Placebo Boars is the anagram for Pablo Escobar. TYL
Fuck! they should have let him pay it, then renege on the deal. What's he gonna do?
&gt; Escobar's grave is the second most visited [tomb] in South America

Now I'm intrigued, which is the most visited?
I was thinking of the people from his mistakes.
Doubt OP even read the article. It's right there in massive writing.
Thats pretty fucked... When one dude has more cash than the country he lives in
Money is not everything.
at first I read the title as if there was a drug called "lord Pablo Escobar".  
read it as Columbus hehe, well he was a pretty unpleasant guy
Why did the US want him anyway?  Were they not getting their cut or maybe he was undercutting the CIA's own drug-running operation around that time?
Nice guy.
if the USA had spine, we'd have our pharmaceutical gangsters paying off our debt.
Isn't it just to not get extradited? Still put his ass in jail for THE FUCKING ASSASSINATIONS of a goddamn Minister, agree to that term, take out Uncle Pablo's deposit and execute him the moment he comes back. 
Pablo said he would pay half he only had 3 billion. If you look up their debt it was only around 3 billion or so.
Medellin wasn't a very good movie. Almost ruined Vincent Chase's career. 
That must have resulted in an interesting closed door cabinet meeting.
I love that this is right next to the Zuckerburg charity post...
The guy had 20 billion in wealth at that time?  Seriously why didnt he just buy himself an island and just live there the rest of his life?  Or even just make some legal companies at that point and buy out the competition? 
Never take money from a wise guy.
There's a great book I started reading after watching Narcos called Killing Pablo. Anyone interested in learning more about this fella would enjoy it too.
That would have probably been the world's biggest bribe.
"Escobar's grave is the second most visited [tomb] in South America," 

So what's the first?
Why would he pay off Columbia's debt when he lived within Colombia's jurisdiction?
His son already denied this information. He asked his father if he was really willing to pay colOmbia's external debt, to which Pablo said no 
*Cash*
 "It must suck to have groups of gringos staring at your house taking photos all the time," quipped Peter, an Australian backpacker as he snapped photos with his smartphone. 

Made me chuckle!! 
He might have offered but it was probably just a PR stunt as he did not come close to having that kind of capital according to his son who said that Forbes were grossly overestimating his net worth. 

Source: http://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelnoer/2011/11/15/pablo-escobars-son-forbes-is-lying/
Fun fact: exactly today (2 december), in 1993, Pablo Escobar died. 
Anyone know where "El Chapo's"wealth lined up with Pablo's.
Think on it: One man could (allegedly) set the financial clock back to zero for an entire country and offered to do so. The only reason the politicians wouldn't accept a deal like that is they know the debt is the very leash they use to keep the populace in harness. 

Pablo might have been a homicidal vainglorious maniac, but the politicians were just pissed they didn't have his capital. They got it in the end anyways. They knew they could squeeze him till was killed or jailed. 

Politicians ain't no bettah!
Colombian here. Actually, Escobar didn't say that, but Carlos Lehder, if Colombian government declines extradition policy or something like that. 
Addressing the larger point of this article -that Colombia is a fun place to visit, I went to Bogota, Colombia on business one year ago this month and found it to be a very safe, interesting country.  The food is outrageously good - especially the coffee and juice.  Breakfast is the best.  I'll come back with my family in a few years when my kids are old enough to appreciate it.
Honestly, that sounds like a pretty good deal.
So it's safe to say that Pablo really didn't want to rot in a American Prison.
TIL Colombia has a foreign debt of only $20B.  Seems like nothing, compared to the US debt of $19T
The world will never get enough Pablo
He deserved to pay that and more after stealing from an entire generation of his own people.
The same was said of Mexico's Rafael Caro Quintero.  He was in prison and said that if he was released he would pay Mexico's foreign debt. This was in the 80's and Mexico was going through an economic crisis.  

These stories seem more like urban legends or a thing drug dealers say.  
He also burned 2 million in cash to stay warm once
How much money did this guy actually have?
Curious if the current crop of drug lords use the efficiency programs that Fortune 500 companies use, like Agile, Six Sigma, Kaizen..etc.
Couldn't they have said "ok" taken his money, and shipped him off anyway?
Pablo was a fucking baller.
Why not just pay off America's debt instead.
I might be willing to let him stay with me a while if he pays off all my debt. And maybe buy me a GT-R. 
It's not too different from comparing Al Capone to the pay the national debt long before the bombings, the killings and the US anyway.
Did he have the $$ to deliver?
What about Brown or Harvard's debt?
ITT: agitated columbians
Pablo's son claims this is false in Sins of My Father. 
Good move on not taking the money. Would have looked so bad on the government's part. 
Robin Hood with murder and drugs. 
They should of made him pay the money and either let him live a confined life or had him whacked...both ways they would of had gotten rid of the foreign debt  
Wait a minute....  who *did* get Escobar's fortune?  I would expect the Colombian government to sieze his assets after his extradition, no?
I think if I were Columbia I would have taken the deal.
Well, if you have about $17 trillion I think I know a way for you to gain immunity for everything in the United States. 
Too much Netflix. He made the offer to not be indicted by U.S. authorities.
Sure is a lot about Pablo on the front page. Wonder if there is a show or movie about to come ou.....


wait...
And today is the anniversary of his death.
TIL Most gringos can't spell Colombia. 
Colombia*
*Colombia
Hey OP Columbia≠ Colombia  
*Colombia, NOT Columbia, you uncultured swine 
guys, we have to talk about the constant misspelling of the country's name.... it's ColOmbia if it's in South America, and ColUmbia if it's in the United States. 
I wonder why people misspell Colombia. Are you really so ignorant that you are not able to grasp basic geography? Are you too self absorbed and patriotic to think that the everything revolves around the country you live in? Regardless of the country, everyone should know how to spell it. Educate yourself, you're honestly just making yourself look bad
COLOMBIA* COLOMBIA* COLOMBIA* COLOMBIA* COLOMBIA* COLOMBIA* FUCK WHY IS THIS WORD ALWAYS MISSPELLED THERE IS NO GOD DAMN U IN IT
Colombia, you twat. 

Seriously, you people have the time to look up the article and 'read' it but you spell the damn country name wrong. 
Is it that hard to spell Colombia correctly?
*COLOMBIA. I don't understand why this is so difficult you illiterate fucks 
Seems fair to me
Having worked on a brain injury rehab team, this makes a whole lot of sense. TBI's can completely destroy your potential to hold a job and maintain relationships. Seen many lives take a 180 for the worse after a TBI, even though you wouldn't be able to tell walking past them on the street. Combine this with the figures for a history of childhood abuse, and a huge portion of homeless people have faced massive obstacles to becoming a functioning adults. Thanks for posting.
&gt;Dr. Topolovec-Vranic looked at data on 111 homeless men aged 27 to 81 years old who were recruited from a downtown Toronto men's shelter. She found that 45 per cent of these men had experienced a traumatic brain injury, and of these, 70 per cent were injured during childhood or teenage years and 87 per cent experienced an injury before becoming homeless.

It's scary to think how one incident can warp your life like this. Who knows where these men would have ended up if not for their injuries? Hopefully this research gets more widely known and we see a LOT more compassion for homeless people.
So you mean science has showed that people are homeless for a reason other than laziness?  Expect the house to cut funding to study this more.
Combine this group of people with the group that were already mentally ill prior to becoming homeless, and you have almost all of the homeless population. Funny coincidence, that.
Also a big prevalence in [US prisons](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/traumatic-brain-injury-prison/), with 60% of prisoners having suffered at least one traumatic brain injury
This is a really shitty study.  They are basing the prevalence of tbi  on a self report instrument.  Then they are using another self report measure for symptoms of tbi in a populations with tons of other factors that might account for the symptoms (e.g., substance abuse, mental illness).  

"Hey dude, you ever been knocked the fuck out?"

"Yup"

"Notice any memory problems"

You have to keep in mind that there is a huge push to say that very minor tbis can cause persisting problems every decade or so.  However, when they measure cognition and account for effort on cognitive tests no impairments are found.  We are in a cycle where the push to say getting dazed without loss of consciousness can cause massive memory problems.  The science does not support this.  

This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2014/04/140425104714.htm) reduced by 76%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Almost half of all homeless men who took part in a study by St. Michael&amp;#039;s Hospital had suffered at least one traumatic brain injury in their life and 87 per cent of those injuries occurred before the men lost their homes.

&gt; Dr. Topolovec-Vranic said it&amp;#039;s important for health care providers and others who work with homeless people to be aware of any history of TBI because of the links between such injuries and mental health issues, substance abuse, seizures and general poorer physical health.

&gt; The findings come from the Health and Housing in Transition Study, which tracks the health and housing status of homeless and vulnerably housed people in Toronto, Vancouver and Ottawa.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3ttgvf/til_a_study_found_that_nearly_half_of_all/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~16520 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **homeless**^#1 **men**^#2 **health**^#3 **injury**^#4 **TBI**^#5

Post found in [/r/todayilearned](http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tt21u/til_a_study_found_that_nearly_half_of_all/), [/r/Neuropsychology](http://np.reddit.com/r/Neuropsychology/comments/24chjd/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/), [/r/poverty](http://np.reddit.com/r/poverty/comments/24cbcn/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/), [/r/GestapoNews](http://np.reddit.com/r/GestapoNews/comments/2455qg/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/), [/r/news](http://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/241a34/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/), [/r/science](http://np.reddit.com/r/science/comments/23ympx/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/), [/r/martialarts](http://np.reddit.com/r/martialarts/comments/240o8w/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/), [/r/Foodforthought](http://np.reddit.com/r/Foodforthought/comments/23z2kc/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/), [/r/MensRights](http://np.reddit.com/r/MensRights/comments/23zbeg/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/), [/r/theworldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/theworldnews/comments/23zoqx/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/) and [/r/hackernews](http://np.reddit.com/r/hackernews/comments/23zjzk/almost_half_of_homeless_men_had_traumatic_brain/).
What percentage of non-homeless men have experienced a traumatic head injury? 50% doesn't seem all that high 
There is this one man with piercing blue eyes that walks around town drunk but jolly and normally complimenting the ladies in a refreshingly cute way that's not the typical creep way and purposely gets arrested in the colder months for food and shelter, it's really sad. Anyways, my friend gets to really talking to this man and apparently he was an accomplished musician, traveling with his band doing pretty well after the Vietnam (which obviously affected him too) and then one day he's on top of the world livin' &amp; lovin' life and gets hit by a drunk driver and as a result sustains significant brain damage that ultimately lead to his downward spiral. Just heartbreaking.

I'm happy you posted this, I wish more people would consider what others have gone through to get where they are now.
The word traumatic does not belong in quotes in the title. The study refers to traumatic brain injuries (TBIs) and there's [a wikipedia page]. I would reword the title to something like

&gt; TIL a study found that nearly half of all homeless men have suffered ***at least*** a ***mild*** traumatic brain injury, with 87% having sustained the injury prior to becoming homeless

[a wikipedia page]:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traumatic_brain_injury
Can confirm, work at homeless shelter
So the homeless guy I saw screaming at a parking meter may have had mental issues?
I currently work in a TBI Rehab facility. Lots and lots of people never get back to the point where you could call them "independent." Most that don't, end up in nursing facilities, homeless, or incarcerated. In my opinion, TBIs make up a good portion of the spectrum that constitutes "fates worse than death."

Motorcycling without a helmet. Not. Even. Once.
That's a Toronto based study of 111 men, so the population and geographic boundaries are specific.  In my interest within this field, I've not found the research  to be similar within the United States as the factor for homelessness tends to be mental health and addiction related (not that a severe head injury doesn't cause mental health issues, but mental health issues related to untreated schizophrenia and bi-polar).  I'm somewhat passionate about the topic in the US being a military veteran and diagnosed and treated for bi-polar and OCD.

EDIT
I lived in the DC area for a bit of time and my counselor was working under a grant to track all homeless in the DC area.  During our conversations I asked statistically what the impact of mental illness and/or addiction (drug or alcohol - self medication for those with mental health issues) was on the population and they said it was almost 100%.  Now those were people who choose to live in boxes and whatnot as almost all homeless can check into a shelter of some sort for temporary housing.

Two top level search documents on homelessness data.  I'm searching for more data.

http://www.nationalhomeless.org/factsheets/Mental_Illness.pdf

http://homeless.samhsa.gov/ResourceFiles/hrc_factsheet.pdf
What percent of men have had a "traumatic" brain injury in general?  Probably most have at least been concussed at some point.  Not sure how this information changes anything
I feel like there's information missing here.  Like, now compare this number to X number of fully functional adult males and see how the numbers shake out.  I'll bet the two are pretty comparable.  
I believe it. A good friend of mine had a brain injury. Without his family and friends, I have no doubt he would be homeless. 

Scary stuff.... 
If they were less lazy they'd will those brain injuries away.
This is why I always give money to homeless people. Sure, it could be a scam, or they could just be using it to buy drugs or alcohol. But they could also just as likely use that money for things they truly need like food, clothing, blankets, bus fare, hygiene products, or shelter materials. Who am I to decipher who truly needs it?
It is not a new understanding that increased homelessness is a result of defunding mental health initiatives.  Ann Rand is proud of our Congress.  "Let them eat dirt."
Men make up the vast majority of homeless, and they have no where to go. It is sad but true. No one wants to help them. 
I guess I'm in the 13%
Ex homeless of 10 years. Never had a brain injury.
That's why there are tens of thousands of homeless veterans. 
Wow, I'm doing a project in AP Psychology directly on this subject. This is definitely going to be one of my sources. 
I lost my job after sustaining a TBI while defending one of my clients while he was being assaulted. I lost my job and my girlfriend and became much more aggressive. After a few months though I took a personality test for a staffing company and was fast tracked to being a national rep because my anger issues made me extremely effective at that type of work.
so.. how is TBI treated?
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/ems] [TIL a study found that nearly half of all homeless men had suffered a "traumatic" brain injury, with 87% having sustained the injury prior to becoming homeless \[x-post\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/ems/comments/3tu3iu/til_a_study_found_that_nearly_half_of_all/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I wonder how many of them are veterans? When I worked at a VA hospital several years ago they said the biggest medical issue with people coming back from Iraq was traumatic brain injuries.
i know a man like that. he was kicked in the head by a horse as a kid.

I know he can't help it but he scares me.

He comes up to you and starts babbling nonsense and he will not leave you alone and it's intimidating because he will just keep following you around, chattering. And you cant respond because you don't know how to; you don't know what he is trying to say and you don't want to hurt him by telling him to leave you alone.

i have my own problems too, I have Anxiety Disorders. So I am normally really scared of people and scared of random things that don't bug normal people. So when he comes around I try to hide because he really makes me afraid.


This is interesting, but this study shouldn't lead to any conclusions. It's a very small sample size (111 people reported in the study), in one specific location in a single city, and it was a self reported study. Way too many variables left unaccounted for to make a definitive statement on anything. But hopefully this will lead to more rigorous studies in the future
Well... That's where I'm headed.
What percentage of non-homeless men have experienced a traumatic head injury? 50% doesn't seem all that high 
"Half of all homeless men who took part in the study"
Makes sense. I remember reading an article a long time ago about my home town's influx of homeless, many of whom were veterans with some form of PTSD and other related illnesses.

When mental healthcare facilities close down or move they try to transfer as many patients as possible. Unfortunately many have no next of kin or were more or less abandoned so they get released because there's no way to contact a guardian. How fucked up is that? I'd hate to be a nurse who spends so much time helping these individuals only to have to send them on their own without therapy or the drugs they need because of a lack of funding or space. It would break my heart.
So Lamar Odom is going to end up on the streets soon?
One of the smartest guys in school,bad car wreck hit his head and lived his adult life homeless by choice.... well sort of
I remember watching a documentary about how even mild head injuries can have terrible consequences.  There was a guy who had a small fender-bender in which he hit his head on the steering wheel but it basically lobotomized him and changed his personality completely.
Were women included in the study? 
I can't get to the original journal article. Anybody know the baserate for such injuries among the general male population?
I'm certainly not homeless but I wonder how all the concussions I had as a teen changed me. How different would I be?
Goddamn that's sad :(
"Injury you say? Not my problem. Now move, I'm trying to walk here."

Says the vast majority of the public. It's so easy to forget about them and let them die, no wonder that is our most popular method.

The same goes for the majority of inmates. Out of sight, out of mind. They aren't voting so why bother?
I wonder how many of these TBI's came from military service.
I suffered from a large percentage of the 40 percent sustained a brain injury.
I would like to know if the men were asked to recall TBI's solely based on anecdote, or if there was significant brain scan evidence of some kind. 

In essence, ask any man today that let's say considered himself masculine or "manly", they will often have some story where they sustained head trauma. 

Also not sure if these "brain injuries" of varying magnitude, or if they happened at all, are being cross referenced with control groups or the general population.

I don't doubt a minor correlation is possible, but I would bet this article's findings are weak, if not completely unfounded. Especially given the vagueness of the studies overall explanation.
They can really mess with you.
So when he was being sarcastic.
If on average 50% of the normal population has also had one then it doesn't show the control of what portion of healthcare right now.
Being in a machining accident and he's just been diagnosed with a great career ahead of her, she completely changed after she sustained a TBI at some point in their borders.
What it doesn't account for is how many were substance abusers, which increase the likelihood of being in an accident or a fight, prior to the brain injury. Also, how many of the injuries were simple concussions as opposed to serious brain injuries. 

I can't get to those homeless statistics by now.
They probably all became homeless after their first medical bill
As the former spouse of a veteran with a TBI way more severe than even he realizes...this statistic scares the crap out of me.
So, this is what will become of my life when I can no longer brain. 
So *lazy* is now a brain injury [sarcasm]
Suddenly it makes more sense that huge amounts of shelters have mandatory church and chapel services for the people who stay there.
Push church on the mentally impaired! 
I don't see any feminists protesting all the homeless men out there... funny, eh?
When Colorado towns try to outlaw homelessness they are outlawing the mentally ill in their borders. This is discrimination, and the people responsible should be dragged into court and made to pay.
But the United States government ships mental illness in the same mythic container as global warming, so those guys are fucked.
"Half of all homeless men who took part in the study"
I really doubt this stat is true...
TIL...a study found found that every kid that was born probably skinned there knee really bad one time, prior to being an adult. 
There doesn't seem to have been a control group which undermines the study as we have no way of knowing if their inclusion criteria leads to similar brain injury rates in other, "normal", population groups.
Nick Nolte.
So the number one cause of homelessness is brain damage.

I am in no way surprised.
money moooney mooooooney mooooooooooooney
And the benefits system is often set up for stuff it can't easily see.
From the article a recent study by Dr. Stephen Hwang of the US See:multi party democracy, universal health care, evolution.
I work for a staffing company and was thrown head-first into a fire hydrant, causing a concussion.
I end up contributing to their economy because I know wanting to tell walking past them on the street.
Not saying all homeless people are drunks or addicts, but just want to point out that drug/alcohol related brain damage can be diagnosed TBI. It doesn't always have to be a concussion or head injury. Substances can do just as much/more brain damage.
[deleted]
**Before she's gone, she said, she'd like to see a memorial erected in the cemetery. Something to tell people the story. A plaque. A stone. A listing of the names of the unremembered dead that lie there.

"Someday," she said, "I'd love to get a monument that says: This is what happened. In 1984, it started. They just kept coming and coming. And they knew they would be remembered, loved and taken care of, and that someone would say a kind word over them when they died."**

Is there still no monument?  Can we make this happen?

edit:  I've sent Ruth Coker Burks a personal message about funding a project to place a memorial at her cemetery.  I'm waiting to hear back from her.  I would personally be wary of donating to any crowd funding sources without her specific endorsement.  I will update with any new information I receive.  It is heartwarming to see love and compassion in everyone interested in helping to construct a memorial.
&gt;"My [HIV] patients lived two years longer than the national average,"... "They would send people from all over the world to the National Institutes of Health, they would send them to the CDC, and they would send them to me. They sent them to me so they could see what I was doing that helped them live. I think it was because I loved them. They were like my children, even though I was burying people my age."

Ruth Coker Burkes is an amazing person. Reading this article was really shocking- the tragedies she and the victims of AIDs have endured are inconceivable. What she's done... is more than anyone could have ever asked. 

Paging Pope Francis, please fast track this woman's path to Sainthood. She has been a rock, an inspiration to even medical practitioners, who at that time knew nothing about the disease, and largely refused to touch or come near AIDs patients. But she was not an island:

&gt;...The financial help they gave patients — from burial expenses to medications to rent for those unable to work — couldn't have happened without the support of the gay clubs around the state, particularly Little Rock's Discovery. "They would twirl up a drag show on Saturday night and here'd come the money," she said. "That's how we'd buy medicine, that's how we'd pay rent. If it hadn't been for the drag queens, I don't know what we would have done."

Thank God for drag queens! That could be an uplifting TIL, if that existed (and it should). Seriously, the fact that the Community rose up to support each other in Arkansas is wonderful. Finding a bit of good news surrounded by all the horrible acts of these families upon their own flesh helps.

&gt;"I watched these men take care of their companions, and watch them die," she said. "I've seen them go in and hold them up in the shower. They would hold them while I washed them. They would carry them back to the bed..."

&gt;Now, you tell me that's not love and devotion? I don't know a lot of straight people that would do that."
This woman did an [interview for NPR](http://www.npr.org/2014/12/05/368530521/caring-for-aids-patients-when-no-one-else-would) last year that had me ugly-crying in my car. 
As a father I can't imagine ever disowning my daughter, and these people would do I because their kid was gay?  I wish I could relate and understand that.
The last paragraph:
"Someday," she said, "I'd love to get a monument that says: This is what happened. In 1984, it started. They just kept coming and coming. And they knew they would be remembered, loved and taken care of, and that someone would say a kind word over them when they died."

Any of you in Arkansas and need a new hobby?
Pretty amazing thing to do... Gay or straight, people deserve love and compassion. 

Edit: [Some of you have pissed PC principal off.](http://i.imgur.com/Uxsz7h4.gifv)
Touching story.  Sadly, there are still family members who don't want anyone to know when someone dies of AIDS.  I conduct funerals and it's very sad to hear that people were abandoned completely.
Regardless of one's political, religious or sexual views, acts like this, of such pure kindness and humanity ...
always remind me to never give up faith or hope in humankind. 

This woman is a true example of a good Christian.  Performing Spiritual and Corporal works of mercy when no one else would.

A follower of Christ rather than a worshiper of Christ.
[We Were Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_fydTnOVTk) is a great documentary containing interviews from people who lived through the crisis. Unfortunately it doesn't seem to be on Netflix anymore, at least not the US or Canadian versions. It's on Youtube or you can find it by googling, though. Just how bad it got is something that a lot of people are eager to forget, I think... 

Edit: There's this one scene in the documentary where they focus on a picture of a man whose picture was published as an obituary, and then they zoom out, and there's just so many of them. [Here](http://ww4.hdnux.com/photos/07/16/25/1893743/7/628x471.jpg) is a picture that kind of gives an idea. There are 70 people on this page, and it was an eight page spread published in 1989. 560 people in such a small area in just one year. That's over one person a day. Can you imagine being a gay man at the height of the crisis? Seeing friends and lovers just dying one after the other. Going to funerals one after another, over and over. Being so sick and having to care for your lover because nobody else will look after either of you. It's just heartbreaking to think about. 
I wonder how many of those family members reconsidered how they dealt with the deaths of their loved ones when they learned more about AIDS and homosexuality. I'm sure many never changed their views, but surely some did.
in 20 years time, when enough time as passed, you will find out there is a lot of stories like this...ive tried to write a book about the late 80s gay community, each time i try, i go into depression...so many stories like this. Demonization and discrimination are horrible forces of human nature....
Can someone kindly get this awesome woman a Wikipedia page?
Parents not giving their kids funerals? What a bunch of jive turkeys. 
God, I remember those days.  It didn't just happen in the South.  It happened in 'ground zero', too.  I had so many gay friends and acquaintances who died of AIDS in the San Francisco Bay Area.  Their families refused to see them, refused to claim their bodies, had disowned them years before.  But because of how the laws were, they swooped in like the vultures they were and stole all of the assets left behind, and were able to overturn wills and living trusts that left those assets to their partners, to friends, to organizations that were desperately trying to help and find a cure.  It was truly disgusting and horrific.  It made me wish there was a hell, because those assholes truly deserve to reside there.

There was such a haunted feel to the gay community.  You could walk down Castro, and the older gay neighborhood on Polk, and there would hardly be anyone walking around.  You'd see men, wasting away, hobbling down the street with canes, walkers, with friends helping them stay upright, and these men were in their early 20's to early 30's.  They looked like they were concentration camp victims.  The local newspapers couldn't keep up with the amount of obituaries they had to publish, there was waiting periods where it took months for them to publish after someone died.

I lost a lot of friends to AIDS.  I had many others, who thankfully are still alive today, who hid their HIV status, for fear of what would happen if they went public.

Because of the families who denied their sons, then ripped off the surviving friends and lovers, California finally passed laws that prevented the raping and pillaging from continuing, and strengthened the estate and survivor rights of those who died. 

People forget, all too easily, how horribly the gay community was treated when AIDS came to be.  People have even forgotten that the disease is STILL fatal, 100% of the time.  Up to 30% of people who contract HIV don't respond to drug therapies, and won't be able to live the extra 20, 30, 40 years that others enjoy.  The virus is still mutating. It's not a truly 'manageable condition' like a lot want to believe.  It's not herpes, it's far worse.

And even those who are responding to the therapies, who do have the ability to live a potentially 'normal life span', don't.  Because of their self-hatred and self-destruction, usually rooted in their upbringing, and in the complete rejection from their families.

One of my HIV positive friends died not too long ago, from an accidental overdose.  He was very successful, until he caught the disease.  Then all the bible-thumping and rejection came forward, and he couldn't deal with life, so he took leave from his job.  During that time, he got deeper into drug abuse, and he ended up dying from that, instead.  His housekeeper found him, several days after he died.  His dog was locked in the house with him, and had to use his body to survive.  The dog was traumatized, and never quite recovered.  Though he now lives with a couple who loves him, he can't be around other dogs, he attacks them.  He never used to.

I could tell tons more stories.  I'm just glad that at least things have changed enough that the families who cruelly reject their sons and daughters due to their sexuality, don't get rewarded for their cruelty once those children die.
You know, I'm an atheist but if someone's faith inspires them to be that compassionate towards their fellow human beings... Well, there are worse things out there, that's for sure. 

Also, fucking onions...

There's the most fabulous party waiting for her in Heaven
*This* is what Jesus would do.
In Romania a few decades ago the government accidental infected 100's of children with HIV. These children were abandoned and ended up being treated at the Victor Babes hospital where most died. Due to having no parents they couldn't be buried so a doctor there adopted them all before they died, I think currently he is legally the father of something like 400 children. 
Holy fuck.

&gt; Burks hung up the phone, trying to decide what she should tell the dying man. "I didn't know what to tell him other than, 'Your mom's not coming. She won't even answer the phone,' " she said. There was nothing to tell him but the truth.
&gt;
&gt; "I went back in his room," she said, "and when I walked in, he said, 'Oh, momma. I knew you'd come,' and then he lifted his hand. And what was I going to do? What was I going to do? So I took his hand. I said, 'I'm here, honey. I'm here.' "

She owned a cemetary by sheer luck.

&gt; "I always wondered what I was going to do with a cemetery," she said. "Who knew there'd come a time when people didn't want to bury their children?"

The first person she buried out of her own savings.

Also holy fuck. She told the dying people she'd promise to take care of them.

**SHE DUG UP THE TOP OF HER FATHER'S GRAVE AND BURIED A CREMATION URN THERE OUT OF COMPASSION, because she thought it would be unfair to bury the disowned young man alone without an adopted family and knew her dad would approve.**

There were over forty more kids and young men just like this, disowned over the phone by parents who cursed and quoted the bible at her.

Holy fuck, I had to stop reading there and that was only a quarter of the way through the article.
Arkansas physician here trained in the 90s. Hometown is hot springs. Thank you reddit for showing me this. 
What a saint of a woman  ....  The story is all too heart breaking  
I genuinely think that if it's possible, people in her community should have Files Cemetery, which she basically owns, renamed Ruth Coker Burks Cemetery. That monument she mentioned she wanted should indeed be built for those who died in the crises as well as Ruth's unbelievable efforts to preserve the dignity of human lives. 
My mother took in gay friends and/or their partners in the mid-80s. A couple eventually died at our house. Their families were terrified of them. Even the ones who 'knew' better. I still remember one man coming to our house after a brief visit with his family. The rest of the family hadn't been there, but his mother was. She'd bleached all his clothes, including his red Sergio Tacchini tracksuit which had been his pride and joy. It came back pink.

I remember so much about the AIDS epidemic, despite being a child at the time. I still recall "babysitting" a full grown man as a 10 year old, in the hours between school ending and my mother or her roomate coming home.

This woman sounds amazing. More people should know of her. 
This, in my opinion, is what being a Christian is all about. I'm not religious, but I have read many of the texts. This woman and what she did is... I'm at a lost for words. No words I know can truly sum up her generosity and sacrifice. There is a woman I work with who is also Christian. She feels her faith calls for her to shun gay people so she does. She is a lovely and caring person, but she has been corrupted by her institution. I am thinking of when I go into work today to talk about this woman and her amazingly good heart and good faith. Then maybe my co-worker will hear and possibly have a change of heart. 
It's time like these that I really hope there's some sort of heaven, because people like her need to be there.
I've lived in Hot Springs, Arkansas all my life and I've never known about this. What a touching story and great woman. 
[Google streetview](https://www.google.se/maps/place/Files+Cemetery/@34.4561195,-93.0686966,3a,42.8y,137.39h,75.94t)
This is an amazing story.  I'd imagine having a gay brother helped her be so open minded when GRID was such a mysterious illness and those 262 free cemetery plots sure came in handy.
Everybody should read the answers to this askreddit thread from earlier in the year. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ug992/serious_gay_men_who_lived_through_the_hiv/
Some people are just ahead of the curve and genuinely awesome! We should all strive to make extraordinary acts of humanity so normal that it wouldn't be considered extraordinary any more.
&gt; Before she's gone, she said, she'd like to see a memorial erected in the cemetery. Something to tell people the story. A plaque. A stone. A listing of the names of the unremembered dead that lie there.

Can we do something about this, can someone contact her and get a Kickstarter going?
Can someone kindly get this awesome woman a Wikipedia page?
This is one of the most uplifting stories i've read so far on reddit. Thank you for sharing!
I have a gay uncle who grew up in NYC during the HIV/AIDS epidemic and he told me that he was going to funerals every weekend. So thankful that he survived it because he has helped me a lot with me adjusting to my own gay life and figuring out how I fit into my own family.
Sydney, Australia here. This is a beautiful story and much needed with all the savagery in the world so thank you. Please count me in for a donation for the monument, just need to know where to send it to
I didn't think this hardened heart could feel those feels. Update with crowdfund link OP. 
I am not religious at all but something like this makes me hope there actually is a heaven. She clearly deserves a special spot there. 
Ya'll don't seem to realize how QUICKLY LGBT acceptance has happened. I'm 44, when I was in high school (and earlier) gays (generic term) were viewed as deviants and likely child molesters. Most people's "experience" with gay people was seeing a few clips from pride parades, which arguably did not paint LGBT people in a good light (sorry fellas, but most people just aren't comfortable around Leather Daddy's). With that as often the sole point of reference, it was easy to see why gays were demonized, and people abandoned by their families when they were afflicted with "the gay disease". 

AIDS emergence in the gay community was a HUGE setback in terms of getting ahead of the disease, since it only affected "those people", and not "us". Reagan and the politicians of the era didn't help to alter that perception either. 

Fast forward 30 years. Those of us who grew up when AIDS was emerging now know someone who is LGBT. They're our friends, family, neighbors and co-workers. People are better informed now about who these people are, and we know that, for the most part, they're just like us. Except among the evangelical crowd, the demonization of LGBT people is a thing of the past. We've grown wiser and more accepting, and regret things we said and did back before we knew better. All that happened in 25-30 years, whereas the US civil rights movement (racially) took decades.
This is the second time I've seen this woman's story on the front page. It's okay though, she's a great lady. 
I love hearing little stories of compassion that people do for others. Really brightens my day.
TIL they used to call it "GRID" - gay-related immune deficiency

Awful.
I would love to see her story told in a movie. 
That headline made me think she dug all those graves with a single hand. It threw me for a bit of a loop.
Beautiful story. She could have easily chosen fear and revulsion, but she chose love and compassion. I hope that memorial she wants for all those people buried in her cemetary happens. 
I know this place! Its a small lot - under a water tower, between a Taco Bell and a self-storage facility. Never heard the story before.
Time to lay off the booze for the rest of the night, this just ruined my mood completely.
This is a real article with real reporting.  I wish this was considered the norm for modern journalism. 
kudos to Ruth Coker Burks.
Huh. Someone Christ would have actually loved.
This time is wretched, at least a bit, with all the bad news coming from the whole world, man against man for no sustainable reason. But there's still people with the guts to do the right thing out there, and perhaps we can do like them and change this wretch into something else, for the better. That's what I've learned today. Thank you a lot for sharing.
I wonder how many of these people were abandoned by their "good christian families"? Family values my ass.

What a great woman. She knew what was right when others didn't. This kind of strength/compassion or whatever you name it , comes from love in her heart. 

John Lennon was hugely influenced by the love generation in the 1960s. When he sang 'all you need is love' he really meant it. 

If he was around today I think he would saying the very same thing. Love will make you a superman or in this case a superwoman. It will. 
As a native Arkansan, this makes me furious and I'm sorry for what my state did.  I wish that they would get their head out of their ass and start respecting everyone's life and be happy for everyone.
This isn't a movie yet? 
Uplifting news. Human compassion is amazing when done for unselfish reasons. 
What an amazing person!
Angels among us ? indeed. 
Wow, what an amazing woman. 
I can relate to the fear and panic that must have swept the world when such a devastating sickness appearing out of the blue with no one knowing where it came from and how it's transmitted. 

Her overcoming this panic and rising above to care for those who needed it, shows such incredible heart and bravery,  can't even put that in words. 
The world needs more people like her.
This really made me shed a tear. What an amazing person.
Most posts help to ruin my faith in humanity, this one does not. Awesome.
Most Redditors were born well after after the beginnings of the AIDS some have parents who were born in the 1980s and even they were really too young to remember what it was like.

The thing is back then in the early 1980's AIDS was not treatable, the death was horrific, and it's mode of transmission thought to be blood-borne but they were not certain if it couldn't be transmitted by touch or cough either. They also didn't know for certain how long in the outside AIDS could survive some experts thought that AIDS could reside indefinably outside and was more or less immune to normal environmental temperature ranges. 

In the early 80's they would put AIDS patients inside negative pressure rooms and the doctors and nurses would only enter the room in full bio-hazard suits. Surgeons would also operate in full bio-hazard suits on patients with AIDS. 

Some people thought, and even some medical experts, thought the AIDS was the beginnings of new Black Death that would wipe out civilization. 
OP, I would like to thank you for posting what I think is one of the best TIL's I've read here in a very long time. It's always nice to learn of stories that showcase love and kindness and values. Especially with all that is going on in the world today.

As a (far from perfect) Catholic I am moved by this woman's actions and appalled by the actions of the parents of the victims and the clergy who turned their backs to them; certainly **not** Christian behavior.

I can only hope that by posting this story you've helped to eradicate at least a little cynicism in this world and have inspired others to do better for mankind, like you did with me and  /u/LietusRain .
What kind of family wouldn't bury their own child? Doesn't matter what they did.
Amazing lady
This woman needs to be the subject of a documentary.
This needs to be a movie. 
FYI there's a GoFundMe page up for this now.
It deeply saddens me how we heap adoration upon people who are famous simply for being famous and let true heroes like this beautiful inspiring woman fade away into obscurity.  

Thank you for sharing this story.  It is important.

Hey /u/rhapsodydash,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
I'm not sure I'd have the moral strength to do that, but I'm glad someone did. 
You know, it's easy to disparage people of faith. I'm not a religious person and sometimes I think people who are religious seem mis-guided at best, and delusional at worst.

But there's been many wonderful things done in the name of the Lord and this woman's compassion and kindness was based, at least in part, on her faith.

God bless her for that. 
21 comments and on the FP. Good job OP. 
-
This is heartbreaking.
What a beautiful story and a beautiful testament to the power of human love and openness over human fundamentalism and rigidity. I hope she gets that monument up in her lifetime, and an organization to maintain the grounds. I'd donate. 
So that's where the end of the rainbow leads.
Somewhat reminiscent of that scene from The Magnificent Seven (later parodied in Blazing Saddles) where two of them take an unwanted casket to the graveyard at great risk to themselves (or perceived risk, in this case).
damn. she has a big heart but must have been tired as hell from all that burial
What an amazing woman! I'd donate money for her plaque, she certainly deserves it, if only more people in this world were like her
Thank you for this. She is hero
This was really hard for me to read. 
RIP.
That was a wonderfully written article.
Thank you for bringing attention to this.
That's a really nice and loving thing she did.
There definitely needs to be a memorial. Why is there no internet funded thing by now?
This woman should be honoured by the us government for her humanity not by the internet !
TIL that 40 families in Arkansas are assholes 
Can someone kindly get this awesome woman a Wikipedia page?
This is what Jesus would do.  
And Kim Davis is a hero to the modern day GOP… smh
I live in Rogers Arkansas, if there's enough demand I can try to get in contact with her face to face. No idea what I'd say but I figure you guys can help me s with that. 
I know it may be a common thing for someone born before me but I'm 22 and the thought of someone not claiming their son because they were gay is mind shattering. I think our generation talks about the various problems faced by society today (and they are plentiful) but something so simple and powerful as not claiming your son's body is just unbelievable. We have grown past that which is awesome, but there's a lot more growing to do. 
I grew up that being gay was a sin.  That aids was a punishment.  I am not gay but I have gay friends.  It wasn't easy for me to overcome my childhood upbringing. But I could never see myself treating someone like this.  It is so sad what really happened.  The drugs meant to treat killed so many more than it saved.  Dallas buyers club shows this first hand.  I hope she gets her memorial.  After all this woman did she deserves anything she asks for.  I would donate in a heartbeat.
ITT people who have never heard the term "single handed"
not all heroes wear capes.
So sad. All those people that died alone.
I DRIVE BY THIS CEMETARY ALMOST EVERY DAY. 

I clicked on the article for my state and then they named my town and then THIS LITTLE BITTY PODUNK CEMETARY!

I really love cemeteries though so I'm definitely going to have to visit this one now!
This lady sounds pretty legit. I'm glad we've had the cultural change that this sort of thing is much less common, or at least the people who do this are the unpopular ones (in the western world, or in the country as a whole).

Edit: Because I was instantly downvoted, I will clarify that I mean I'm glad "people who disown their family for being gay" is much less common. That's me giving the benefit of the doubt. If I was downvoted because you would disown your family for being gay.... Well, I doubt I care what you think.
Where's the gov... wait it was a religious, conservative southern state
First thought that went through my head "why did she only use one hand" , a split second of thought.
This sounds like a potentially interesting movie plot. This should become a movie plot. 
This is so messed up. I mean imagine if your son or brother was slowly dying of a horrible disease, not knowing when he would be gone, and you just refused to be there for him. Then on top of shunning him in his darkest hours, you disrespect his entire life by not claiming his body, burying him, or holding a service for him. Essentially, you just reject the fact that he ever existed. Sickening. Even if we never got along, I could never do that to a family member. This woman did a really great thing. 
Death doesn't discriminate.
It's stories like these that restore my faith in humanity, even if only for a short while.

You know she did it out of the good of her heart, not for reward or recognition. Sad how so many noble deeds are only acknowledged after the person responsible is dead.
I live in Arkansas. It sucks.
Legitly cried over this. What a beautiful soul that woman has.
Harriet tubman new age style foo!
People are sick at times. Half full or half empty? Likely to say half full.
I'd imagine a shovel would be pretty hard to use with a single hand. Mad props
In which part of the world is this Arkansas?
She would never win woman of the year.
good
Buried and gave AIDS why did my mind boggle that up when reading this
It's this sort of thing that reminds me sometimes the way to look for examples of human greatness and compassion is to look where there seems to be none of it.
God loves all his children even if their family doesn't.  Glad she understood this. 
Damn, I don't even care about alive people that much.
Dark times from the people at arktimes
[There's a movie based on a similar premise](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gt9CsXrlO8Y)
A great person. Everyone deserves one person to bury them and care.
what a crusader.
a REAL Christian.  take a hard look.  there's not many of them.  blessings on her and everything in her life.
Uplifting news. Human compassion is amazing when done for unselfish reasons. 
My community has gained great strides but we have distance to travel - I hope that that we not only gain greater acceptance but we never lose sight of those who have supported us and help uplift the lives of others who like us have felt the sting of discrimination.  The work is not done until we are ALL treated as equals  -- Thank you for your post 
This happened? Not collected by the families? Oh man, this website is fucking up my naive view of things pretty bad! 
Now I look back on the eighties I was 16 and worked in one of the year with Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New years all approaching.
Unfortunately stories like this make me more angry at the piece of shit people that would abandon their family and friends for this.
Damn Arkansas! Very classy!
Try doing that nowadays.
That woman deserves the fucking highest medal in the world.
Learn something new about my home state
Old grainy black and white pictures of people who contract HIV don't respond to drug therapies, and won't be able to overturn wills and living trusts that left those assets to their sexuality, don't get rewarded for their cruelty once those children die.
Can we get Reddit together to make a goddamn memorial there? I think that's a worthy cause. 
I wept 
I wouldn't want a handjob from her. 
What a nice person. Looking back to our human culture history, its stupid and funny and the same how scare we were of almost anything. AIDS, SLAVERY, WAR. etc.
I do understand the right to get properly buried/cremated after death as per traditional rituals and the sentiment behind such acts, But for me personally I don't think I could care less about how my body gets treated after I die. 

You guys can hang me on the pole in the center of the town and play the blind fold hitting by stick game, who can hit in one straight try, if that pleases you with my body and I wouldn't still care much. Or simply chop me into pieces and scatter for crows/vulture or eagles to eat, Actually that would be best thing to do I think. And its actually a thing, called sky burial where some of Sherpa tribe in remote Nepal mountainous region still practice. It do look brutal when they chop off the body parts of their deceased loved ones, but I reckon its the most environmentally green way to dispose a body. Of course do that after you take every scrapable body parts, organs, fluids, whatever one can salvage from me for the sake of science or as a spare parts to other, do that and do that sky burial thingy for me.

Trust me, I won't get offended at all, even you guys just hang me after death and kick me all day for the sole purpose of pleasure and fun. At-least I would be able to provide some good laugh to some people after death. I would think If I could think, I served one more purpose of my life even after death.
I wish I could ever see myself being so loving and compassionate. 

Good to see Arkansas Times on /r/all. For those that don't know, they are the leading liberal "voice" in Arkansas in terms of media. There are a lot of close-minded people in Arkansas, but there's also a *ton* of progressives that don't have many outlets within their own state. Arkansas Times, keep up the good work.
She should be a saint lol 
This is distressing.
Its people like this that make it so I keep my faith in humanity. 
Did she dig single-handedly as well?
How sad
Nice to see my home state in the news for something good for once

EDIT: Well I mean the woman doing good... Not the parents
Thank you for writing Ruth's story. Her bravery, compassion and love surmounted so much bigotry, ignorance and outright hate. She brought light and peace to so many consigned to death.
Tears. Awesome lady awesome story.
Beautiful story.
Whilst I think this is a lovely story I think the "when their families wouldn't claim them." is really sad. I can't imagine doing that to someone that's meant to be famil-... Alright who's chopping onions in here?! Stop it at once!
If angels exist, she is one of them. 
Must have took a long time to do all of that with one hand...... 
Thank you for posting this. 
Why did she do that? get dirt on her hands and knees when a rainbow ribbon on facebook would have been just as good.
C',mon Reddit, we can do this. I'm good for $20, unless it turns out she's linked to the Boston bombing. 
I seriously doubt this, as it is nearly impossible to use a shovel with only one hand for an extended period of time. 
The "height" of the epidemic?? This timeline BEGS your attention: http://www.avert.org/professionals/history-hiv-aids/overview
I have a hard time believing she dug the actual graves with her own two hands. She did many wonderful things, but let's give credit where credit is due. rip cyrus jones (1810-1913)
well? did she get aids?
In the rush to circlejerk over evil right-wing white fundies people might forget that plenty of these people may well abandon their families. This is nothing new. Fuck you mom and dad and home and this shitty town and end up dying of AIDs somewhere in New York. 

Now, can we get stories of similiar unattended funerals for junkies, gays and prostitutes from New York State?

How about London England?

How about California?



***R-CAN-ZUS***
"...They died shortly after"
How very sad.  The truth is though, one handed people all over the world are forced to dig holes just like this woman.  the world is a cruel place. 
In a row?
An alternate title would've been: 40+ gay men found buried on an Arkansas woman's property.
Can't be true.  Everyone on Reddit knows the south is comprised exclusively of close minded bigots and racists. 
TIL this is probably going to get re-posted every couple of months forever.
Isn't the point of a funeral for the family/friends? The body doesn't care.
&gt; was a childhood friend of Bill Clinton's. While Clinton was in the White House, she said, they wrote back and forth, with Burks filling him in on all the hometown gossip from time to time.

What? Sounds like BS.
movie rights -&gt; guilt oscars -&gt; premature stardom -&gt; steady guilt jobs progressively more undeserved -&gt; everyone still feigns respect -&gt; set for life.

someone should get on this.
"a woman single-handedly buried and gave funel to more than 30 gay men(...)"

Uh, what was she doing with the other hand in the meantime?
Acting out homosexuality is degenerate and anti-social. The gay "community" is rife with drug abuse, domestic abuse, child molestation, STDs, psychological problems, and suicide. It's a hedonistic, degenerate, vulgar culture of mentally ill genetic dead ends.

Stop normalizing this shit.

Now, downvote me, but I am right.
Just think of what she could've done with TWO hands. /lamejoke.
Where they still alive?
Wow...she must be very strong physically! Couldn't she hire someone to dig?
He then went home to FINISH HIGH SCHOOL.
From the wiki: "He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open."
He also somehow survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes failed to open. Not sure how high a training jump is, but I imagine it's still from a plane. 
"Private First Class Lucas unhesitatingly hurled himself over his comrades upon one grenade and pulled the other one under him, absorbing the whole blasting force of the explosions in his own body in order to shield his companions from the concussion and murderous flying fragments."
Why didn't they give him a rifle?
How the hell do you survive throwing yourself on a grenade?
The article doesn't mention if he was armed when he stormed the beach. But he definitely had a gun when he jumped on the grenaded. 

"Lucas pushed a thrown hand grenade into the volcanic ash and covered it with his rifle and his body."
At the 6:19 part-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aGhPjeayJY

...and the women would run out and try to kiss me. The women of New York just treated me so nice. I had a ball for the next couple of days (or something along those lines).

To be a 17 year old in New York as a MOH recipient must have been quite a ball....
he has the most 1950s american face i've ever seen.
When I was 14-17 I was playing Magic; The Gathering and was mortified of girls.  
It's like... captain America in real life! With out the gamma, that is.
This guy might be The Wolverine
And he said: "Son, this world is rough 
And if a man's gonna make it, he's gotta be tough 
And I knew I wouldn't be there to help ya along. 
So I give ya that name and I said goodbye 
I knew you'd have to get tough or die 
And it's the name that helped to make you strong." 

MY NAME IS JACKLYN, HOW DO YOU DO, NOW YOU GONNA DIE
In 2006, he was honored along with other MOH recipients by the Marine Corp.  "To have these young men here in our presence — it just rejuvenates this old heart of mine. I love the Corps even more knowing that my country is defended by such fine young people." 
Was in Airborne from 1961-1965. Survived a jump when both chutes didn't open. 

The man had a charmed life. 
"and threw himself on top of two grenades to protect his team. He survived, and earned the Medal of Honor at the age of 17."

"He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open."

wtf....how?
this is why kids make best soldiers. no grown up man would be this stupid.
That's what you call guts
My grandpa was a Marine on iwo jima.  Makes me proud as hell. 
OP: His book is a great read and an interesting look in to his life post Corps.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0306814706?ref_=cm_lmf_tit_33
He fought so students at Yale could argue for safe spaces because they might be offended by a Halloween costume.
And what have I done as a 17 years old...
A kid doing kid stuff.
How did they get him back to the states?  Those balls should have been too heavy for the ship to carry.
Not one but two grenades. How?
Real life Cotton Hill
Umm, this guy volunteered to jump out of planes to get over his fear of heights.  He survived a test jump where both parachutes failed.  Apparently having eliminated fear, he snuck onto a ship so he could land in Iwo Jima and fight.  Due to the circumstances, he had to storm the beach sans rifle.  He must have found a rifle somewhere because he used one to somehow survive the blast of TWO grenades after THROWING HIMSELF on them shielded only by some ash and a rifle.

After all of that, this guys lives to be 80 years old.  I don't think people like this exist in our generation.
"to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open" 

His balls broke his fall
How do you survive 2 grenade explosions?
What a fucking badass.
Touching story 
Got to meet him when we were on Iwo Jima for a ceremony. Spielberg's group dreamworks crew was there also and we drove them all around the island. His personality was very large and he seemed to be a very nice person. I remember talking with my buddy about how large and healthy he seemed despite all the surgeries. 
He may be a hero, but we have even greater heroes these days, like Caitlin Jenner.


how
There's something wrong with the thread title.  He did in fact have a rifle

&gt;On the day following the landing at Iwo Jima, he was creeping through a twisting ravine with three other men of his rifle team when the Japanese opened an attack on them. The men were in a trench when two enemy grenades landed nearby. Lucas pushed a thrown hand grenade into the volcanic ash *and covered it with his rifle* and his body.
And he survived a paratrooper training jump were both of his shoots didn't deploy! Holy fuck! Cancer had to be the only thing that could kill this guy. What a beast!
He also wrote a book called  Indestructible. 
WOW. I now feel like a complete piece of crap. Thank you. 
High Point University! Had no idea he went to my alma mater
I got to hear him tell his story at the DDay museum opening in New Orleans back in 2001. The guy was hilarious telling his story. He was so matter of fact about the events and made people laugh when talking about *fighting on Iwo Jima!*

Also, when loading onto the hospital ship, the rope attached to his stretcher broke, and dumped him onto the deck of the ship.
&gt; He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open.

Ok...someone give this badass a movie already.
How the fuck does someone live after throwing themselves on top of 2 grenades??
The original Captain America it seems.. 
Oh wow! He was born a couple towns away from me! Neat!
Worst grenades ever. 
He looks like Hank Hill's dad, Cotton. Including blown off shins


https://i.ytimg.com/vi/mFN3vRkQ3T0/hqdefault.jpg


http://cdn.bearingarms.com/uploads/2013/11/lucas2.jpg
How did he live two grenades that close?
Phi phi! 
How did he survive 2 grenades? 
Awesome. My grandpa was Iwo Jima and in the same division as this guy.  He very well could be the reason I exist. 
&gt;He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open.

Holy sh@t! Like covering grenades wasn't enough!
It also says he survived a training jump while in the army between 1961 and 1965 where *both* of his parachutes failed to deploy.  You know you're a baddass when this doesn't make the TIL title. 
He looks like Cotton Hill. Or Cotton Hill looks like him actually.
His balls protected him from the blast.
He survived jumping on two grenades?
Story time: a man in my town also went to fight in WW2 as a teenager. When he was 16, he left home to join the Navy. He was an orphan, I think his guardians didn't really care too much. The night before they went to the recruiting station, he and a group of guys sat around their hotel room writing fake family trees in thrift store bibles. The military would accept a family bible that listed when you were born in lieu of a birth certificate. They all passed the bibles around so the names of fake family members would be written in different colors of ink and handwriting, but I think the recruiters overlooked how obviously fake this group of boys looked. 
My favorite part: when he turned 78 the navy sent him a "Happy 80th Birthday" card.
At the tender age of 14 this man was a hero, meanwhile I was just sitting there masterbating. 
This is possibly the most incredibly TIL I've ever read.
Christ, what a guy.
Not that it's news to anyone, but the odds of surviving this heroic act are very slim. Even so, there seem to be many other notable [instances of people surviving after throwing themselves on grenades.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falling_on_a_grenade)
This guy is fucking awesome.
How did he live two grenades that close?
Alpha as fucking fuck, cuz.
ELI5: how do you survive on top of two detonating grenades?
I'm sorry for my ignorance. But how can you survive jumping on a grenade? Those must be shitty grenades.
How the hell do you survive throwing yourself on a grenade?

His wife plotted to kill him with a detective. During Iwo Jima he recovers 2Japanese grenades shoves them nth into the volcanic ash of the beach, Laid his rifle over then and laid on his rifle. They exploded messing him up pretty bad I think his eye was hanging out. Saved 2 people. Indestructible is an amazing book about him. I did a report in 8th grade on him
How does one survive jumping onto a grenade?
When you throw yourself on 2 grenades and it doesn't kill you ?????
His second wife tried to hire an undercover state trooper to kill him.
oh god, teenagers
sounds fake
I'm still trying to get past the whole "jumping on top of grenades and surviving" part.
How does one live after throwing themselves on a grenade, let alone two?
Now that man is a real American.
It's Cotton Hill from King of the Hill!
How do you survive throwing yourself on top of grenades?  
TIL what a man is... and sadly I am not that.
I like to believe he was the unofficial inspiration for Cotton Hill
Greatest generation.
If this guy isn't the best candidate for Marvels super soldier serum, I don't know who is...
How the hell do you survive two grenades?
If this happened today, it would have ended at the part where he deserted and ended up in jail.
This dude is a super human. 
I like how it took the military **3 years** to confer the medal to him, as if it were a protracted decision. 

Just picture a committee sitting down and one old guy piping up "two grenades ain't bad but really we'd be looking at diving on *three or more* grenades for the medal..."
"Private First Class Lucas unhesitatingly hurled himself over his comrades upon one grenade and pulled the other one under him, absorbing the whole blasting force of the explosions in his own body in order to shield his companions from the concussion and murderous flying fragments."
ok, you got me. how does one survive 2 live grenades?
He then went home to FINISH HIGH SCHOOL.
He also survived jumping out of a plane when both his chutes didn't deploy. 

This guy is Superman. 
He also survived a 3500 feet fall when both of his parachutes failed at the age of 40 in paratrooper school and his second wife hired a hitman to kill him but he failed I guess the Japanese forgot to let the guy know he can't die by mere mortal weapons
Holy shit I never thought Id see my family on the front page of reddit. This man was my dad's uncle but sadly he passed a few years ago. I remember his funeral was huge.

Unfortunately I mever really got to know him that well. He was very disabled from the grenade but Im proud to call him family.
My father was in the Marines and was shot to death, after saving 200 of his crew by fighting using a spoon and golf ball alone.

 After dying he turned into mercury, got back together. Then went back and disabled a mine by hugging it.

He received a purple heart, and a dark purple heart (for resurrecting to serve)

... Army stories are never believable/real
Where the hell were his parents during all of this?
"Jacklyn admitted to a fellow marine shortly beforehand, that he would do something so brave just so that people would stop making fun of his feminine sounding name."
This is the kind of Patriotism and love for another we need in this country again.  Rather than being some snob ass liberal on reddit, or a protester protesting about an issue they barely know shit about.
.. I bought my coworker pizza today. So I guess I did OK today
Bad fucking ass....Semper Fi, brother
He served in the movie Rudy.
So we have a gun, because what else are they going to die that day.
I think he was just trying to kill himself.
Either the guy was such a serious believer that his brain put an override on his fear or he had some kind of adrenaline resistance which propelled him right into the thick of it in order to feel anything.

Both are rather scary explanations IMO
I'm just kind of wondering why this kid was so desperate to die.
What does the laying of the keel mean?  Is it like a ship's retirement?  Does only part of the ship get retired some place?

&gt; When the keel of the USS Iwo Jima (LHD-7) was laid, Lucas placed his Medal of Honor citation in the ship's hull, where it remains sealed
Propaganda 
So question: I recall reading two American pilots who shot down a few Japanese planes at Pearl Harbor were refused the Medal of Honor because they were technically disobeying orders to remain grounded. How does this guy who basically went AWOL ( lbeit to another combat role) get one? I mean, he's heroic AF no doubt but it seems a little odd.
I love these headlines and stories etc, but more details and specifics are needed.

1. Why was he allowed to stay on board for 3 years? Surely in that time a boat was heading home that they could've put him on.

2. Why was he never issued a weapon but was able to some how get into a squad boat and storm the shore? Wtf sort of officers and men allow that?

3. I read he was arrested for desertion, but still allowed to storm the beach? Wtf is going on.
Teenage brains have not yet developed the faculty for considering *consequences*. 

I can't find a link, but years ago I heard of a study where scientists observed the MRIs of people of various ages as they (1) planned an activity, (2) visualized executing the activity, and (3) considered the consequences of the activity. All of the participants' brains lit up in various places during the first two activities, and brain activity was seen for all the adults for the third -- but the brains of teenagers did *not* show any activity during the *consider the consequences* phase. They don't *have* that function yet.

If my recollection is accurate and its a real finding, then how can we justify treating teenagers as adults? Are they responsible for their actions, when their brains are *incapable* of accounting for consequences? Does harsh treatment of teenage criminals accomplish anything, if other teenagers hear about their treatment (doubtful) and *they* don't have the *consequences lobe* either?

Teenagers are excellent war fodder, though. Iran exploited children's absence of the *consequences lobe* [when they used them to clear mine fields](http://www.omgfacts.com/news/9195/During-its-war-with-Iraq-Iran-used-school-aged-children-to-clear-the-ground-for-its-troops-by-running-over-minefields) during the Iran-Iraq war:

&gt; Iran is notorious for using “human waves” to clear minefields or draw enemy fire during war. ... Children were encouraged through visits to the schools as an invasive media campaign. Boys aged nine to sixteen proudly and excitedly lined up to become martyrs. They wore white headbands to signify their embracing of death. An estimated 95,000 Iranian child soldiers were killed during the war.  
It's no secret that kids/young adults are most willing to take chances. Most terrorist and suicide bombers are young as are soldiers in general. 
Woohoo propaganda!! 
How the fuck do you survive throwing yourself on two grenades ???
**Yvan eht nioj**
But he definitely had a muscular build and gave his age as 17, and was arrested for desertion.
He sounds like he literally just wanted to kill himself at a young age but was unlucky. 
threw himself on 2 grenades and lived in an era of questionable field medicine?  I guess I have to believe it because it's on the internet..
propaganda was a hell of a drug back in the day.
[deleted]
Where the hell were his parents/guardians during all of this? Or were they perfectly fine with their 14 year old son going into the marines, illegally?
More info here. Dude was a bad ass for sure!

http://www.badassoftheweek.com/lucas.html 
Yeah how did he live?
&gt;Lucas earned a business degree from High Point University and was initiated into the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity (Delta Omega Chapter). He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open.

Did his brass balls cushion his fall?
The only other person I've ever seen who spells their name how I do, except I'm female. 
He sure is manly for someone called Jacklyn
My Grandpa, a WWII Navy Veteran, told me about how he was one of three boys to graduate due to the fact several classmates lied about their age to enlist.    
Probably thought he'd respwan
"He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which **both of his parachutes did not open**." Man did this guy have bad luck
Talk about "Into The Wild."
What is his body made of?
&gt;He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open.

Heights now fear him.
Where is the anime version of this story?
He was the guest of honor at our mess night in C (sea?) School. He went out of his way to make sure he gave every female Marine a long hug. Seemed pretty spry for a guy who'd don't what he had.
They were built differently back then..
Just wondering... how can someone survive a grenade blast? I understand if they were duds but to my understanding you're mincemeat when it blows.
ELI5: How can one survive 2 granades being blow up on himself?
No, he wasn't fine. Severely injured and presumed dead at first. With a motley selection of 200 pieces of metal in his body. Sometimes fate decides you aren't going to die that day.
When I was 12 I snuck into a PG-13 movie, without a ticket, and threw up on myself to protect my body from bad hot pockets.
Nickname "Jack"?  I would think it would have been "Lucky". Lucky Lucas has a nice ring to it. 
I was taking the story til the grenade part... how on earth did he survive?  And the training jumps without parachute? This guy must be made of steel.
I think his giant brass balls protected him!!
&gt;He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and **survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open**

What the fuck; who is this kid, Superman?
"He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open." Hardcore sob
In the interview of him he says his rife jammed, is why he didn't have a rifle
Th real Captain America. 
My brother went to The University of Southern Mississippi in Hattiesburg and personality knew him. The man was a character. We met someone during a Veterans Day fest at my school (LSU) who was an MOH awardee and knew him. He said during a MOH conference, "Uncle Mack" rode a Harley right in the middle of the hall. 
This man is unstoppable. "Survived a training jump where both of his chutes did not open."
I think I was learning how to swim at 14. 
They give people awards for infultrating the Marines?   I guess the Marines are just all around in trouble 
"He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open." 

Definitely a very lucky man.
My favorite thing about this article is the picture... Look at how much respect everyone in this picture has. Jacklyn Lucas Looks up to that officer knowing he is looking at a Hero as well as a brother.
TIL of the man who gave no fucks
How can you survive two grenades???
Was in Airborne from 1961-1965. Survived a jump when both chutes didn't open. 

The man had a charmed life. 
Jack's nephew here...stoked to see this on the front page. Very few people know his story, and even fewer people know just how crazy he was. My dad told me that me when I was first born, Uncle Jack uninvited drove to our home in Louisiana to see me. When he unexpectedly  walked into our living room my mother was changing me. Uncle Jack's first words upon seeing me were, "Damn Wanda...he sure as hell must be a Lucas".  I was less than a month old......
Then he founded Stark Industries, because he is LITERALLY IRON MAN.
And was a Pike!
&gt;from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open.

Ok, this dude is just a terminator, right?
Met Mr. Lucas at the 50th anniversary of Iwo Jima event in Fredericksburg, Texas. He was super friendly. Had his own Jeep in the parade.
The definition of a badass. I wish I could have shook this mans hand, holy fuck. At 17 years old he had more balls and courage than I ever will.
Courage and insanity are often interchangeable.
Not sure if hero, or a candidate for mental institution.
How was he not blown into pieces? 

TWO GRENADES???
I live in Hattiesburg, MS.  He is a pretty big deal around here.  Local legend who passed away not long ago.
I also earned metal of honor at age 17. But I earned it by mowing lawns. This guy works too hard for his playstation games. Still you have to respect his love of historically accurate WWII shooters.
Oh yeah?  Well, Jaclyn Smith from Charlies Angels did her hair AND her nails while driving 70mph on the PCH.  Beat that Jacklyn Lucas lol!
most comments here are fucking circle jerk. Reddit is not fun or funny any more, bloody mainstream. Not Yahoo anwers, but getting there.
What a god damn legend

"He served in the 82nd Airborne Division from 1961 to 1965 as a paratrooper to conquer his fear of heights and survived a training jump in which both of his parachutes did not open. "
BRUH.
I think I'm going to go outside now. 
How the fuck do you jump on two grenades and survive? How is the human body strong enough to take the power from those explosions?
Inb4 "must have been hard to rush the beach with balls that size" comment
How do you survive just jumping on one grenade?
Americans like this are why this this country will go on until the end of humaity. 
He just sounds like a lucky Idiot to me but a hero non the less.
So when is the movie coming out? 
While this story is an exceptional one, I've met a couple of other guys from WWII and Korea that lied about their ages to join and fight.  We had to help my chick's grandfather (Korean War Vet) dig up extra identification to prove his correct age when he had to get a driver's license in a new state after moving.  He had conflicting ages depending on which ID he showed because he wanted to join the fight.  RIP Joonie.
&gt;His companions had thought he died in the blast, so they left him

I mean, I know it was likely that he was dead, but at least *check*??. He saved those guys' life!
What a badass. This sounds like the real Chuck Norris.
Reese?
This is some serious "boy named Sue" shit
Talk about a bad-ass.
this is what we need a movie about. Its like Catch me if you can with Saving Private Ryan. 
70+ years later, 17 year olds are also invading Iwo Jima but also doing 360 no-scopes.
You just won your nations highest military honor, what are you going to do now?

I'm going to Disneyland!
Badass.
If somebody did anything remotely like that today, they would be psychologically evaluated.
All i read is that he was designated to Alpha KAPPA Unit. So it's probably false.
Statistics say this man HAS done all our mothers. And a few of our fathers.
You know a dude named Jacklyn has to be tough AF 
Heres the clip in reference https://youtu.be/BN-oLuNeNxE
We (my submariner father and I (also a submariner)) were talking about this movie this morning.  Crimson Tide is a great movie unless you know anything about submarines.  There are a lot of things that are laughably wrong. 
That's a good way to get shot.
Badically it was Bowfinger IRL.
If you'd like to know why the Navy doesn't cooperate with filmmakers: [you can thank Cher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/If_I_Could_Turn_Back_Time#Music_video).
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3tp2vw?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Crimson Dive](https://youtube.com/watch?v=BN-oLuNeNxE)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tp2vw/_/cx87y5u?context=10#cx87y5u) - Heres the clip in reference  
[Das Beer Boot Music Video Featuring Hans Gretel](https://youtube.com/watch?v=zuDtACzKGRs)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tp2vw/_/cx88ay6?context=10#cx88ay6) - Das boot?  classic! 
[Leslie Nielsen -  Music Video from Naked Gun](https://youtube.com/watch?v=sEIeja2VRGo)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tp2vw/_/cx86weu?context=10#cx86weu) - You are literally this scene at 1:05   
[Crimson Tide Full Movie (1995) - Gene Hackman, Denzel Washington, Matt Craven](https://youtube.com/watch?v=CD-RjC7X2W8&amp;t=6330s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tp2vw/_/cx86ye1?context=10#cx86ye1) - There&amp;#39;s a scene in the movie that&amp;#39;s my favourite example of firearms making that bullshit edited in gun cocking sound that guns don&amp;#39;t make when just pointed at a target.  To make such a sound a semi auto pistol would have to h...
[Burnistoun - Voice Recognition Elevator in Scotland](https://youtube.com/watch?v=sAz_UvnUeuU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tp2vw/_/cx86shj?context=10#cx86shj) - 11! 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Former submarine officer here.  Lots of cheesy unreality in movies like this and Hunt for Red October. But still lots of fun to watch.  Best sub movie ever (especially for realism): Das Boot.
Surely they could have just used a fake model? 
"Speaking of horses did you ever see those Lipizzaner stallions?"

"I expect and demand your very best. Anything less, you should have joined the Air Force."

I was aboard the USS Shasta (AE-33) when it was requested that we participate in some aerial shots of our ship for "Clear and Present Danger", a Clancy book-turned-film. There's a part in the book that involved our ship. They were denied permission, but I was never privy to the reasoning this was not allowed. This was between '87-'91, and we were involved in the Gulf War, so timing may have been an issue.
I thought the Military had to give the OK for any footage of the military in movies?
They're probably auburn fans
"Sir, there's a whole bunch of Hollywoodians in a boat and helicopter chasing after us!"

"DIVE, DIVE"
The Hunt for Red October didn't have this problem. They got the USN to let them film the USS Blueback doing an emergency blow ("Way to go, Dallas!"). Part of the reason Red October is a vastly superior submarine movie...
We have ways of making you cooperate. Dark ways. Secret ways. Ways that would make- HEY BILLY, GET THE CAMERA I SEE ONE SURFACING!!!
Because of this my father would be  in that scene with his captain and another guy going under before they submerge if it weren't for good cropping. He has been telling me this story for years, glad to see it's true.
This is not a formality, sir! This is expressly why your command must be repeated. It requires my assent, I do not give it and furthermore, you continue upon this course, and insist upon this launch without confirming this message first...

[full movie here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD-RjC7X2W8)
Roll tide
Bowfinger did it better! 
In 1975, three of us were ghosting along in a thirty foot sloop near Daytona Beach- pretty close to sure.

Out of nowhere, a nuclear sub came up on us and passed us, maybe 100 feet away at its closest.

Bit of a shock.
Such a great movie....GIVE ME THE GODDAMN KEY!!!!
I love this move and just watched it again recently. I must say that scene where they dive the sub is my favorite scene. I'm impressed they were able to pull that off with such perfection just by chasing a sub!
Submerging is great and all, but watching a sub surface in open seas is the most majestic thing I've ever seen.  I was manning the rails on the USS Essex in '96 on our way into Pearl Harbor.  We were miles out...I was wondering why I'm (we're) all dressed up, at parade rest, staring into endless blue when no one could see us.  Seemed like a couple of hours.  Anyhoo, somewhere in there I notice a shape under the surface...like a big shape...kind of scary 'cause (Marine on a boat for the first time) I've watched too many movies and WHY IS SOMETHING THIS BIG RIGHT NEXT TO US????  It slowly breaks the surface, white ocean spray is everywhere.  Not simply emerging, but moving at a good clip as it breaks.  I'm thinking, how many people get to see this?  Maybe only 30% of Navy and Marines on this ship can see it...and the guys on that sub probably have no idea either....it was like a scene you'd only see in a movie, and it was happening right in front of me.
That's awesome that the sub they ended up filming was the *real* USS Alabama, the same sub depicted in the movie.
Ooh, I am gonna get downvoted for this one!! Tide came out in '96 and while I realized the science was wonky, I understood the morality of the issues addressed, the conflict and I thought it was a great film. I got enormous grief for it from my ex-BF (current BF at the time) and all his friends saying "I didn't respect the military, the chain of command, etc.)". A couple years later (maybe 1999 at that point?) I pointed out that Tom Clancy had a point about the US Government's vulnerability to attacks from airplanes in DC and etc. from the novel Debt of Honor and was also shouted down, to the point of being called a traitor and all that. Come 9/11/2001, not one among them gave me grief anymore. Movies and fiction don't need to be 100% spot on accurate to be instructive or thought-provoking. Not at all. 
Spotting genuine US military hardware is often a good way to see what movies got the "Pentagon seal of approval" and you can expect a nationalist military propagandafest like War Of The Worlds.

If a series uses other hardware and tries to disguise it for American one  [like this tank in The Walking Dead](http://imgur.com/a/nEd3q), they didn't get it.
rule of thumb when militaries are asked to provide hardware: does the script make said military, and all characters portraying members of said military, look good? Yeah? Here ya go. No? Piss off and rent your own gear.
There should be a movie about a film crew trying to film a movie in in pearl harbor when the Japanese attack.
I will forever know the Crimson Tide theme as the Joe Zombie theme. 
If I remember correctly a big reason was the whole mutiny on a US warship and the issue that came up with the missile keys, etc. 
Heres the clip in reference https://youtu.be/BN-oLuNeNxE
Surely they could have just used a fake model? 
http://imgur.com/GLDW0VD
Why couldnt LOST do this?
You can really tell the Navy didn't cooperate with this movie.  I was on a ballistic missile sub for five years, and this movie came out during that time.  We thought it was a comedy.
Das Boot was a hell of a film... what really made it so real, is that I had toured the captured U Boat from WWII at the Chicago Museum of Natural History.  The film's version of the boat, section for section, was spot on.  I understand it's housed underground, but when I visited, it was suspended in the air, and you could walk under the bow.
USN Alabama now becomes the show case submarine when you get tour at Norfolk.
For Crimson Tide and Hunt for Red October the shots with them on the conning tower was a conning tower rigged too a barge. Source, dad was the the marine surveyor and a consultant for the films.
ITT: submariners have arrived
The Navy did cooperate in the beginning.  Film makers came aboard the boat I was on (the USS Florida) and filmed us running drills.  They didn't use this footage in the movie, but used it to set up shots later when they actually did film the movie.  
They have to be inspected.
Now they spend tax dollars to promote and consult on trash action flicks. 
All I see in thumbnail scout mode is 28 days later. Cannot unsee.
The acting in this movie is excellent. Gene Hackman is amazing. "Mr. Hunter, I've made a decision. I'm captain of this boat, NOW SHUT THE FUCK UP!"
Basically it was Bowfinger IRL.
If you'd like to know why the Navy doesn't cooperate with filmmakers: [you can thank Cher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/If_I_Could_Turn_Back_Time#Music_video).
Refused for good reason I might add.  Not only does the Navy not support the making of movies with Mutiny; they also don't allow the viewing of those movies while underway.  So no mutiny on the bounty, no cain mutiny.  Although we did have a captain who liked to joke about what happened to his strawberries.
Great way to get arrested. Or shot.
That's a good way to get shot.
*TIL: when the makers of Crimson Tide, refused to change their script for DoD they had to steal shots of military assets.*
This doesn't sound smart
"Refused to cooperate"...? I think "declined to participate" would be more appropriate. Why would the military feel obligated to help film a movie? 
That sounds a little sketchy. I wouldn't think the military would be very happy with people snooping on their missions/training exercises.
Without their OK for any footage of the software mentioned in the tower and what is supposed to be safe, saying anything jeapardizes everyone.
That is incredibly disrespectful.
"The US Navy refused".... you talk like if they were obliged to help every single film maker
[deleted]
The bee analogy seems like a bit of a stretch, to me. There are many theories that explain this phenomena such as the [distance-decay theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distance_decay), which when applied to serial killers or sexual offenders, basically says that the farther away the offender is from home, the less likely they are to commit a crime. This could be due to the fact that they are not familiar with their surroundings, so they have less chance of escape or they know less possible victims. 

You can also apply Routine activities theory [(Cohen &amp; Felson, 1979)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Routine_activity_theory), or the [least effort principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_effort), to explain serial killer behaviour.
TIL if I wanna kill, drive about three hours whatever direction and no one would be none the wiser.
I'm interested to know if the majority of serial killers enjoy honey.
This sounds like something that would be in a Numb3rs episode.
So if I want to catch a serial killer, I have to [*become* the bee.] (https://deadhomersociety.files.wordpress.com/2010/03/bartgetsfamous3.png)
Serial killers are also known to run around in the room in circles going BUZZ!!!!!!!
This is one of the reasons it's so hard to catch serial killers who drive trucks.

"Lorry driving is difficult. Shift gears, shift gears, shift gears, kill a prositute, shift gears, shift gear."

- Jeremy Clarkson
A crazy old guy that worked in a pawnshop once told me that the government's big plan is to convert us from mammals into insects. 

* He said that our mammalian instinct is to live in small groups/packs - while the government is pushing us to live in cities/hives. Recent studies have shown that stress from living at such high densities may be one of the biggest killers. Sensitive individuals sustain hundreds of small stresses every day - from people being in too close of a proximity, to rudeness, road rage, etc.

* Our mammalian instinct is to breed and raise families. The government is pushing us to substitute sex for family and to have two "drones" per household serving the "greater good"/hive.

Not sure that I entirely buy it, but it's an interesting thought.
Thanks. I'll start going further away to choose my victims. 
I always wonder about these "Serial killers behave like...". Maybe it's just the serial killers we catch. Maybe there are serial killers that are totally random, that we don't catch.
That Honey Nut Cheerios Bee is definitely a cereal killer
Would that explain why serial killers are typically involved in the community, clown, scout master, etc?
Dating is the same way.

Dating that girl in Nigeria? Bad idea.

Dating your roommate? Also bad.

Dating the girl 10 minutes away? Brilliant!
God help us if they develop hive mind
Bees?
http://i.imgur.com/V3VO1Tzh.jpg
Also serial killers can only sting once and then they die.
Ted Bundbee,?John Wayne Honeybee?
&gt; Bee stings may also ease pain caused by rheumatoid arthritis. Researchers at the University of Sao Paulo found that molecules in bee venom increase your body’s level of glucocorticoid, an anti-inflammatory hormone.  

I think I actually experienced this once.  I was backpacking on a jacked up hip couple years back.  The constant discomfort was really starting to wear on me.  "Fortunately" I stepped in bees nest and got stung a bunch of times.  The stings hurt, but my hip actually felt a lot better.  So much so that I ended up being glad about it.  I always thought it was just because your brain isn't great at processing pain from multiple body parts at once.  Maybe the anti-inflammatory properties of the strings was also a factor though.
Move like a fly, sting like a bee.
How ironic... aren't Serial Killers in movies always waxing poetic about sheeple and "hive " mentality!?  Turns out...they are the bees!
[deleted]
Just don't eat their honey. 
[Here's](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/7530666.stm) the BBC news article from 2008 about bee behavior as it relates to serial killers linked in the Mental Floss listicle that mostly has nothing to do with the title of this post.
Wu-tang always knew this. Killa Bs 
They aren't "serial killers" they're bee-kin wtf is wrong with you people
[BEES?!](http://media.giphy.com/media/WUZlQ0IvmsVqM/giphy.gif)
Alright then I'll just leave this here

https://www.google.com/search?q=gilgo+beach+population

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long_Island_serial_killer
The best tactic for dissuading a serial killer is to tell them to buzz off and blow smoke at them.
Let's stop the bee-shaming, please  :(
TIL, kill someone next door. They'll never expect it. 
All Felons are serial killers?
I need to be careful of anyone calling me "honey"

Does this also apply to copbeecat killers as well?


..I'll show myself out.
One of the first rules of committing crimes is 'Don't shit in your own backyard'
Sounds like a sting operation...
/r/nottheonion
Still, no body ever suspects the butterfly.
Phrenology: 2015 Edition
Time to kill my neighbors, it's the perfect crime
It is a totally marvelous algorithm in that it catches active serial killers and the people who google stuff about the feeding behavior of bees are added to a list of possible persons of interest.
So wait, I used to go to this bar that I normally didn't go to, because I knew I could probably find someone to go home with. It was near my house, but not that close. 

Oh my god. I'm a honey bee.
Bullshit. Even the article itself says "This geographic profiling works so well in bees, the scientists say *future experiments* on the animals *could now be* fed back to improve crime-solving."

Future? Could be?  Nowhere does it says "POLICE NOW USE". 


OP is a lying sack of shit.
Scientists studied beehavior

FTFY
TIL serial killers have been reverse engineered.
Unbeelievable
Bees are serial killers. Have you ever seen bee movie? You could learn something.
Wu Tang Killah bees!
TIL it's safer to live next door to a serial killer.
I guess each offense is a real buzzkill.
I was about to say _successful_ serial killers, then I realized the ones that aren't never get to be serial.
Thanks for the heads up. 
And similar to bees, murderers are total dicks who will eff you up for no reason.
Mhmmm serial killer honey
And some serial killers don't kill until someone bothers them first, similar to how a bee behaves.
Canyman, anyone?
TIL bees behave like serial killers
More like bee-hive-ior, *amirite?*
Is there also a queen serial killer that produces new serial killers?
welp, time to commit homocide in my neighborhood
or across the country
Also like every human who camps, close enough that you don't have to be shitting in the cold too long, far enough away not to attract animals/smell
But bees are so tiny. 
fine. this bullshit convinced me to resume spraying. 
THE BEES!
[deleted]
I'm sure it would be easier if everyone would just *beehive*
I honestly think that crucial information such as these should be kept from the public no matter what. Because you know, potential and existing killers now have an insight as how to avoid being caught. But i dont know. Ignore me, im a frog.
Now this is a TIL
It has always been crazy to me how well loved and respected by their neighbors a serial killer will often be, or stereotypically are shown to be. makes me want to have a serial killer neighbor for all the extra family friendly help and immunity against them
How do we know bees didn't evolve from watching serial killers?

Ok, driver three towns over not just two towns.  Got it.
I normally hate these "Top X things about Y" articles but mentalfloss ones are usually more tolerable and they seem fairly well researched.
We have a rooftop beehive where I work. We also have a rooftop garden with lots of flowers. The bees are all over those flowers, even the ones super close to the hive. Any predator that can't see the hive from where they're collecting pollen is blind. 
Bee behavior or beehaivior?
...
Pretty amazing finding.
Gives new meaning to "The Secret Life of Bees."
[It works!](http://i.imgur.com/q18OfjA.gif)
Thats a stretch 
I'll just kill my neighbor.  The other neighbors wont suspect a thing!
All thirteen facts about bees on that list were fascinating. I think TIL about ten of them.
Ah ha... A Police Sting!
Now I know why Sherlock is so fascinated with bees. 
This would apply to almost anything that you don't really want your friends/neighbors to know. You want to go far enough that you won't run into somebody you know, but close enough that it's not a complete pain in the ass. 
Bees commit crimes? 
Arrest anyone in a bee suit.
Darn they know me now 
Do they also do a waggle dance to lead others to their crime scene?
This is super weird because I'm reading a comic called Nailbiter about serial killers and bees are an important part of it
Oh behive.
TIL police are looking for felons who build wax food storage cells in hollow trees.
does that mean bees are calculated psychopaths?
thanks for the tip.
But how does this relate to bee serial killers?
I watched something ages ago that said Burglary was almost exclusively a local crime.

I remember because it meant that the people who spend the most on security (affluent suburbians) have the least need for it. They are pretty unlikely to be robbed unless they live near robbers.
I wonder if there will be a sting operation when these killers are found. 
What a buzzkill. 
have they actually caught any serial killers with it?

No, but they've collected a shitton of honey 
Note to self: Kill close to home, save gas.
very interesting, but there are enough unpredictable elements to the MO of a serial killer. Bees are predictable.
I would have guessed serial killers behaved like wasps, because wasps.
Did no one watch Numb3rs? I think that was the Pilot, lol.
So...bees are serial killers? 
This is really interesting! We are just animals after all.
So If we kill the serial killer queen will all the serial killers die out?
Probably the same logic used by drug users when finding a place to get high if they can't do it in their home
Wow that's strange and cool at the same time.i like it
Beads?!
So they are lazy, but not so lazy then
As a serial killer I can relate to this information :-) 
Collecting pollen is illegal
Oh beehave. 
Please note redditor @losthiker68 who had this great George Carlin quote about serial killer behavior: https://www.reddit.com/r/introvert/comments/2at8ja/its_the_quiet_ones_you_have_to_look_out_for/ciyzzph
***** []()p
So the Gilgo Beach killer might be from NYC?
Serial bees huh? Kinda makes you wonder about that Honey Nut Cheerios Buzz fellow... 
When you hear me humming, you know I'm coming.
BzzzZZZzzzzzzz
What does that say about punishment? 
Why I don't eat figs. 
From the BBC article scientists were merely "hopeful" this behaviour models could help in criminology. I don't see any further sources that show that it was actually used to help catch criminals.  It's a nice headline, but I don't see much proven relationship.  
One of my favourite posts for a long time, I love this stuff. I built a navigation sensor for UAVs based on bees!
"Human subtlety...will never devise an invention more beautiful, more simple or more direct than does nature, because in her inventions nothing is lacking, and nothing is superfluous." -- Leonardo da Vinci
For some reason this makes me extremely uncomfortable. 

Just picked up my weapon. I might be paranoid. I might not be.
Where you been? Dr. Hannibal Lecter &amp; Clarice Starling taught us this in 1991.
wu tang killer b
A simple fucking algo.  Close but not too close. Far but not too far. 
ALBERT FISH
TED BUNDY
SOME RUSSIAN WHO TOOK THE TRAINS BUT I CANT REMEMBER HIS NAME&gt; FUCK COMMIES
sometimes it is planned sometimes they cant resist sometimes they are under too much stress. do bee's react like that. also sometimes they just think the timing is too perfect

I feel like gang taggers might work this way too.  I've been observing a rash of tags around my neighborhood and this type of behavior would explain some things.
Grimm anyone?
"First world" topic is very interesting
It doesn't seems too difficult to act as a serial killer and not get caught. They often seek attention, and even mock the police, which is where these patterns come from.

If someone want to become a serial killer, this is what I suggest based on all (real, not fictional) detective and forensic shows I have watches:

- Don't bring a cellphone or GPS with you. Always pay with money. Don't use the Internet to search about crimes. Avoid all sort of electronic tracking. Are you retarded?

- Kill in the summer. Bodies deteriorate faster in hot climates.

- Don't kill people you know. Random crimes are practically impossible to solve since the police has nowhere to start from.

- There's a unlocked door somewhere. That will make it look like the criminal knew the victims.

- Use different methods to kill and different weapons. Look for victims of all genders, ages and races. These are patterns used by the police.

- Don't kill near your living area. Choose a region 3 driving hour away and start from there.

- Use a disguise. Something that won't make you recognizable, but won't look suspicious or weird. It will make cameras or composite sketches less effective.

- Change your car wheels and leave fake footprint marks that are not of your size.

- Don't record your crimes on tape, don't take trophies from the scenes, don't stalk the families of your victims, don't collect articles about the murders. Don't connect yourself to the crimes. That's stupid.

- Don't say anything to the police, you are not obligated to. When they read your rights, ask for a lawyer.
Does no one else watch Criminal Minds? Geographical profiling. 
This post is 6 hours old and no one has mentioned [Kim Rossmo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Rossmo) and his [method](http://www.popcenter.org/library/crimeprevention/volume_04/10-Rossmo.pdf) yet?


Actually, he'd be an interesting AMA.
Every serial killer in history also drank water regularity. 

Correlation does not equal causality. 

does this study take into account all the serial killers that have never been caught? i mean the smart ones that only kill when they go on vacations to other countries?
Studied their *beehavoir*
[*"Protect your eyes!!"*](http://i.imgur.com/EozMGe5.gifv)
Bees have the minds of serial killers. Doesn't surprise me. Fuckers
So does this mean serial killers evolved from bees instead of apes
So that's why police use sting operations to catch these guys
How to be a serial killer: be smarter than a bee.
This just in, criminals commit crimes close enough to get to a safe place but far enough from their homes to not be immediately investigated
Is that why Sherlock Holmes became a beekeeper?
What did you expect? They get plane tickets and hotels so that they can scope out victims? I dunno about you, but i (as well as most) cant afford such murdurous lifestyles.
TIL Serial killers only commit crimes close to home, but far enough that neighbors don’t get suspicious.
My only question is... well, who the fuck noticed the similarity?
Or maybe, serial killers *who get caught* behave like bees. So bees are an analogy for ineffective serial killers.
As I was reading this the image came into my mind of a dude dressed in a bee costume sneaking into some dudes house nearby and pulling out a knife and saying "buzz, buzz, motherfucker" before stabbing them. 

Thanks for the heads up.


- the scranton strangler
I see I'm getting a nice bit of pseudoscience bullshit for lunch today.

Bees, uhuh, exactly like serial killers, uhuh... nom nom nom.
Jeffrey Dammer was a serial killer and instead he lured and killed his victims at home.
I hope the serial killers of reddit take note and adjust their behaviour accordingly.
I'd say the ability to purchase a car with a low down payment expands that "suspicious" zone.
Best part? It's right like 4 out of 10 times.

Fucking algorithms are awesome!
They studied the bee-havior of the felons?
Bee-havior.
Ted Bundy Bees

It's more like they're trying to be random, but nobody can actually *be* random, because you're trying to do it.  If you try to create a random pattern, you're more than likely subconsciously creating an actual pattern that investigators could try to guess.  I think Freakonomics or something did this.
[deleted]
Jesus christ TIL is the worst sub ever
this is actually be on r/interestingasfuck.
"Algorithms", the new police.
Like the Future Crimes Division from Futurama, but instead of an Oracle... bees.
Do serial killers have a hive mind?
And this is how the term beedophile came into play.
Interesting, sadly I don't have enough time right now to look into this, so I'll have to come back later.  
So I should kill people right next to me to not get caught, good tips.
Why didn't they just study....the felons?
Can we catch bees by studying serial killers? They're all disappearing, you know.

The bees, not the serial killers.
Just lowjack everyone like in demolition man. Sensor in everyone when they area born. Crime is committed you can instantly see who was there and find the person. Suddenly no more crime or 100% crimes solved.
Seems like a very silly correlation to me. You could easily say serial killers are like any animal in some way
Is it that serial killers behave like bees, or *bees behave like serial killers*? 
Gives the term "busy as a bee" new meaning
Huh. I always hated bees.
Could you say that serial killers BEEHIVE like bees?
That seems like a bad analogy? Maybe it's just me 
Some serial killers, in fact there is mathematical formulas that British police use to calculate a radius of where the killers will be and their likely exact locations.

However, a lot of serial killers, particularly in America, move from state to state killing on their way, which is why some of them never get caught.
Why felons. Why cant it be "criminals". Felony just needs to fucking die. The classification is just goddamn unnecessary.
Umm... We got from serial killers to felons pretty quickly there
Do serial killers also dance after catching their "honey"
Similarly, people tend to work within a reasonably small commute distance from their job, but far enough that they don't run into their colleagues or their boss in their own residential area
So does that make the neighbours or police the predator? 
So if serial killers behave like bees, why does studying bees help catch felons?

Serial killers are felons, but a huge majority of felons are NOT serial killers. Lazy writing.
Buzzkill
And just like bees, they should kill them once they're done with them.
But what if BEES are serial killers!?
"Felon" and "Murderer" aren't interchangeable. 
Ha. BEEhave
Doesn't this apply to everyone who commits a per-meditated crime?  You're not going to rob the bank across the street but you're also not going to a different city, cause you don't know the lay of the land.
I've been reading about these algorithms that supposedly find criminals and predict where crime will happen before it does for a good 20+ years and have yet to see any published studies that show these things actually work in any tangible way. I feel like they're just selling gimmicks to PDs who are wasting our money on them.
This is so fucking stupid
TIL all felons are serial killers!?  Guys, we CANNOT give them the vote!


I'm sorry but this is bullshit.
Found algorithms? I'm no math whiz but I'd imagine it's a bit more like they drew conclusions and made up an equation based on what they think is true.
So commit crimes right next to my home, and in a circle around a different area. Got it. 
46% was generous.

If you look at the study's executive summary, 46% was the number for which they could find at least one supporting case study.

But you can find at least one supporting case study for a lot of bullshit.

When they further refined the claims down to those with "believable or somewhat believable" evidence, the number of supported claims shrank to 33%.

(EDIT: and even then, "somewhat believable" is hardly a glowing endorsement.)
How do I know which 46% are medically supported?
Since Oprah left, he's taken over as the great daytime purveyor of all things bullshit. He really should be ashamed of himself, but I suppose being famous makes it all worthwhile. 
I've only seen bits of his show a couple of times and every time I thought it was an infomercial. 
TIL that ONLY 54% of the recommendations Dr.Oz makes aren't medically supported.
I honestly would have ballparked that number in the high 70s.
He's been to court several times for false claims. He may have the occasional good piece of advice, but he get's a lot of money to talk nice about supplements. 
This is medical entertainment where a magical leaf can control weight, get rid of wrinkles and back aches, and cure cancer. People love to hear it and hope it is true so they tune in to watch and the sponsors love the Neilson ratings. Ignore the advice and enjoy the show if you watch, but visit your doctor for medical care and advice.

Another "expert" brought to you by Oprah.
It's been heavily criticised outside of the medical community as well.

The bastard should be in jail.
[here's a link to the study](http://www.bmj.com/content/349/bmj.g7346)
I saw one episode where he was telling people to eat different coloured foods because they could target certain chi or something.
People need to realize that there are bad doctors. There are terrible doctors. You might have a cardiologist that doesn't know much outside of their specialty, for example. Doctors are not geniuses just because they finish medical school. Throw in an audience of idiots/gullible people and a network that is about nothing but ratings -- and this is what you get.
[Last Week Tonight with John Oliver on the subject](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA0wKeokWUU)
If you did everything Dr Oz recommended, you would be DEAD from overdosing on a bunch of crap.
How far the great Dr. Oz has fallen. Starting as a reasonably competent cardiothoracic surgeon, his telegenic personality got suborned into a charismatic purveyor of snake oil of all sorts, just for bucks. I actually envy him, as a fellow surgeon, now getting a thorough drubbing courtesy of the Accountable Care Act.
Does anybody look at these TILs and think "wow, either OP is a huge karma whore or he is just massively uninformed"
pharmacist here.  This guy needs to burn.
He has to keep coming up with bullshit "miracle drugs" so he can stay relevant to the idiots that trust him.
What's crazy is that Dr.Oz is a Harvard and UPenn educated cardiothoracic surgeon
Our country has a great and storied history of snake-oil salesmen.


This isn't even the worst of what this bone head does. He runs sharecare and the app askMD, the "real age test" you know that test online that you fill out with all your personal medical history? Yeah well he basically takes all that data and sells it to the highest bidder. Big Pharma mostly. Stay away from this guys sites. It's mostly senior aged users that he ends up invading the privacy of but pretty much anybody that uses his sites or apps will have their data sold.
And yet I believe he's still on Columbia's board, despite petitions from his colleagues, because he's just too much of a moneymaker.

This guy should have his medical license revoked, period. Surgeries included, he's probably hastened more deaths than he has averted.
Dr Oz had performed surgery on my grandma back in Turkey which saved her life so seeing news like this makes me sad :/
Just 54%? I thought it was more like 80%.
Isn't the show primarily selling bullshit "lose weight fast" scams to the fuckheads in the audience? 
He was always a scumbag, but when we was telling all the watchers about the "health benefits of Palm oil" he reached a pinnacle moment of douchebaggery.
My brain automatically substitutes the word "quack" when it hears or reads "Dr Oz".
As a medical professional in the pharmaceutical industry I agree. Nothing makes me instantly want to throat punch someone when they ask for a Dr Oz recommendation or say "Yeah but, Dr Oz said...." 
All he does is try to sell some new miracle herb each episode. 
I just assumed this was common knowledge
I am all for freedom of speech and job creation and fleecing the sheep, but giving misleading medical advice for the purpose of personal gain needs its own special circle in hell.
If you believe any of Dr. Oz you're a dolt.
"Momscience" lol
There have always been snake oil salesmen. 
It's troubling to me that you just learned about Dr Oz's quackery today.

As a general rule of thumb, anyone that Oprah is nuts about is full of shit. 
You just learned that Dr Oz is 100% pure grade A bullshit *today*??? Come on man. You might as well say "TIL the sky is blue".
Isn't he still an amazing heart surgeon though? 

Further proof that being brilliant in one thing doesn't = being brilliant in all things. Even if they seem to be closely related. 
Dr. Oz is to medicine as  FoxNews is to news. 
You know how it's sometimes cool to finally find some famous person from the same place? Well as a Turk, I finally found a celebrity from Turkey. And it's the most hated daytime celebrity. Sometimes I just want my country to do something right.
Dr. Oz is basically where you find all those anti-vaxxer and "climate change is not real" crowd. They all mostly believe in Trump, and lizard people, never forget about the lizard people who rule the government from the sewers. Never. Forget.
google all the videos of dr oz and congress
True story. I worked for a raw health food company. The marketing manager often brought up the fact that we could boost sales by buying time on Dr. Oz. You just pay him and he talks about how wonderful your product is. A big commercial between commercials.
*Today* you learned? You're lucky to be alive, pal.
TIL somebody didn't already know dr. Oz is full of horseshit
Really, OP? Member for over a year and you just learned this today? 
YOU DON'T SAY...

Have you ever watched the show? Like, for a second?
For people who watch Dr. Oz, 54% is more than half. 
Seriously, you just learned this today?
...How is this just recently learned by anybody? It's been a well known topic for a long time.
My Grandma was watching this show one time, turned to me and said "Don't trust this man. These things are fake" She's 85 and technologically impaired.
i used to watch all the time in the first few years, but it's become just more daytime talk.  it was nice to see alternative medicines and diets discussed on a popular show but it's basically run its course by now.  oz did play a big part in bringing out the whole GMO thing and also all but made the word poop oxford's word of the year in his heyday.
I worked for the Dr. Oz show on one of their segments. First off, the whole concept was a bit exploitive. Also they never paid me. Bastards owe me $150. 
Doctors hate this one weird tip! ^^^That's ^^^Totally ^^^fake 
^^^bullshit ^^^more ^^^then ^^^half ^^^the ^^^time. 
Such a quack.
I watch (well, use it as background noise) Dr. Oz quite a bit and it is easy to see which things are utter bullshit and which things actually might be beneficial. Luckily, as an educated viewer, I don't fall victim to these "miracle cures", but I definitely see how people could. I must be one of the few that benefitted from this show in a good way. This show convinced me to stop drinking sodas, to start eating healthier, and to stay active. If Oz stuck to giving out actual facts and ways to stay healthy instead of ridiculous "mixing coffee beans with vinegar may eliminate those wrinkles FOREVER", then maybe he would be ok.
I was already 100% convinced of questionable medical advice when the camera panned over the audience. 
I had to turn this shit off after he said "we truly are a.... Inflammation nation". Seriously. Inflammation nation.
This and that Dr.Phil guy are just scams for gullible people.
TIL that ONLY 54% of the recommendations Dr.Oz makes aren't medically supported.
I honestly would have ballparked that number in the high 70s.
I burst into laughter when on an episode I happened to catch a couple of minutes of he said "wrinkles have nothing to do with old age".
He has "mediums" and others kinds of spiritualists or whatever on the show regularly.  It's embarrassing and cringe-worthy to think of all those people flopping over themselves with this shit
I'm sorry, but isn't that what you get when you listen to a guy named Dr. Oz? I mean, c'mon, it sounds like a damn cartoon character. 
Oprah Winfrey, Dr Oz, Dr Phil and Rachel Ray are the four horsemen of the apocalypse. 4 of the most evil people in America.
He turns housewives into hypochondriacs. 
This show is the worst, just like Dr. Phill. I cant wait till these shows end. 
So fucking tired of this buffoon being touted on the Today show for all his medical "advice".

I mean, I know the Today show itself isn't anywhere near the paragon of journalistic integrity it would want you to believe, but still. Showing this snake oil merchant off as if he was a goose dropping golden eggs of wisdom is just fucked up.
then why is he allowed to stay on the air!
Eat a low fat diet. Eat a low carb diet. Eat a high fiber diet. 
Give me a break. Science itself can't even get it straight. 

For further reading on this subject — not necessary Mr. Oz specifically, but quackery and bad science — I recommend people look up Ben Goldacre, who writes on these subjects frequently.
Yes Reddit, there has been no double blind placebo controlled study published and replicated that greet coffee makes you lose weight. You should all now circle jerk about Dr. Oz and totally ignore the study published by the New England Journal of Medicine that shows shows mammography over the past 30 years, has resulted in over-diagnosis in roughly a third of cases of breast cancer. 

Because giving somebody advice about losing weight with something that cannot hurt you makes you LITERALLY HITLER, but treating hundreds of thousands of women with Chemotherapy which in itself will kill many of them is just fine...

I hate all of you.

http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa1206809
If this is true, that means something is statistically less likely to be true if Dr. Oz says it's true
I am on my phone and don't feel like finding it, but a study found that Doc Mcstuffins is more medically accurate than Dr. Oz is
Just 54%?
that show is trash
Today you learned?  Have you been on mars?
Whenever I'm in a grocery store and some obscure thing is featured, I just assume Dr. Oz said something about it. People think they can just chug coconut oil or things like that and lose weight but never think about just hitting the gym.
You just learned that?
It's a show that caters to stay at home moms. Do you expect it to appeal to rational evidence based practices? Lol.
He operates in a country where a majority of people are scientifically illiterate. 

This is why we need regulation.
Well the guy is shilling fraudulent medicine so I'm surprise the ratio isn't higher.

He should lose his license to practice
Fiddy fiddy oz of getting it right. 
I really wish he would be sued into oblivion. It would make me happy. 
Dang, I watched the show a couple times when I was 8 or 9. I got put in time out cuz I used the word "bullshit" describing it to my grandmother.
You're just learning this TODAY?!
I curse that show and all the shit products they spew. Mainly because the damn day at work I'll have 10 middle aged SAHM ask me if we carry this obscure piece of crap. It's a crappy show but it seem the type of people who follow it will do anything but what their own doctor tells them
Is this supposed to be surprising?
It's terrible because he's a doctor, and a pretty good one at that. He knows he's filling people's heads with bullshit and still does it. Wonder if he feels like the piece of shit he is for fucking with people's health like he is.
You mean Oprah and Dr Oz are after the almighty dollar and not the love of their fans?
His pr firm has told him to tone down the crazy. The PR firm has created accounts everywhere and is actively supporting him on websites like this. Be cautious of people supportive of this guy.
But the "Doctor" in his "Doctor Oz" logo is smaller than his name. It means people shouldn't be taking the advice as if it's from a doctor, even though it clearly says "Doctor Oz" the "Doctor" part is so small.
I was in a small restaurant with tv's and it was playing. all I could think was "god this shit is so stupid. god, that's such a baseless claim. why is this bitch rewording all of the normal things the guest is saying to make it sound like poison?"
We have a few running oz jokes at our med school whenever someone pulls info out their ass. 
What a scam
Check this shit out with some guy named Mehmet.
He was also criticized humorously by John Oliver for this facts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA0wKeokWUU
How about The Doctors?
He's stated before there's a good reason why the 'Dr.' part in the show's logo is much much smaller than the 'Oz' part.
He was great as Yoda
Several doctors want him removed from his position at Columbia University.

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/group-of-doctors-call-for-dr-oz-to-be-ousted-from-columbia-university/
You don't say? /s
I was an intern at C-SPAN and one hearing I went to had him as a main witness, I forget who but the first Sen or Congresswoman whomever to speak just reamed him for their time, like "WHY do you say this when" blah blah
It was about like health loss ads being prevalent and uninformative. But then a committee person talked about just seeing an ad on Twitter... Cause you should check social media while at a committee hearing, where shit actually gets done. politics...
I'm shocked.
What's crazy is he use to be a highly respectable Dr. 
And he still has a show, magazine cover, etc.. 
I still can't get over the episode I saw about THE HEALING POWER OF ANGELS.
"A study" 

BullshitterOz, but even worse, incessant bullshit "studies".

You didn't actually "learn" anything from this.
TIL WWII happened....NO SHITT
I always feel like if you seperate him from the show he would be a totally different person. I always feel bad for him when he peddles this stuff too because I just feel like its some fat old producer telling him what to say. Maybe I'm wrong though.
Must be new to reddit

You *barely* found this out?
I always had a feeling this guy was a fraud.
Only 54%? I'd expect it closer to the 100% mark
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/shitpost] [TIL you shouldn't only get your medical advice from Dr. Oz](https://np.reddit.com/r/shitpost/comments/3u1r0o/til_you_shouldnt_only_get_your_medical_advice/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Ive heard Dr. Oz on the Elvis Duran show plently of times.. shame on them for promoting his bullshit.
Wait, so 46% were? That's the real TIL. 
Duh, most of his stuff is like herbal remedies and diet stuff. 
And yet the audience is always full of women who trust him regardless cause he says what they want to hear.
TIL? Are you still on the fence about Finding bigfoot and Ghost hunters also? 
Says the 3rd place holders of the leading cause of deaths in the US...
Only 54% was bullshit?
Most health recommendations are not medically supported primarily because most health recommendations are not studied in depth.  Sure, most of the claims may be bullshit but that's because they're attempting to get you to try things that may / may not help.  You have to try it though to find out.  Now if it's dangerous advice, then ok don't follow it at all, but some of it may be beneficial.  It's up to you to try it and find out.    
is anyone surprised by this?
So is there anyone on Reddit who was actually shocked or surprised by this revelation?
Old news. But thanks to wikipedia, TIL that he has a cute lookin daughter.
We'll no shit. Once again, it depicts the elderly. They are the most vulnerable. Between telephone scams, the shopping network, and this, yes, it's the only reason he has a TV show. 
If you believe any of Dr. Oz you're a dolt.
Which medical community? States doesn't really recognize what he talks about, for example, as much as let's say England, who has a major holistic market. He talks a lot about naturalpath stuff and I think his wife does holistic medical work as well. Seems kind of perspectival. 

Think about it, the "medical community" (government regulated) can't prove that certain food essentially kills us slowly, so it makes sense that they'd make the argument that holistic things don't help, over time, as well.

*But again, I get that some stuff is iffy...just want to point that out before I get fucking witch hunted on reddit, as usual. 
Another "expert" brought to you by Oprah.
I thought it was common knowledge that he is a scam.




My surgeon professor really hates him. He said he's called him out and wanted to take him on in a medical knowledge battle. He's a pretty funny guy
why you playah hating on dr. oz just because he makes it rain?
If you're dumb enough to buy his crap anyways then you should stay fat 
Welcome to last year's headlines.
Is that the green guy from the first spiderman? 
So, it's about as reliable as the information in the LifeProTips, Vegan, et al. subreddits...
i find  doctor Dre  a more credible doctor than doctor oz. 
As if the medical community was more ethical than this show.
All Dr. Oz is now, is a pitchman. He just has garnered a following and everyone seems to think that anything that he shows on his show is the greatest thing ever. He is paid to advertise to you.
Can they look into Dr. Phil next?
Surprising no one.
At my house we call him the sesame street doctor
Worst thing is when they run his show in hospitals, clinics, etc
But he's a wonderful wizard!
The reason guys like this are STARS in USA is the disbelief of the American people in modern science. USA is at the cutting edge of science but a huge majority just seems to be blind to this..  Not just blind but rather oppositional. Yearning to go back to a more purer past,  which on close examination never existed. Anti-vaccine parents are an example of this group. What Oz is doing is using his fame and expertise in one area  to make money and acquire more fame elsewhere. He isn't a quack, because a quack is naive to science rather he is a fraudster what has studied medicine and very well understands patients  behavior and beliefs. In the name of free speech you dear Americans are encouraging medical fraud and superstition. 
And BTW this guy went to medical school,  where one of the first things students learn is to look for and evaluate scientific evidence. 
TIL That Dr. Oz Show is not a medical show because if you look carefully "Dr." is smaller than "OZ". 
He was a surgeon. They basically learn how not to kill people. 
You mean, not supported by drug companies.
I believe that Doc McStuffins was found to be more scientifically accurate... By a fair amount
really ... just today you learned that?

In the music world, Kenny G is an incompetent joke. Ask a martial artist whom they respect, and (almost) none of them will say Bruce Lee. It seems to be the same in every field. Those in the public spotlight are not in the world they represent. 
Well research has shown that Raspberry ketones do work, but the clinical dosages that was used for research are way above what he advertises. Something like 90x the dosage Dr.Scam Oz recommends. So there's that.
OMG reality TV is fake!?
I might be being generous but I would assume that most people know the show is entertainment, not the bible of medical knowledge.
I'm not defending him, but I the amount of contradicting medical studies that come out on a regular basis makes scientific support seem like an iffy reference point anyway.


His intention of directing people's focus towards optimal health should be commended. Remember the medical community does not benefit from people staying out of the hospital.We promote pills in the face of science discoveries of the benefits of meditation and mindfulness techniques. Sure Dr. Oz may have had guests promote BS on the show, but it at the very least directed focus towards promotion of health. Everyone I know that watches the show has implemented his advice on coconut oil over lard, and has switched to a healthier way of being. Even if the show helps 1 person it has done a great job.
I don't care what the survey says, my shits have never been better since using doc Oz's tips and tricks. Dude is a life saver. 
But, in the interest of fairness, every single recalled drug was, at one time "medically supported".
TIL?  OP needs to read the friggin' news once in awhile.
I don't trust modern medicine. They are just trying to make a buck.
The reason guys like this are STARS in USA is the disbelief of the American people in modern science. USA is at the cutting edge of science but a huge majority just seems to be blind to this..  Not just blind but rather oppositional. Yearning to go back to a more purer past,  which on close examination never existed. Anti-vaccine parents are an example of this group. What Oz is doing is using his fame and expertise in one area  to make money and acquire more fame elsewhere. He isn't a quack, because a quack is naive to science rather he is a fraudster what has studied medicine and very well understands patients  behavior and beliefs. In the name of free speech you dear Americans are encouraging medical fraud and superstition. 
And BTW this guy went to medical school,  where one of the first things students learn is to look for and evaluate scientific evidence. 
Those are doctors angry and bitter they don't have a show of their own. They should be giving Dr. Oz credit for generating interest among the people/masses when it comes to science. He's given them digestible science, whereas his critics give the masses indigestible science through scientific journals-lol, and even then you have to pay for them (like anyone outside of educational institutions would ever). And the part about how "54% of recommendations are not medically supported," can you blame him? Science is slow when it comes to producing new findings, so it takes forever to learn anything about health and scientific subjects matters that are interesting to the audience/masses. Also, regarding that 54% figure, he has segments on his show where people recommend home remedies and remedies they tried on their own that they then share with the audience, so that could be figuring into their bogus statistics.
The dribble Dr. Oz says on his show is probably just as effective as anything a doctor throws your way in the 10 minute appointment you get with them.  
Big deal. 54% of what the medical community recommends will kill you anyway. More people are killed every year by medical mistakes than all traffic accidents, violent crime, terrorism and accidents in the home combined.

So FUCK the medical community.
I'm sorry, but a congressional hearing, Really! For a TV personality? He may be a doctor, but now he is a TV personality.
I remember congressional hearings from when I grew up in the 80's, yes, I'm old. Oil execs, business CEO's, now congress is wasting time with TV personalities.
Please don't tell me about how they are protecting the public, I guarantee more people have died from the crap that has a government stamp than what this douche is trolling!
art imitating life imitating art. 
Don't you wanna little taste of the glory?! See what it taste like?!
"Sometimes, when you are a man, you wear the stretchy pants...it's just for fun..."
One of my favorite movies and totally underrated.
They scalped my hairs OK!! I look hideous... And you gave them permission to hurt me like this. 
NACHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Save me a piece of that corn! Save me a piece of that corn for laterrrr!
It's luchadores all the way down
-sniffle- This just reminds me of how El Generico went back to Tijuana to take care of the little orphans after leaving Ring of Honor. He was truly the grandest of generic luchadores. 
TIL King is inspired by Tiger Mask, a fictional wrestler earning money for an orphanage, and his backstory is a mirror of Tiger Mask's.
Man Mexico used to make a bunch of movies with luchadors. A luchador fighting Dracula or Frankenstein. 
But what was the inspiration for that movie?
One of the most quotable movies ever. 
Which it turns out that the movie was written based on a dream the creator had, in which he watched a movie about a loud over weight Mexican priest who turned to wrestling to raise money for an orphanage.

[Source](https://www.google.com/#q=not+a+real+source)
WHEN THE FANTASY HAS ENDED
ANACONDA squeeeeeeze
Luchaception
"We lose because you are fat!"
Whenever Nacho Libre is brought up I just gotta listen to [This Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52kxR94b9_0)
This is one of the most underrated movies ever made IMO. "I believe in scienceeeeee"
"The cirrrrccllleeeee of lifeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
I, hate, all the orphans, in the whole world! 
We must go deeper.
Nacho inception 
Thats awesome, it is such a great movie. I am a man of science!
Sometimes, when you are a man, you wear the stretchy pants...it's just for fun

Very meta
I believe in science!
Thank you. I mean... they might have the appearance of riches, but beneath the clothes, we find a man... and beneath the man we find... his... nucleus.
nachooooooooo^ooooo^oooo^oooo...
I haaaattte orphans!
Ahh, the old [lucharoo](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sa6ub/til_the_inspiration_for_nacho_libre_was_fray/)
Take it easy! 
Another weird multiple-inspiration example:

Beethoven writes a piece for violin and piano (1803) and dedicates it to a guy named "Kreutzer," so it becomes known as the "Kreutzer" Sonata;

Leo Tolstoy writes a novella called the "Kreutzer Sonata" (1889) about infidelity; in the novella, the cheating man and woman play the Beethoven "Kreutzer" Sonata together.

Leos Janacek writes a string quartet about the psychological drama of the novella, and calls it _String Quartet no. 1, "Kreutzer Sonata"_ (1923).
Its a shame Jack Black's movie won't inspire anyone to continue the legacy.
"I ate some bugs, I ate some grass.  I used my hand to wipe my tears."
Which in turn inspired *Here Comes the Boom.*  
  
(Unfortunately.)


Artception
Nacho-ception... Now I'm hungry.
That's so teMa
So... Wrestler priest inception?  
This just made the movie a documentary , and I like to think that the Padre endes up with a hot nun too.
The Coen brothers should make a movie about that. Reminiscent of Barton Fink.
One of my favorite movies. Perfect to watch when you're feeling down.
Time for Jack Black to enter the clergy. Good thing he fended off the Devil with The Best Song in the World. 
Nacho-ception
yo dawg
would like to watch the 1963 film
A dude, playing a dude, pretending to be another dude.

Wait... that's not right.
I am not leaving you chancho, i just need to borrow some sweatzzz
Priestwresltception
classic vindaloop
Does Nacho mean cheese?

Free nacho? Free cheese?
The end of the story is a sad one. Jack black. 
I watched a few of those old lucha  movies in a Latino studies class I took for an elective. It was awesome e, this famous luchadorre in mask and all realizes that this do tor is turning people into zombies I think? Anyway he stops him with wrestling moves and it's awesome. Via con dios.
WE HAVE TO GO DEEPER
Thought it was a spoof film of Kings life.
So meta
"I like your cow."
I love that Troy Gentile, who plays young Nacho, has gone on to an amazing rap career as Big Tasty.
A dude, playing a dude, pretending to be another dude.

Wait... that's not right.
Nacho Libreception
Maybe it WAS nacho Libre that inspired him, "bootstrap paradox" https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Causal_loop
Meta as fuck

meta AF!
Incept-libre
InPriestcion
Here's the relevant paragraph. 


&gt;Even the story of Fray Tormenta the wrestling priest--a story that itself inspired the Jack Black movie Nacho Libre and before that a lesser known French film starring Jean Reno called The Man in the Golden Mask--is borrowed. It is borrowed, as it turns out, from another movie: a low-budget Mexican film from 1963 called El Señor Tormenta about, as you might imagine, a priest who begins a secret lucha libre career in order to raise money for starving orphans in his care.


Pretty sure he was also tje inspiration for King from Tekken.
Whoa. Totally meta, bro. 
Watched this movie again recently. There aren't enough movies like this I guess because most of us aren't French enough. 
I thought it was a modern telling of the 1963 film.

I was kind of right. 
yo dawg
Also the inspiration for [King](http://tekken.wikia.com/wiki/King)
To bad he didn't think of forest gump
Wrestle for the kids not with them
Whenever I tell people that I have a Nacho Libre tattoo on my butt they think I am lieing
Duuuuuude 
does this qualify as a confirmation that HL3 is coming?
A dream within a dream...
Circle of life.
Its turtles all the way down
Get that corn outta my face!!
Wait, Nacho Libre was based on a true story? Well now I have to see that. 
Movieception.
the question that has to be asked is ... WHEN WILL WE GET NACHO LIBRE 2 
I think I'm ready to prooo.
"I made breakfast especially delicious today Pablo."


*spits out food



Nacho Libreception!
Worth mentioning, this is the inspiration for the original King character in Tekken.
Nachonaption?
Yo dawg

Inspirationception
So full circle of life.
Nacho libre got meta!
Yo dawg
Libreception
It's just Mexican priests who took up professional wrestling, all the way down. 
Hey, that's a good idea...
I watched this movie with an actual priest and an actual nun and it was probably in the top five of most awkward moments of my life.
Yo dawg I heard you like priests who turn to wrestling to raise money for orphanages...
Very meta
Are we sure Christopher Nolan didn't write this post????
[Yes, but what inspired the *first* film?](http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--ymAgEUoD--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/19gtqsv3yynurjpg.jpg)
This film has one of the best soundtracks ever.
Sounds like King from Tekken. He's a wrestler that gives his prize money to his orphanage. Yeah all of Tekken's a little stupid.
So it was yet another remake of a movie.
If you look into many films you will find most are just remakes of earlier works. Last I knew of there were 26 genres that covered almost all films.
He baptized me hahah so cool to see this on the front page 
There are just ninos trying to release their wiggles 
Nachoception.
This is where they got the idea of inception from
The dude who's playing a dude playing disguised as another dude?
Maaaan, I'm all kinds of wut. Never saw the movie and all of the inside jokes here have me scratchin' my head....
I was nacho for Halloween this year, it was so fun running around quoting this movie!
So this movie is literally about a dude playing a dude while dressed as another dude who was playing a dude based on a dude he saw playing a dude playing a dude while dressed as another dude.

And now the word dude seems fake...
Did Fray also have to borrow some sweats from Chancho, or was that creative liberty?
It's the best... I love it! 
my favorite wrestler was Nacho Taco del Tortilla moy Picante
Meta Libre.
So, a movie that inspired someone to follow it's idea had another person make a movie based on the guy who followed the original movie. Sounds about as complicated as Inception to me.
Get that corn out my face!
Nacho-ception.

It's hip.  It's Crisp.  It's a chip. :\
Which it turns out that the movie was written based on a one-joke concept that runs out of wrestling little kids at the orphanage.
Kinda gay if you ask me...
whose idea were the stretchy pants?
Also inspiration for Puscifer's Money Shot Tour?


I don't h-wan to get paid to h-lose. I h-want to h-win!!
wow what a helpful priest. it must be tough to be a small kid with no parents. good thing this priest was smart to raise money for them. money can buy you a lot of kid supplies like medicine and also food and blankets.
There's also a shout-out to him in the movie "Book of Life"

Which everyone should see, if only for the visual design.
GET THAT CORN OUT OF MY FACE

Which was in itself inspired by an orphanage that wrestled to raise money for a priest.
There are entire albums David Bowie says he doesn't even remember recording he was so high on cocaine. 
http://ultimateclassicrock.com/david-bowie-cocaine/
There's a totally unrelated song, "ice ice baby," which was written by Vanilla Ice during a 24 second nitrous oxide binge. 
With wine and cocaine in the mix, I have a hard time calling 24 hours a "marathon" session.  Hell, they probably called it a "good start".
A likely story.  I think we all know he actually time traveled to 1990, grabbed a copy of Ice Ice Baby, and then re-wrote it as Under Pressure.
"One day in 1981 Bowie reunited with Queen in a recording studio in Switzerland, with the intention of doing vocals for the song “Cool Cat” . David got bored and suggested writing a new song from scratch. According to Mark Blake, author of a biography of Freddie Mercury, they began a 24 hours marathon of wine and cocaine and ended up with this musical gem."
That explains the scatting. 
Mercury: "we are not leaving this studio until all this wine is gone!"
Bowie: "no one is leaving this studio until all this cocaine is gone!"
May: "you two are putting us all under a lot of pressure."
Knowing those two there may have been more than that going on...

I heard a couple of the guys that were in the studio screamed to be let out.
Related fun fact: David Bowie gave all the royalties of the song to Queen to screw over his manager who was financially screwing Bowie over. 
The original lyrics were "our blood pressure"
What kind of cheeses were served at this wine and cocaine tasting party?
That's called a bender, not a marathon.
Australian reds and colombian whites.
I've been a long term Queen fan, but only recently got into Bowie. My Bowie-intel isn't perfect yet, but something doesn't add up. From various sources I understand that he (Bowie) stopped his cocaine behaviour after ... well, it ruined his entire life for a few years. This was in the late 70s. Under Pressure was written in 1981. So either Bowie was still an occasional user, which seems a little strange to me since his coke-problem was *fuuuuckingggg huge* and someone with that big of a problem probably want to avoid relapses at any cost, or OP's source is bullshitting. It wouldn't be the first rumour that turns out to be false.
Was there any doubt that it *didn't* happen that way?
So you're saying the red pairs nicely with the white?
Mixing alcohol and cocaine produces a unique metabolite known as cocaethylene. The combination is also widely known to produce a good time!
"it's the terror of knowing what this world's all about" wow
Or a decade long cocaine and wine marathon called "the '80's."
Wine and cocaine...what a perfectly stereotypical encapsulation of being an upper class white person at a party in the late 70s and 80s.  
Going 24 hours on cocaine and booze is not a marathon. Just standard operating procedure 
One night my wife and I got into a disagreement over whether "Under Pressure" was a David Bowie song or a Queen Song. 
I want to be rich enough to know which wines pair well with cocaine.
I can totally picture them sitting together, one of them starts snapping their fingers and goes "Dun dun dun dun dun dun...".  Then after a round or two of this, they make it a little more diverse by going "Dun dun dun dududun Dun". 

Then David Bowie just screams out "PRESSURE!!".

And the rest is history.
&gt;Back in the day when auto-tune wasn’t needed. You’d never hear this from most ‘singers’ these days.

Ugh, shut the fuck up. 
Drug induced awesome music was their thing.
Uggh, imagine that hangover. 
For David Bowie in the mid-1970s, this seems pretty tame. He doesn't even remember recording *Station to Station*.
Apparently Mercury was known for throwing decadent parties that featured, among other things, midgets walking around with platters of cocaine on their heads.
The thing about cocaine is that pretty much anytime you do it you're signing up for ~16hours of uptime. A 24 cocaine trip isn't a cocaine marathon, it's a cocaine 5k. A cocaine marathon is like 72 hours. 
24 hours on Coke is far from a marathon.
[deleted]
If you don't think drugs have done some good things, go home tonight and take all your albums and all your tapes and all your cds and burn them, because all those musicians who made all that great music that's enhanced your life... reeaaallll fucking high on drugs.

Edit. Bill hicks said this. I thought it was well known not trying to take credit for myself.
In other words, "a normal day in the 80s"
Damn, that acappella sounded great. 

I miss Freddie. 
didn't mercury also write *bicycle* after someone bet him that he couldn't write a rock song about bicycles?
What a piece of shit site
Cocaine is a hell of drug.
They sound amazing a cappella!
Man, wouldn't you love to have been a fly on the wall for that? 
Truly prophets of their time.
Now this is the kind of marathon I can get behind.
Not to mention all the sex.
Also, no sex was involved. 
Hmm every cocaine marathon I ever started only ended in a heart attack. Maybe I wasn't trying hard enough...
Explains the "kick my brains round the floor" line.
ugh. I need to do more drugs and stop thinking so much about "employment" and "futures."
I wonder how "Ice Ice Baby" was made.
as is tradition
You call that a marathon, I call it "Friday".
Is there any more on this? That article was the biggest letdown/waste of server space.
I assumed all Queen and David Bowie songs were written during cocaine and wine binges.
That's probably how the majority of songs throughout the 80s were written.
A 24 hour bender of cocaine and wine created one of the greatest songs ever (in my opinion at least). So what is the excuse for this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9G4jnaznUoQ
TIL there are marathons that don't involve wine and cocaine. 
Is this a surprise to anyone?
I assumed that's how David Bowie and Queen wrote ALL their music.
Does anyone have a good Vanilla Ice zinger? My brain is too fried to come up with one. Just know I had the intent.
I just never get tired of listening to that.  Such pure talent.
If I had to guess which Queen song was written during a 24 hour cocaine and wine binge it would have been "Don't Stop Me Now".
David Bowie is and always will be my favorite recording artist/artist of all time.
More than just wine and coke. Nudge nudge wink wink.
So.. did anyone actually listen to the acapella version that was linked or are we just making half-assed jokes relating to the title? 

because hearing the vocals isolated is insane. Under Pressure is passed off as a novelty more often than not these days, but hearing this version sincerely gave me goosebumps. 
Damn, extra life used to be hardcore.
I've done a 24 hour wine and cocaine binge, I guess im just not as talented.
Ha! I knew it. I've got the acapella and you can hear the cocaine. 
Til: coke and wine = success!
They were right about rock and roll promoting drug use. I totally want to try cocaine in now.
Pretty sure this is how all music was made in the 70s-80s. 
Interesting facts: this is how like 80% of songs are written.
I think that for musicians only (which means someone who has actually produced music for a viable audience), drugs should be legalized.
Ugh.


It's dismaying how people seem to be utterly incapable of creativity or originality without the aid of drugs.
Holy shit, I wish I could have watched that
Di Day Dah
That explains the bass line.
Okay, so when did ZZtop sing it?
I read Keith Richards book Life, and that's the warm up for him. Especially while recording Exile on Main Street in France. 

I'm the kind of person that would die the first time I ever tried coke.  I don't know how all these artists lived how they did and survived.
No shrimp?
This feels kind of obvious. ;-P
I read that there was trouble for the record company trying to figure out who wrote it. All five musicians involved kept saying that "this person" or "that person" wrote it. The only consensus was that John Deacon wrote the bass line (or Vanilla Ice wrote it??  lol).
Thank God for wine and cocaine.

Edit:  and marathons. 
I heard that Queen had the dog ready to go and Bowie just walked in and recorded his vocals.  I guess this story is better.
The first time I heard this version I got chills. It's a legendary song with an amazing beat. 
Ahh yes, I used to have those back in college, except we called them Wine and Cheese Parties and instead of cheese we did exuberant amounts of cocaine
So, the pressure was actually in their veins?
Imagining David Bowie and Freddie Mercury running a marathon while drinking wine out of the little cups they had out on runs. Lovely.
And it sounds like it, too.
Well, you know what they say... when the wine is fine, and the coke is good... your imagination gets like... imaginative.
I could go for one of those
The wine seems kind of secondary.
So the chump's acting ill 'cause he's so full of eight ball?
This explains the "DE DE DO DA DE'S"
[deleted]
I would think more of a TIL would be that any of their songs in that era were NOT the result of such a marathon. 
A lot of songs are written with this exact technique or very similar techniques. 
I am not an expert on these two bands by any means, but I would think the same could be said for a good majority of their songs.
So... at some point from 1978-1988 then?
Completely honest, I thought David Bowie and Queen were the same person this whole time.
David Bowie does drugs?
During that 24 hour timespan, would you say there were *under pressure* to write a new song?  ^^I'll ^^^^see ^^^^^^myself ^^^^^^^^out
Another interesting fact: halfway through recording the song, John Deacon (Queen's bassist) forgot the iconic bassline, and had to be reminded by Brian May.
David Bowie sama-sensei-senpai-sensei-sama-kun
that makes a lot of sense.  
I question this "fact." Bowie apparently quit cocaine as far back as 1977 before the recording of Low. Station to Station was his last coke album.
Cocaine is a hell'uva drug!
Sounds about right.
This has been one of my favorite things on the Internet since the first time I heard it. 
I don't think music will ever be this good again. 
see mom?! cocaine benders can be good! right mom?? mom..?
I can't upvote this enough!
No surprises here
all the feelz i haz dem.....da tears too. wow. and the freakin' chills.
Great song.
"Bebabobabop...  baabop" - Freddie Mercury
pretty sure there was some sex included in that as well
I would have guessed "Don't Stop Me Now."
Forever one of my favourites.
It was written by Logic!



/s
I want to have a 24-hour coke &amp; wine marathon
Doesn't play for me.
Was the Wine &amp; Cocaine Marathon on the History channel last weekend?  Guess I missed it.
remember when they say 24 hours they mean 24h + decades of professional career and year spent composing stuff.
Finally, a marathon I can complete.
One hell of a drug
That looks like one shitty magazine.
[Reminds me of this from It's Always Sunny](https://youtu.be/TzaVd6zl2bA)
Glorious.
What a great bonding experience that must of been.
I love it: rail a line, write a rhyme, sip some wine. :)
What a strange title.  It just reads 'TIL "Under Pressure" was written by David Bowie and Queen'.

That's just like...duh.
They must have been under a lot of pressure.
I have a long running argument with my wife about this song. Is this a Queen song with Bowie as a guest, or a Bowie song with Queen backing him up? It does not really matter who's album it is on, that is beside the point. Is it a Bowie song, or a Queen song? 
 
Wait... Is there a different type of marathon? 
And "Ice Ice Baby" was written by a 16 years old Vanilla Ice alone in his bedroom sampling "Under Pressure" that was written by David Bowie and Queen during a 24-hour wine and cocaine marathon.
they probably did it
Roger Taylor's in there too
Lets start an interesting side conversation. What other famous or popular songs were created and written solely off of the fact that drugs were the major contributing factor.

I know of the Eminem song where apparently he was up for like two days doing a ton of pain killers and other drugs and woke up after finally blacking out and played what he recorded after the binge. the song was one of his popular ones with Dre, i forget which tho.
Queen - Under Pressure-1981 (Official Video) HQ

https://youtu.be/Uuzmub5PXNQ
This was the first song that came on in my car after reading about this at work today. 
I am fine with this yes.
and people still think he died to aids
That's fucking awesome
"thats a bowie-queen song, you didnt write that"

"Damn, didnt think you knew..."

"Marcus, im white."

"stay black ya'll"

fav part in the whole movie "Worlds Greatest Dad" lol
Oh, this page needs javascript to use the Read More button. I'll allow it.
Oh, now it's requesting me to like them on Facebook. Fuck off.
"Bowie, who had once been described by a British newspaper as “old vacuum-cleaner nose,”

lol
24 hours? Is that long? I should probably go to work tomorrow...
I would pretty much sell my soul to have a wine and cocaine marathon with these amazing acts.
holy crap is that roger taylor on vocals at the end?  Never noticed until this version
I swear to god I was doing homework and listen to the song before I read this article
Of course it was 
in the 80s everyone was on a cocaine marathon ,myself included..
In the 80s we were all stoned but had the best music !
One time on a 24 hour wine and cocaine binge I listened to Under Pressure a few times.
Here's a neat video of the great Chilly Gonzales deconstructing Under Pressure: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBD-wZbvuqU
Don't care how it was created, one of the great songs
24 hours aint a long time for coke
I hear Logic did the same
The song came out in 1982, Bowie isn't from the 20s, I'm sure he knew what a cassette tape was. He might have struggled to identify one when not coked up, but I don't think that was an issue here. And with Bowie and what I'm picturing as the entirety of Queen in a room, I suspect that you'd have a hard time finding something that wasn't covered in cocaine.
You're onto something with the time travel though, lets just cut out the completely implausible parts.
That kind of intoxication is when I enjoy this song the most
I've only heard vanilla ice version of the song. 
i try to make a remix for the deephouse fans. https://soundcloud.com/dikzakje/queen-under-pressure-dikzak-edit
I'm no scientist but I believe alcohol (a depressant) would negate the effects brought on by cocaine (an amphetamine/upper). What is the point? 
Cocaine and (ewwww) ?


Was expecting coke and whiskey...
...as most great things are.
... or as they called it, Tuesday.
I'd love to get some of whatever they were on when they wrote Bohemian Rhapsody.
&gt; wine and cocaine

It's called "vin mariani". Look it up.

Seriously, look it up. It's hella fun.
Probably to describe the condition of their hearts, due to said binge.
That makes total sense.
wait, icecube DIDN'T write under pressure? :O

"Cocaine and Wine" sounds like a really lame LP
Actual talent. Nice.
yea, rock history is very reliable and 100% verified and absolutely not subject to exageration
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3sfnei?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Vanilla Ice Owns David Bowie's "Under Pressure" // SiriusXM // Opie &amp; Anthony](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ju8Np2nxVzU&amp;t=90s)|[152](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx1g6l?context=10#cwx1g6l) - Link on behalf of  
[Queen - Feel Like](https://youtube.com/watch?v=qfO-Nl_Ub3w)|[69](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwwvaq2?context=10#cwwvaq2) - Feel Like was what Under Pressure sprung from, pre Bowie, pre bassline.  
(1) [The Beach Boys - Good Vibrations - Rare Studio Recording Film Footage](https://youtube.com/watch?v=d8rd53WuojE) (2) [Amy Winehouse - UNBELIEVABLE ( Drugged &amp; drunk )](https://youtube.com/watch?v=xh_P7_Rkn64&amp;t=22s)|[27](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx1zli?context=10#cwx1zli) - This is a load of shit. Most of the music you&amp;#39;re thinking of was written and performed in either a sober state or a relatively sober state. (Notice I said &amp;quot;most&amp;quot; and not &amp;quot;all, as there are exceptions.)  The view tha...
[Vanilla Ice denies ripping off Queen and David Bowie's Under Pressure](https://youtube.com/watch?v=a-1_9-z9rbY)|[17](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx2okn?context=10#cwx2okn) - Actually he says 
[Lemieux on You - Jedward](https://youtube.com/watch?v=g_SmKw98zi4&amp;t=7s)|[17](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx41cf?context=10#cwx41cf) - Jedward is two twins from Ireland who have spiky hair and if you ever draw a sitck man, you can draw a stick man, you can put a little hair on it, it&amp;#39;s Jedward. 
[The Sopranos Vito in gay club HD](https://youtube.com/watch?v=uPJDwWrWjFA&amp;t=80s)|[7](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx2ac8?context=10#cwx2ac8) - It&amp;#39;s just a joke! 
[Vanilla Ice defends plagarism](https://youtube.com/watch?v=HW_Rduet230)|[6](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx2wbq?context=10#cwx2wbq) - That little bitty ting. It&amp;#39;s not the same. 
[Ween - Bananas &amp; Blow](https://youtube.com/watch?v=6Gd87JmkAkE)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx4g2o?context=10#cwx4g2o) - Bananas and blow 
[Dayman](https://youtube.com/watch?v=TzaVd6zl2bA)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx4vx7?context=10#cwx4vx7) - Reminds me of this from It&amp;#39;s Always Sunny 
[David Bowie &amp; Mick Jagger - Dancing In The Street](https://youtube.com/watch?v=9G4jnaznUoQ)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx6ikd?context=10#cwx6ikd) - A 24 hour bender of cocaine and wine created one of the greatest songs ever (in my opinion at least). So what is the excuse for this:   
[Another Period - Too Much Cocaine Wine](https://youtube.com/watch?v=vB2YUUK4SmU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfnei/_/cwx2y8f?context=10#cwx2y8f) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
This post is a lie


It implies these are the recordings from the creative sessions that produced the song. 


In fact, these are the isolated vocals from the tracks that actually made it onto the album. Recorded in the studio. 
sounds intense
The weird thing about Bowie is that I don't consider him to be like any other musician or music artist . I am a big fan of people like Serge Gainsbourg ,Leonard Cohen ,Jacque Brel after being brought up on The Beatles ,Led Zeppelin,Pink Floyd,The Who ,Deep Purple,Yes ,Mike Oldfield,(early)Genesis,Iron Maiden as a kid . I feel he elevated past being a rock star decades ago .
I keep hearing a sniffing sound in the background and i assume its them snorting coke.
Marothon, right. I want to start using that instead of bender. I just finished a JLaw marothon.
I read an article recently where Brian May said Bowie eavesdropped Freddie's parts so he could appear genius when he added to them later. 

Edit: messed up May's name 
definitely one of wes borland's best basslijnes
I bet not ever get rich. I could be the next Picasso under the influence. Haha 

Drugs are bad, mmk
probably lots of gay sex as well
The wine would have given me heartburn.
Wondered why I inherently loved the song..
 
wow incredible! How did we fall so far when it comes to music?
Citation? 
Ice Ice Baby took vanilla ice even less time.
So weird. I was just listening to that this afternoon.
Bowie is a fairly small human so it shouldn't take much to keep him humming right along.....
I can't seem to get past Facefuck log in to read the damn article.

 Is it because I have a F- account? what am I missing? 
 "Must Log In" ...

Uggghh.
Now, all y'all be mean; I do not care, because I I'd really appreciate$ your answers.





From what I understand pretty much everything David Bowie wrote in the late 70s was written that way. 
wine and cocaine and writing music sounds very nice
And very sensible it is too. Saying to a recent widow:

"I'm sorry for your loss"

doesn't mean I killed her husband! 
I've been dying to know: Do American buses say "Sorry not in service" or just "Not in service"?
"What are you sorry for? You didn't do it!"

*I KNOW AAAAAARGH I'M JUST SHOWING CONDOLENCES*

- My life in a nutshell 
And the Judge saying "Pardon?" Isn't an exonoration.
Southern Ontarian here. This law is absolutely necessary. I say I'm sorry anywhere from 10 to 50 times a day.
Similarly, in the majority (all?) of the United States, fixing something after an accident is also not evidence of negligence. For example, say the driveway in front of your house has a raised section or pothole, and a neighbor trips and injures herself.  It would not be evidence that you were negligent in allowing the pothole to exist simply because you fixed the spot after the accident. The rationale for this is that the law doesn't want to discourage people from making improvements that could increase safety in the future. 
I'm a Canadian who grew up in Ontario, and has lived in Alberta and BC. "Sorry" is never an admission of guilt. 

I can't even wrap my head around how it could be. I've always known it to mean "I feel bad about what has happened".  It's can accompany a situation in which you are guilty, and it is more appropriate to use it in that situation but that is not its definition.
I think that law is actually Canada wide
I'm so Canadian,  someone could bump into, spill my Tim Hortons all over my shirt, and I'D be the one saying sorry
I used to work for Enterprise Rent-A-Car and we were trained to say "I apologize" in response to complaints, as it is basically giving someone the apology they want to hear, but not accepting blame for it. 
Other jurisdictions have this too. eg: [NSW, Australia](http://www5.austlii.edu.au/au/legis/nsw/consol_act/cla2002161/s69.html)  
  
The idea is that research^[citation ^needed] suggests many civil liability lawsuits could have been avoided if the defendant had simply said sorry to the plaintiff at the time of the incident.

Saying you are sorry is absolutely not an admission of guilt. You could be saying you are sorry the situation exists or sorry the person is upset. One time I really did have to apologize to somebody for something I said but dammit I wasn't going to give them the satisfaction so I came up with this:

"I regret that the door to miscommunication may have been unintentionally opened."

Oh, Canada...


This is similar to the laws regarding the "Canadian waltz", where someone walking the opposite direction as you shuffles to the side to let you pass, but you shuffle to the exact same side to let them pass, and then both of you quickly shuffle back to the other side again, and then say sorry while smiling to each other before stepping on of the way to the same side again. 

(Warning, the Canadian Waltz can sometimes create an unending loop running, and each year, over 200 Canadians die to this tragic epidemic.)
BC Apology Act, 2006 - http://www.bclaws.ca/Recon/document/ID/freeside/00_06019_01

Ontario Apology Act, 2009 - http://www.ontario.ca/laws/statute/09a03
As an Ontarian, I appreciate this law. If there's even a possibility I've made contact with someone on a subway or in a busy hallway, we say sorry. It's a social lubricant, not an invitation to the litigious.
As a Canadian I never even imagined that Sorry was an admission of guilt.  I just call it "not being a dick"
Same as the United States. 
Which is fucking right. I said sorry in an accident and while I was not ruled as fault, it was used as evidence. And that makes me so goddamn mad. My words were "I'm so sorry dude are you okay!?" I'm sorry we tried to occupy the same space at the same time, it doesn't matter who's fault I'm still sorry it causes us trouble 

You can be sorry for shit that you didn't do. Sorry to me is instinct. I say it when I cross paths with another person walking. I say it when I didn't hear what you say. It's basically the same thing in my speech as "yeah" and "okay". "Sorry" is basically reflex
Sorry aboat that.
Yes. "I am sorry you are such a twat and you are talking to me" is definitely not an apology. 

I have said sorry to people here(Brit living in California) and I don't think they quite understood my meaning. 

Typical conversation:

Them: "......"

Me: "I'm sorry."

Them: "It's not your fault."

Me: "I know."

ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY!?
Rationale:

You get in a car accident, you tell the other driver "sorry, my bad". Now, you have insurance which is going to foot the bill for the damages ... but your insurer didn't get any say in you apologizing and potentially accepting liability. What if you are, in fact, *not* responsible? A simple road-side apology shouldn't derail their chance to avoid liability.

Interestingly, in defamation an apology definitely *is* evidence. If you libel or slander someone, but later apologize, you can use that at trial to help minimize your damages.
I, too, read [Advice Animals](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/3u7srv/i_just_moved_up_north_after_living_my_entire_life/cxcm995?context=2) earlier today...
I grew up in a very non-litigious culture, seeing this kind of law first sounded weird to me (since it's rare that doctors be sued for letting patients die where I came from, eventhough most doctors are very incompetent). After living in Canada for a while and getting used to how thick layer of law protection here, I understand though.
If it were, a lot of Canadians would be guilty a lot of the time.
Made me think of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTsDqIcpHUc) immediately.
Very sensible, especially considering that in Standard Canadian English "sorry" is a grammatically required word in each sentence.
This isn't a joke. I'm starting to think I have a real problem with saying sorry the other day someone called my work and I said hey X location how can I help ya? "Oh I meant to call Y location sorry!" "Oh haha sorry have a good one"

Stood there for a few seconds wondering why I apologized
I live in Ontario, sorry is a very frequently used word here. "Oh I'm so sorry but you seem to be parked in my parking space!"
"I'm really sorry but we saw you shoplifting and we can't let you leave, the police are on their way." 
If someone walks right into me I often automatically say sorry before I've even assessed the situation and decided who was at fault. There have been times I've regretted saying sorry because the other person was so rude. 
This is the way the conversation usually goes. 
*person crashes into me*
Me: oh sorry!
Person: no no, I wasn't paying attention! Sorry about that! 
Me: Bye!
Sometimes the person just walks away after I apologize though and I call myself an idiot for apologizing. It's like the apology is an offering that the person in the wrong is supposed to give back to you. If they don't they look like an asshole and you have inadvertently taken responsibility for the whole thing. It's not a perfect system. 

Sorry for rambling, sometimes I find it really interesting to examine the strange habits of some cultures. 
This is interesting.. I once worked in retail and this little kid was playing with the mannequin and actually knocked it over and it fell on him.. obviously he was injured and my first reaction was to run over and make sure he was okay. My boss stopped me and said "whatever you do, do not say sorry because that puts us at fault!" I was like...say whattt
Here in Ontario, we all say "sorry" to anyone who happens to be in our vicinity every few minutes. It's a cultural thing. No guilt involved at all.
This is great and humourous until you realize laws don't just come up on a whim, this means that at least *once* some asshole went "You said sorry! You owe me!" and tried to win money with it.
Better be, I apologize for shit I didn't do all the time.
Ah the apology act. I actually used it in the context of a car accident once. The other counsel laughed and didn't believe it existed. 
Sorry not sorry, butt reallyyyyy
[Of course Canada would need that law](http://imgur.com/1PSx5Na)
Boyfriend is from Ontario. I'm from Illinois. I've noticed Canadians say "sorry" where we say "excuse me" to get out of the way or when we are in someone's personal space. So it does end up sounding like a lot of apologizing. And I love they way they say "sor-ree"... adorable. However, I wanted to rough up my boyfriend the first few times he visited the States. Stop apologizing to everyone! You ain't no bitch! 
Like a lot of people are saying, the word 'sorry' means a lot of things, especially in Canada, thus the jokes. But in truth, 'sorry' in Canada means, 'apology', 'sympathy', 'make way', 'excuse me', 'pardon me', and several others. 
That is *so* Canadian
Resident of Ontario, Canada here. Just wanted to put this out there in case it hasn't been said: sorry.
Can't confirm, sorry

Source, am Canadian.
I feel sorry that it seemed to make sense to explicitly make a law for this, and I am not even Canadian. - But is sure is a great country.
I'm sorry about everyone who has cancer. Honestly. 
I don't get this sort of thing because (unless you're a dick) the immediate reaction to something bad happening is "I'm sorry" with the implied "that this has happened".

 I had a car crash on Sunday and couldn't stop saying I'm so sorry and checking she was sure she wasn't hurt.

Thankfully nobody was hurt just the cars.
Seems sensible...you can be sorry something happened without it being your fault...
Saying you are sorry the situation exists or sorry the situation exists or sorry the situation exists or sorry the person is upset.
This is the same for Australia as well, at least in terms of medical practice.
Source: I'm a med student.
It's because most people here say sorry for shit they're not even at fault for.
A Canadian friend of mine wich is a nurse told me that they are actually trained to avoid saying "sorry". 
A good thing too. When I was abroad and being questioned, this exact thing came up. "Well, why would you say sorry if you were not guilty?" Me: "Sorry?" I quickly learned to replace it with excuse me, or I beg your pardon, from then on.
Am Ontarian, can confirm.

I saw a truck that slid in the snow and smashed into another vehicle at the corner of Tim Hortons and the LCBO. Both got out of their vehicles and promptly apologized. Was the most canadian thing I'd seen since.. well, stuff..... cause I mean this is canada, everything's a Canadian sight
Geez man, you just saw this on an /r/Askreddit thread. Fishing for karma much?
In California it's the same. 
That's a cool law, I wish it was like that everywhere. Imagine getting in a car accident in the USA. You aren't allowed to say "sorry", because the insurance company could prove that as admitting guilt. What a fucked up world we live in, where you have to watch some guy bleed out and die, and you can't even apologize. Thanks insurance companies.
As a Canadian this should be law across the land. We say sorry all the time, usually not as an admission of guilt.
Did you learn this from Askreddit, because I came across the same fact, coincidentally. 
It's the pledge of allegiance.
As an American, I remember my dad talking to me when I was learning to drive. There are several key points in what you need to do if you get into a car accident. Get the other person's driver license and insurance information, take pictures, and the most important thing is to never say you're sorry. Because in America, when an accident happens, the first person to say sorry is to blame.
From Ontario, can confirm. Say sorry all day and never feel guilty. 
"We're sahwrey Mr. Lahey!"
"Corey...Trevor...ya f'd up."
It's known as the "subsequent remedial acts" rule in the U.S. fed rules of evidence. So if you lean on a porch railing and it breaks, and you break your arm, you can't submit evidence that the landlord later installed a reinforced railing as proof that the initial railing was negligently installed/defective/whatever. The idea behind the rule is to remove any perverse incentive a defendant might have to NOT fix a problem (so that they don't look guilty) before it hurts others. 
"im sorry you feel that way" 




/r/titlegore
Pretty sure the UK too. In fact it's encouraged. 
It's a massive part of UK law too.. we were taught (by an NHS lawyer) when we were in University, that if someone is upset / aggrieved by a situation, saying 'I'm sorry' is NOT an admission of guilt / wrongdoing. 

Was a big learning curve to the 20 something me thinking that complaints would ruin entire medical departments 
The Apology Act exists in other provinces as well, including BC.
Illinois in medical malpractice actions, we had that provision. But it was part of a bigger tort reform which got overturned. Threw teh baby out with the bathwater.
I'm just going to start believing the TIL regulars that TIL's often come from comments.

Because I saw a comment on this 4-5 hours ago.
So sorry, not sorry.
Pretty sure the UK too. In fact it's encouraged. 
Wait... there are places where "I'm sorry" is an admission of guilt?

Huh. TIL.
I've learned to say sorry without making me sound apologetic.  "I'm sorry that happened to you." Or "I'm sorry that was your experience." I'm a nurse and this comes in handy so often. But I'm not Canadian. 
"Soree." :P
No it is not, because a singular thing can't be plural.
Just goes to show how much is canadians apologize for almost everything on a daily basis. Have to have laws in place to protect from admission of guilt in bad situations lmao 
Tell my ex wife's attorney the same
I'm sorry to hear that.
And Love is not admissible evidence!!!
sorry

Well yeah. You have to sooorry. Idiots.
It's an admission that you're Canadian. 
It's the same in most Canadian provinces. Ontario was the 4th to enact it.
What about 'really really sorry'?
Sorry if you find that strange

Sorry for being sorry

Sorry
The term "Stating Saying" is a law unto itself whereby either party may be exempt from saying "sorry", as an admission of guilt, but only if he or she decides to come to court.
Yeah, you can be sorry for their circumstances without being responsible for them.
That's good, because there would otherwise be a lot of Canadians who are guilty of something.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/notcirclejerk] [TIL that in Ontario, Canada there is a law stating saying "sorry" is not an admissions of guilt. : todayilearned](https://np.reddit.com/r/notcirclejerk/comments/3uajkl/til_that_in_ontario_canada_there_is_a_law_stating/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I  rashed into an old couple at 50 MPH because they ran a stop sign.  I was hurt, but not as bad as they seemed to be got out of my totalled car to ensure they were okay.  I thought about how bad I would feel if my grandparents died in a car accident as I was checking on them.  They were written a ticket, yet this guy told his insurance I admitted fault because I said I was sorry when I checked on them.  Well, I wasn't sorry after that (except that my Mustang was ruined).
When walking around Canada you say sorry whether you bump into someone or they bump into you. It's tradition.
YEAH AND ITS BEEN WORKING FOR THE PREMIER OF ON ONTARIO ALSO
We usually say sorry in relation to your short comings i.e you run into me I say sorry.
this is mostly to protect doctors and other professionals in court.
Today I actually said Sorry to a lady at Kal Tire because they were booked today for appointments and couldn't look at my car today.

Didn't even realize how dumb it was until i left the store
True. "sorry" will not hold up in a court of law unless it is promptly followed by the word "buddy", "friend", or "guy".
You saw this on /r/askreddit awhile ago and now you're milking the sweet sweet karma, filthy OP.
If you say 'sorry' and buy me a doughnut, that is admission of guilt.
You mean "sore-ee" right?

I'm a Canadian this should be law across the same fact, coincidentally.
"sorry not sorry!"
This is  because people say sorry all the time despite having nothing to be sorry for.

Just like when you don't hear what somebody says you may say "I'm sorry, could you repeat that ?"  Same idea.
People never seem to learn this from the 10million other times this was posted
Right, it's a greeting and a goodbye, like Aloha. 
Why are there so many meanings for "sorry"?  

"i apologize", "i sympathize with you", "excuse me", "pitiful state"
This is  because people say sorry all the time despite having nothing to be sorry for.

Just like when you don't hear what somebody says you may say "I'm sorry, could you repeat that ?"  Same idea.
This can actually be kind of a big issue in international relations too. For some cultures, apologizing is a personal admission of guilt, in others it's something you say to express sympathy and empathy. In some, apologies are not something highly valued or convincing, but instead punishment, reparations, and effort to change are seen as more important. 

For example, when a US submarine collided with a Japanese tourist boat in 2001, many Japanese were outraged when there was no immediate apology. But as the submarine was not at fault at all for the collision, as investigation showed, the submarine captain never felt the need to outright say "I'm sorry". Instead, the response was similar to "mistakes were made", "we have deep sympathy for the families affected", and "we are changing policy so something like this never happens again", which is perfectly acceptable to the American sensibility, but not to the Japanese.

In a few studies, American students are shown to be much less likely to apologize for situations they do not feel responsible for, whereas Japanese and Chinese counterparts were almost always inclined to apologize.
TIL everyone in Ontario Canada is guilty.
Back in 1998, I got into a car accident.  Another car hit my car in the rear on the freeway, (i.e., the same with highway in some other countries.)    I stepped out of the car and said "sorry" to the other driver.   Later, his auto insurance company told my auto insurance company that I had somehow admitted the accident was my fault because I had said that sorry.  So in America, you want to be careful when you use the word "sorry".
Ok. 
Canada "sorry" jokes aside, it should be the law everywhere. The laws should protect it's citizens, more importantly the laws should protect citizens with a fucking conscience.
I am from Canada and....

Where is it a law that saying sorry IS an admission of guilt? and why?
best law ever made, otherwise we'd all be guilty
I had a young guy elbow me in the stomach during a Toronto subway ride.  I immediately said "sorry" at the same time as him.  Then we both laughed at my silliness.  Force of habit.
I was crashed into recently. The guilty party used the defense in which I said "I am sorry", Right after the accident. Fucking str8 up BS they need to change the laws on that front here in the states@@@@!!!!!
That's because it's pronounced: SORE-ree

eh
In China saying "sorry" is actually an admission of guilt. Also if you help someone in China who got hurt, it's an admission of guilt, because why would you help them if you didn't feel guilty?
my mother would agree
oh wtf ive been living in ontario all my life i didnt know this
Home sweet home. 

I'm sorry
Sorry!
.Lawyer here.This statute is common in numerous common law jurisdictions. It allows a person to express  their feelings with-out concern to legal responsibility.

I'm sorry you're so ugly, but that doesn't put me on the hook for child support payments! 

Saying sorry is not an admission of guilt *even* if I did the beef steeple inside your mom's pork locker.
It's true. Our premier pissed away an estimated $1.1 billion on cancelling gas plants in a riding she needed votes from. Here she is [apologizing 11 times for it](http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/premier-kathleen-wynne-apologies-11-times-in-one-interview-for-585-million-gas-plant-cancellations), and then [here she is](http://www.thestar.com/news/queenspark/2014/04/04/kathleen_wynne_sues_tim_hudak_tory_mpp_over_gasplant_comments.html) trying to sue the opposition for pointing out that she's guilty of [hiding the evidence](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/ontario-liberals-paid-10-000-to-have-gas-plant-data-erased-opp-1.2877944) for the crime [she'll never be convicted of](http://www.torontosun.com/2015/03/10/wynne-opp-too-close-for-comfort), but has apologized for.
I'm sorry this isn't an admission of guilt.

Sorry.
Canadian here. To be clear: only Quebec, New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island and the Yukon have NOT enacted Apology legislation.

Source: http://montrealgazette.com/opinion/columnists/opinion-quebec-should-adopt-legislation-protecting-apologies
Sorry is not an apology. Sorry is the feeling of sorrow. 
In the US, an offer to pay medical or hospital expenses caused by an injury is not admissible to prove liability for the injury.
This is the most Canadian thing I have ever seen. And I was born there!
It is an admission of being Canadian. 
It's not an admission of guilt. We say sorry all the time.

Source: am from Ontario.
Wasn't this from a thread earlier?
Disagree with this.  Canadian are all guilty,  the lot of 'em.
Colin Powell did something similar during his tenure as Secretary of State in the Hainan Island Incident with China. (Early April 2001, a US surveillance aircraft and a Chinese fighter jet collided and a diplomatic incident ensued.)

China demanded an apology. Powell issued a statement of regret.

You could say "sorry" in both cases, but the assumption of responsibility is different in both.
Sorry.
I'm not your friend, guy!
A lot of states in the USA have similar laws:
http://jaoa.org/article.aspx?articleid=2094499

good, the us version is stupid
There is a law like this in Victoria, Australia too. It's in the Wrongs Act.
Canadians say "sorry" instead of saying "excuse me" like most Americans would. We usually only use "excuse me" if someone is in the way and we need you to take action before we can do something/go somewhere. Or when we fart. Maybe Americans are just gassy antelopes?
I'm not your buddy, guy!
Is it too late now to say sorry?
That's smart. In the U.S., saying sorry at a traffic accident is an admission of guilt usable in court.
Only if you pronounce it sore-E.
When I studied law in Canada the teacher actually told us to never say sorry in case that we get into an accident or something like that. It would make us guiltier.
This is actually pretty common in the first world... It isn't unique to Ontario.
I'm actually very interested to find out what is the background to the passing of this act. Why was this drafted and passed ?
That's actually good to know, all the time I say sorry and then immediately think to myself "why did I say sorry?"
Shouldn't it be this way in the States too?
Lawyerdouche here. What's wrong with this?  Read Federal Rule of Evidence 407.  Let's say you're, I don't know, Toyota Motor Corporation.  You invent a cutting edge new car that drives itself perfectly without flaw, but also goes beserk and murders *only* 13 year old girls of Korean descent, and only on the day of their birth.

Rule 407 says if Toyota goes and fixes that glitch in their car, that action to fix the car is not an admission of guilt.  I don't see how this is different. 

Or did we want to make a John Cena joke here or something?    
California has the same law. I think most US states do, actually...
This law also exists in British Columbia, [the BC Apology Act](http://www.bclaws.ca/Recon/document/ID/freeside/00_06019_01)
This becomes very important with medical errors/adverse events/deaths in hospital. Basically you can't use the fact that a healthcare worker apologized to you for something as evidence against them in a lawsuit.
Is it just me, or is Reddit repeatedly rehashing the same content to the top page? I swear I just saw this TIL a few months ago

/r/soundsaboutright
I apologize for everything, even if its not something that is my fault.  I wonder if I'm part Canadian?
Most definitely! Because people here say sorry all the time! The other day a girl who tripped on another guy's laptop adopter and ended up apologising to him. hahaha
Same law in America but hey, Internet jokes are cool. 
Toronto UFO tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-trsB09zE7M&amp;feature=youtu.be
You'd really have to stretch to imply this kind of law has anything to do with the stereotypical Canadian propensity to say sorry.  There are laws like this all over.  Apologizing in some situations can have a positive impact on victims of tragedies or accidents that no one is necessarily at fault for in a liability sense.
Maurice Levy still doesn't want his clients writing any damn letters saying they're sorry.
I live in British Columbia. We don't say sorry nearly as much as you fuckers think we do. 
Ah yes - finally a city where my awkward unneeded apologies can fit in
I'm sorry that you had to find out this way.    
[deleted]
Canada, saying sorry when they're not even guilty. 

Good ol' Canada
My father drives a boom truck for a lumber yard, some idiot fell off of it during a delivery and my dad who was no where near him said "sorry, are you ok" ... You see my dad is French Canadian , well the guy said yeah I'm ok no problem a few weeks later my dad was being sued by this prick.... Who fell off the truck because he was a moron..... I'm still a bit bitter about it...
Australian here, I thought that was standard. 
I like to think this is a very Canadian thing. I remember at some metal concert (in Alberta) my drunk friend was stumbling around the beer gardens intentionally walking into people and laughing at how they would all apologize. Kind of a dick move but an interesting social experiment nonetheless.
"I feel sorrow for you"
"Sorry, not sorry. See you in court, assbag.  ^^\(Sorry ^^about ^^the ^^assbag ^^comment. ^^We ^^cool?) "
Why would you need a law for that?  It's pretty barn-door obvious that an apology does not amount to an admission of legal liability.
So says Ricky from the trailer park boys!
It's also not an admission of guilt anywhere.
To give some context to this it will mostly pertain to things like traffic collisions. If one of the involved persons says sorry the insurance companies would take it as an admission of guilt.
What can I say? "Sorry?"
That's just being Canadian. We say sorry when we bump into a wall, so a broad cultural tendency cannot be an admission of guilt.
I bet that in many jurisdictions, one can only admit guilt in open court in front of a judge. according to a prescribed form.
My name is Inigo Montoya the Canadian.  You killed my father.  Prepare to die.  Sorry.
Necessary because if someone runs into me at a red light I'll instantly say sorry.... Silly us (Canadians)
Legal proof of their passive aggressiveness.
So, (soory)?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-trsB09zE7M&amp;feature=youtu.be
Not just in Ontario
That's a Demetri Martin bit

"I'm sorry, and I apologize mean the same thing...........except at a funeral...."
When I ushered in a theatre we were told never to say "I'm sorry" if a patron tripped or fell on the steps because it could be construed as ground for liability. We did ask if they were okay, though.
Im from ontario. I did not know this. 
Same in many States, in the US.  It's a rule of evidence.
Wish I had this law in my past relationship. I always had the dilemma  where I could say sorry for something that wasn't really my fault to avoid an argument but then I risk validating it in her mind that it was my fault and her bringing it up in the future.
The clock is running 24/7. The magnetron is running for a couple of minutes a day 
TIL a 60w lightbulb uses more electricity than a 2kw air conditioner if you leave the lightbulb on all the time and never use the air conditioner.
You can get a device called a [kill-a-watt](http://www.staples.com/P3-P4400-Kill-A-Watt-Electricity-Usage-Monitor/product_208748?cid=PS:GooglePLAs:208748&amp;ci_src=17588969&amp;ci_sku=208748&amp;KPID=208748&amp;lsft=cid:PS-_-GooglePLAs-_-208748,kpid:208748&amp;gclid=CjwKEAiAhPCyBRCtwMDS5tzT03gSJADZ8VjROW2wrtmqJfcwbkem73gOTdAYdCejBZraOQu4FcKiUhoCwzLw_wcB) to measure these parasitic loads.  All of the idle devices attached to the grid waste a vast amount of energy, but unplugging them in your home will only save you a few pennies per month.

The meter is still a great tool, otherwise you really have only a vague idea how much power your appliances use.
I'm sceptical. It seems extremely unlikely that heating food only consumes 100 times as much power as running the clock. Running a clock consumes next to no power and LEDs are very energy efficient, so I doubt they'd add a huge amount. Claiming that it's using 10W seems like a massive overestimate.
I call bullshit on their claim:

&gt; Heating food requires 100 times more power than running the clock. But a microwave is typically ‘on’ as an oven only one per cent of the time; over its lifetime, far more energy is used to run the clock display than to cook food.

My microwave has a pretty typical 1 kW *output*, but microwave magnetrons aren't particularly efficient.  It lists the input power at 1,800 W.  This sets a nice baseline of 18 W for the clock if we go with the claim of it using 1% of the energy used during cooking.

I've had some difficulty finding a reliable number for the power consumption of a digital clock and my kill-a-watt is missing in action, but no estimate has been above 5 W with most coming in around 1-2 W.  Even that strikes me as being too high, though.  Having worked with digital electronics I know that the real time clock chip is using a completely negligible amount of power—[this](https://www.sparkfun.com/datasheets/Components/DS1307.pdf) model lists a power consumption of 500 nA \* 5 V = 2.5 microwatts.  That's 0.0000025 watts, or 1/720,000,000 of the power consumption of the microwave as a whole.

You need more than this one chip, though.  You also need some sort of a processor, for which the [ATMega328](http://www.atmel.com/images/atmel-8271-8-bit-avr-microcontroller-atmega48a-48pa-88a-88pa-168a-168pa-328-328p_datasheet_complete.pdf) (pdf) is more than qualified.  This chip draws up to 0.2 mA \* 1.8 V = 0.36 mW.  That's 0.00036 W or 1/5,000,000 the power-on power consumption of the microwave.

Then you need a display.  Microwaves I've seen have all used four 7-segment displays, for which I'll use [this](http://e-radionica.com/productdata/LD3361BS.pdf) as an example.  I'll use the 0.8" model, which seems pretty close to my microwave.  My microwave uses blue digits, so that gives me 10 mA \* 3.3 V =  33 mW per segment.  There are typically three digits illuminated with about 5 segments each, so we can multiply this by 15 to get 495 mW, which is 0.495 W or about 1/3600 the power of the microwave.  Clearly this is the largest power user of the clock subsystem, so the rest can be neglected.  I'll call it 0.5 W just to be generous to the author.

Finally, to attempt to give the claim a last ditch hope of being close to reasonable, we can consider the inefficiency of converting AC to DC.  My microwave was nice enough to tell me that it's turning 1800 W from the wall into 1000 W of microwave radiation, so I'm going to be as generous as possible and assume that 100% of the energy lost is lost due to the AC/DC conversion and not the stepping up to kilovolts that is necessary to make a magnetron work, nor any other inefficiencies in turning electricity into radio waves.  So with this 1000 / 1800 = 55.55% efficiency that means that the clock will take 0.5 W / 0.5555 = 0.9 W.  Again, I'll generously round up, arriving at 1 W at the very bottom of the claimed ranges and is still only 1/1800 the microwave's power consumption.

So the author has bullshitted by a factor of 18.  By the same factor of bullshit I can carry 90 people in my car, minimum wage is $0.40/hr, and a large Big Mac meal contains 24,300 calories.

At 1 W how much energy does the clock use *per year*?  1 W \* 24 hr \* 365 days \* 1 kw/1000W = 8.76 kWh per year, which, at about $0.10 per kWh, is less than a dollar of electricity.

Meanwhile how much energy does the microwave itself use?  At 1.8 kW \* 365 days you get \* 0.1 hr/day (i.e. you run it for 6 minutes a day) you get 65.7 kWh per year, about 8 times the energy used by the clock, and this is even with a pretty light use of the microwave.

I've made every attempt to be generous to the author's claim, but it just doesn't check out.  This is a classic bullshit life hack, where they claim that something seemingly simple and harmless is actually causing you significant harm that you can fix by a simple trick.  On the surface they seem to be knowledgeable and they throw numbers at you to make you believe them (which likely explains the multitude of clickbait sites that picked up this claim almost verbatim a couple days after the article was published).  Sadly, they don't have the benefit of being true.

**TL;DR**:  The clock uses less than 1 W.  Even modest use of the microwave will use *substantially* more power than the clock over the life of the device.  Bullshit tip is bullshit. 
&gt;Heating food requires 100 times more power than running the clock.

Absolute bullshit. My smart meter shows less than a Watt for clock only, and ~1400 Watts when running the microwave.

The oven is at least three years old.
"Soo... you're saying we should power all of our electronics with microwave power?"

"What? No! That's a terrible id-"

"*already walking away* Microwave power..."
If you are using an electric furnace, the actual waste of leaving other things turned on is practically zero.  All electric devices (furnace, TV, computer, lights) are essentially equally-efficient heaters.  They may not distribute that heat as usefully as your furnace, but then you're probably heating rooms you're not using right now anyway.  Of course, electric furnaces are generally much less cost effective than gas.

And on the flip side, if you're using an air conditioner the waste from other electric devices is more than doubled, as the AC must compensate for the additional heat created by those devices.
That is utter bullshit.
Bullshit!

Assuming a 1kW microwave running for ONLY three minutes per day with a 1 watt clock. The annual total consumption will be 365kWh for cooking and 8.7Kwh for the clock. That's less than 3% of the machines total annual consumption being spent on the clock. Now, think about the fact that most people use their microwave for a lot more than 3 minutes per day.

This title and this story are pure clickbait bullshit.
This is being penny wise and pound foolish.  What they say is true but let's not lose sight of the major energy suck. Heat and cooling.  It would take a house full of vampire devises to equal an air conditioner.  It's like only drinking small cups of water while running the sprinklers. 
My nuker has an energy efficient button whose only function is to turn off the clock. Love it. 
Kill-A-Watt says my microwave uses 3W at idle... 19W w/ the door open (bulb inside) and 1354W while running w/ a cup of water inside.

0.072kWh for the idle clock per day

I'd have to run my microwave for an average of 3m12s every day of the year in order for the power consumed while actively heating to equal around the power used to run the clock for a year.

For me, this article is probably true because I use my microwave only a couple of times per week and generally for about 3-4 minutes.

That said, the clock will consume about 2kWh/mo which is about 30c.  My microwave is the only clock in my kitchen, so I'm paying about $3.60/yr to know what time it is while I eat.
Fuck that, turning your computer and other similar devices off every time you get up from them/put them away is a good way to age your components like fucking crazy and send them to an early grave. Not cold starting electronic equipment twice a day is worth the $22/year it costs to leave it running.
So uh, microwaves... If you have one where the door is always slightly ajar and lets air out of it while running due to an idiot slamming a spoon in the door about 30 times, (I was drunk and hungry and didn't see it under there) do you have to worry about standing in front of it while it cooks your drunken gross shit?
how far away can you be and still read a 900W clock ?
It also causes extreme cases of OCD due to never being able to maintain sync with the stove/oven clock.
I call bullshit.  Using a [Kill A Watt®](http://www.staples.com/P3-P4400-Kill-A-Watt-Electricity-Usage-Monitor/product_208748?cid=PS:GooglePLAs:208748&amp;ci_src=17588969&amp;ci_sku=208748&amp;KPID=208748&amp;lsft=cid:PS-_-GooglePLAs-_-208748,kpid:208748&amp;gclid=CN3CiuXduskCFQMFaQodfQwBXA) on my microwave, I measured running watts at 1500, while standby draw was too low to register on the meter (less than one watt, I presume)
This is false unless the microwave is used once a week. Do the math. 1400-watt microwave vs. A maybe 4-watt led clock? 
Hmm. This explains why my microwave trips the breaker whenever I set the time on it.
That's probably for the best.  The clock is far more useful over the course of the year than the microwave itself is.
Surely the cooling fan must draw a lot of energy as well? Why is there even a fan, by the way?
There is a shit ton of time in the day that it's just waiting for you to press some buttons. 

This is also the reason that most gas appliances use intermittent ignition instead of pilot lights. [The pilot in a gas water heater actually consumes more than the burner](https://physics.ucsd.edu/do-the-math/2012/03/pilot-lights-are-evil/) and does the majority of the heating.
That must be why everyone at my work leaves the microwaves set to the last few seconds of their heating time rather than being human beings and pressing *clear* so the only clock in the kichen can exist again!
I've always hated having my appliances constantly plugged in, we have a built in microwave, I'm not gonna get a stool to plug/unplug it every single time I need to use it but, it does bother me.
IMO this just means that microwaves aren't the problem. When you can rephrase it as saying, owning a microwave with a clock is almost as bad as owning two clocks. That doesn't exactly scream to me that microwaves are really a problem unless clocks are just THAT bad.
I would gladly get rid of may microwave's clock and have to spend less money on power. 
Another misleading title! Use the words "average household". This study assumes the lack of use to actually cook. Bu the machine itself is an oven and not a clock. 

So yes in a day  of the oven machine in most homes the clock will use more energy than it cooks.
This article is talking about "Smart" appliances that are hooked up to the internet so the Smart appliance is going to consume more energy on standby vs. a Dumb appliance on standby.  

So the solution would be to not hook your smart appliances to the internet especially when your appliance could get hacked:

http://bgr.com/2014/01/20/smart-tvs-fridge-hacked/
Until a few years ago I still had an old microwave with a mechanical timer and no clock.  A much more convenient system if you ask me.  Digital is not always the way to go.  Note that most cars had digital and went back to analog gauges.

Also I dont believe it consumer demand that is driving connected devices.  Does anyone really start their coffee maker from their cell phone?
Bullshit!

Assuming a 1kW microwave running for ONLY three minutes per day with a 1 watt clock. The annual total consumption will be 365kWh for cooking and 8.7Kwh for the clock. That's less than 3% of the machines total annual consumption being spent on the clock. Now, think about the fact that most people use their microwave for a lot more than 3 minutes per day.

This title and this story are pure clickbait bullshit.
We developed a very efficient mains powered standby circuit that could provide up to 30mA at 3V very effeciently from 110Vac to 260Vac that was fully digital and protected up to 8Kv. The circuit worked well, but selling the design to chip manufacturers to make a SoC became to hard. And they could probably do a better job than me anyway. Problem is no one wants to pay the extra to have a more complex circuit that could save the world millions of kilo's of emissions per year.
Guess that explains why the lights will dim when the microwave is heating something up...I'm gonna go with "misleading headline" for a thousand, Alex.
Crazy. Just got a new Samsung microwave that has an "eco mode " which only turns off the clock. It didn't make sense to me. Now it does.
I have a clock that occasionally cooks shit.
sounds like BS to me.
For everyone calling bullshit, yeah absolutely to a point. I used to live off gird with a solar system and generators for my power use. On solar or a 1000 watt generator the clock on my microwave worked just fine, but try to microwave a bag of popcorn and I'd be popping circuit breakers because it was to big a load. In order to use the microwave I'd have to start a 3000 watt generator, *so no way does it use less to cook than run the clock at any given moment*. However if you actually read the article it states that the oven uses 100 times more power to cook than to run the clock. The article's point is based on the clock being on 24 hours a day whilst the oven is on far less.
If the *operation* of a microwave oven uses ~100 times as much power as it does being in *standby mode*, but is in use only 1% of the time, then the amount of power used in each mode is *equal* not *far more*. 

A typical microwave oven draws [between 2 to 7 watts](http://energyusecalculator.com/electricity_microwave.htm) operating in standby mode whereas on average it will consume 1000 watts during operational use which is much greater than 100 times.

It's still worth turning it off but the average saving will be around 35kwh in a whole year.

Personally, I use my microwave for between 5 minutes to half an hour per day which will end up being far more than 35kwh in a year. 


what if the microwave clock is my studio apartment clock?  apart from my computer or cellphone i have no other time piece in my place, and being able to glance over from my bed is awesome.

power well spent.
Does it use more for a set time or does it use more for a flashing 12?
I have one of those old ones with the knob so it doesnt even have a clock.
Clock stays on 24/7 if plugged in. Food is only heated periodically.
If you're talking about 24 7 monitering, sure.

But the fact that when I put it on the small generator the clock will turn on just fine, but the heater gives the kiss of death to the generator...

... and barely runs on the giant generator....
why cant you turn the clock off?
Those are *Canadian* microwave ovens.  They're different.  Mine came with a set of adhesive buttons en francais to convert it into a Franglish microwave.
Wait, why am I reading a Toronto Star article from last year?
I leave my microwave unplugged, except when I use it.
how much do i save for unplugging my microwave after every use? is it worth it?
what about the light?
Boy, unplug that microwave, you don't need a timer when you ain't heating food, that's 2 cent an hour.
How about that goddamn annoying BEEP-BEEP-BEEP sound?  How much power does that buzzer use?  Its probably more than the clock!
It's called [Vampire power](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNcHUrg9EQY) and it's sucking you dry.
This makes me think of a question that I've had for a while, but haven't found an answer. Do the transformers up on the power lines waste energy when nobody is drawing power from them? 
Then why can't I run my microwave and most other appliances at the same time without my circuit breaker popping? It's a decent relatively new microwave from Costco. I can run any of the other appliances at the same time. 
That's why I turn mine off. 
\*Energy

I highly doubt this, the clock would be physically hot if it was consuming 5-10 watts.
I turn mine on at the power point when I want to use it. Off when I'm done. 
This is why I aways switch mine off from the plug
&gt; (...) enough energy each year to power Canada.

But that's Canada, right? Who cares about Canada? /s
Except my piece of shit microwave can't even do that right. The timer inside is skewed  by a couple of seconds. When I set the time on it to match the *actual* time of day, it will keep time perfectly. A day or two later, its two minutes slow. A week later? FIFTEEN minutes slow. Damn thing made both my boyfriend and myself late for work a couple of times.

Tl;dr- Don't accept the landlady's offer to take the previous tenant's microwave. There is a reason they left it behind. 
Stick an AMOLED in them and call it a day.
Watt?!
We havent had a microwave in our house going on 4 years now, cant say we miss it.
I thought it was common that people turn the microwave off by the plug after using it
Why do people complain... I'm sure the energy companies are laughing all the way to the bank. 
Your title is incorrect.  The article claims that the average power usage of the microwave is less than what is used in powering the clock circuit.  The article is also grossly incorrect.
Somebody needs to work on their math.

“Heating food requires 100 times more power than running the clock. But a microwave is typically ‘on’ as an oven only one per cent of the time; over its lifetime, far more energy is used to run the clock display than to cook food.“
Sometimes people just talk completely out their ass. Being a redditor you should already know this. What you 'learned' was complete bullshit and you should not repeat it. (after the karma train stops)
Then why does my microwave blow a fuse when I run it at the same time as my kettle? 
Whether it's true or not, I prefer analogue control microwaves. None of that idiotic, way too loud, unable to turn off retarded beeping.
Yet their still sold with clocks..
A typical Microwave uses 1000 watts when cooking. The clock consumes less than one watt. The ratio stated in the article is 100/1, actual is closer to 1000/1. Relax, alarmists..shh bby
So if i dont set the time i save electricity?
The tension drops whenever I try to heat something in the microwave, so either I have a shitty micro or this is bullshit.
TIL I can be a millionaire if I start selling "green" microwaves with no clocks and advertise that they use virtually no power
On a related note, it bothers me so much that most of our electronics these dats have no off switcg. They are either on or in standby mode.  Pointless expenditure of power.
Wildly inaccurate information. read comments after article for brief explanation, the reddit comments for further info.
Not sure about that, I ran my airconditioning unit, then my microwave, toaster, printers, pc's, industrial shredder, mixer, popcorn popper, and high speed drill at the same time and my circuit blew.  

Please refer to [stupid report](http://www.iea.org/publications/freepublications/publication/MoreData_LessEnergy.pdf) {page18} where this 'fact' was used anecdotally, not with any actual citation.
Also this is not published report in scientific journal because of all the dumb.
My microwave has a 1200 watt magnetron. If I run it for 5 minutes a day, which I usually do, that's 96 watt hours a day. Lets pretend the clock is 100mW, which seems like a high estimate. If it's running 24 hours a day, that's 2.4 watt hours a day. Even if I run my microwave for half the time that I usually do, and the clock actually consumes 5 times as much power as the estimate, it still isn't even close.

Seems like a bullshit headline to me. OP is a bundle of sticks.
From the article: “In an office context, surveys have found that computers are on average left unattended and switched on 28 per cent of the time, corresponding to an average wasted energy of 110 kilowatt hours per year, per computer.”

The main reason people leave there computer on all day is the ridiculous boot up time. I have had computers take as much as five minutes to boot up and be ready. I think energy star ratings should REQUIRE a boot time, with heavy app loading, of no more than 15 seconds. I know this can be done, but bloatware from every source never gives a shit about this. Especially the OS's.

Then I will start turning my computer off between uses.


It's not just a simple display.
TIL: Atypical microwaves use more power heating food than their clocks. 
The clock is running 24/7. The magnetron is running for a couple of minutes a day 
I gotta admit though, my microwave has a pretty sweet clock.  I probably look at it for the time more than any other clock, including my phone.   However the article is correct.  Electricity vampire are a thing, and I unplug stuff all the time.  Dammit, I just realized my vintage Boston pencil sharpener was plugged in.   YOINK, bitch!
Clocks on microwaves are stupid.  Now a coffee maker you might set to delay start so it is ready when you wake up but no one delay starts a microwave.
Noooo. This is bullshit. Somebody did their math wrong.
Wait...  why does it say 
1600 watts then? 
Ha! I completely switch off microwave after heating. Why do you need to turn it on all the time?
This shit again. And then I meet people who think saving electricity is a way to solve... I dont know - something - as if we can advance by spending less energy.
"I don't have a microwave, but I do have a clock that occasionally cooks shit." - Mitch Hedberg
Well the one Iv got I haven't used in years and the time is wrong.
Its on the internet so it's got to be true
This is bullshit. This is clickbait and you fucking know it. Not sure if your username is relevant. 
WHAT?!  Then why does my fuse blow when I turn on the microwave and have my coffee machine on?  This doesn't happen when just the clock is running.
I'm saving the environment by being too lazy to set the clock.

I'm a hero...
And niw I understand why u can turn off the display on mine... thanks!
Why does it trip the breaker to run a microwave and a toaster at same time?
my microwave doesn't have a clock.
What if you don't set the clock?
I had to go wrong.
&gt; "Heating food requires 100 times more power than running the clock. But a microwave is typically ‘on’ as an oven only one per cent of the time; over its lifetime, far more energy is used to run the clock display than to cook food.”

100 times...

One percent...

Given that math I would expect the oven to use exactly the same amount of energy cooking the food as running the clock.
And that is why you buy multi-outlet power strips with a switch and turn things off before bed / after usage. 
Clearly this is the power of the oven machine in most homes the clock will use substantially more power than running the clock.
It's wasteful to heat the food you don't have to use it for less than 1 W. Even that strikes me as being too high, though.
Bu the machine itself is an oven and the timer circuit off of 120vac, so there is a good conductor of heat.
When you say heating the food, are you also including turning the roundtable and blowing air? I know it isn't really heating the food, BUT it happens at the same time and every time.
So that's why my mum threw it out
I hooked up a multi meter to my micro wave and the clock uses an insinfigant amount of power. This probably will never be read, but I feel like it belongs here
They're basically heaters that also happen to turn your power back on...
My bullshit meter is firmly in the red zone. 
To all the people who are in doubt: over it's lifespan, not at any given moment. 
woah...weird, thanks for sharing 
That is bullshit. A microwave uses like 800+ watts. You are an idiot. 
Statistic is complete and utter bullshit. The poster's name suggests that he knows that. Even considering that they mean "has a stand by power consumption of this and that" I think it's wrong. They probably plugged one of those energy meters in and used that number when the meter doesn't work properly under 100-200 W.   
Stop believing everything you read on reddit or on shitty articles like that. 
[This is a better source, but not allowed on TIL.](http://www.economist.com/node/5571582)
To be fair, I reference that clock a lot.
I wish I could turn off the clock, its never right.
"my microwave is a clock that occasionally cooks things" - Mitch Hedberg
They should remove clocks on microwaves, seriously. Theres a clock on my oven and my phone. If this saves electricity why not.
"I don't have a microwave, but I do have a clock that cooks shit from time to time."
-Mitch
There's no fucking way this is true. 
Fuck you bullshitter
The beeps are so loud, it probably uses all the power. BEEP BEEP BEEP. YOU PRESSED A BUTTON BEEP.
r/titlegore
Sorry, there's no way the LED's in a microwave clock uses more energy than the crap that makes Microwaves in it. That's plain BS.

Probably still hard to go out there to supervise them and they are gone there gone.
I hate how they refer to smart devices as a "waste" of electricity. Every aspect of our lives now is computerized or electrical. of COURSE we're going to be using more than ever. it's just how our lives are now, we're connected to everything and everyone and energy producers need to plan for the future too, not just call this new fangled stuff a waste
/u/Fuckyoubullshitter username

that just proves how greedy and ignorant so many people are. Go ahead waste more energy its what we need !
Then why does the refridgerator light dim when I run the microwave, but not when it's just sitting there with its LED running?
&gt;Heating food requires 100 times more power than running the clock.


That implies the clock uses 10 watts, sounds like bullshit. Should be about a watt.
How can I disable the clock. I'm broke paying for car and home. Every penny is worth while.
Then why can't I run my toaster and microwave at the same time? The clock doesn't cause a problem.
She was never the actual queen of Romania, though. King Michael I was forced to abdicate by the Communists in 1947, and he married Anne in 1948. She could not visit Romania until 1992.
And she is still alive at 92. Hot damn.
&gt;She did not want to have to accompany her parents to London for the royal wedding so as to avoid meeting King Michael in official surroundings. Instead, she planned to stay behind, go alone to the Paris railway station and, pretending to be a passerby in the crowd, privately observe the king as his entourage escorted him to his London-bound train.[1] However, at the last moment she was persuaded by her cousin, Prince Jean of Luxembourg to come to London, where he planned to host a party. Upon arrival, she stopped by Claridge's to pay respects to her parents, and found herself being introduced unexpectedly to King Michael. Abashed to the point of confusion, she clicked her heels instead of curtseying, and fled in embarrassment. 


This shit writes itself 
The plot of a new (insert popular actress) movie right here.
Her full name is Anne Antoinette Françoise Charlotte Zita Marquerite
Queen Elizabeth of England learned Queenery at a finishing school.

Queen Anne of Romania learned it from chess.

"Ugh, I'll just do *everything* myself then"
I think it's cool she worked at Macy's.
That entire Wikipedia article is a fascinating look at archaic European marriage politics that played out not that long ago. Very enjoyable
That must be nice to be able to work as a sales assistant and afford college at the same time. What a time to have been alive. 
I love reading about history. So many powerful people achieved so much in their lifetimes. Did you know that Alexander the Great's father, Philip II conquered all of Greece by being *voted in* as head of their various alliances. It was Philip II that planned the invasion of the Persian empire. Alexander was a bit of a cocky asshole to be honest. Then there is Cyrus the Great, first great King of Persia; taking over basically everywhere in Asia in his relatively short lifespan. Darius I headed administration in Persia. So many amazing people, it is fascinating. Did you know the Egyptian pharaoh, Akhenaten was the first pharaoh ever to *not* be conservative (in the modern sense of the word). He changed Egypt's religion from worshipping many gods to worshipping one God. He made Egyptian art realistic and not stylised (for example, his wife's statue was done showing everything - flabs, fat, the withered posture of old age). This ofcourse let to Tutankhamun's murder and his coverup. I'm getting off topic but what I'm trying to say is that there are many great people in ancient, medieval and modern history that have done so much in the short span of a century or less and I strongly suggest those that find this sort of stuff interesting, check out some history from time to time.



P.S. Dracula actually existed. He was called Dracul and his name was Vlad. Vlad the Impaler actually. He once nailed turbans to people's heads because they refused to take them off. 
TIL: Work at Macy's, become a queen.
So she successfully pulled off the "run away to fight again" idea!
Macy's department store? isn't that the place with the great prices year-round on a huge selection, with even better sales coming up right around this time of year?
Romanian queen escapes to America and becomes a retail associate? This has sitcom written all over it!
Good for her for serving. She drove an ambulance, but the Croix de guerre is a common medal, even often bestowed on foreign military forces allied to France.

Just FYI, Queen Elizabeth joined the Auxillary Territorial Service in 1945, becoming the first female member of the Royal Family to be a full-time active member of the Services.

The Duke of Edinburgh served in the Royal Navy from 1939 to 1952, seeing active service throughout the Second World War.

The Prince of Wales also served in the Royal Navy and also trained in the Royal Air Force.


Get on it Disney!!!
Proof that no one is too good to work in the service industry. 
"Last edited 2 minutes ago" hmm...
That had to be an interesting interview when they were discussing her work history.
Queen Anne sounds like she was a bad ass. 
Imagine working at Macy's and the Queen of Romania is trying to sell you a sweater. 
She's a killer queen...
She met her husband the King of Romanian at his cousins wedding in London.  Queen Liz and Prince Philip.
bad ass!
Take that Santa. You're not the most badass employee of Macy's anymore.
I was confused because how would she get herself into a position to even earn the Cross of War? An award "given to soldiers who distinguish themselves by acts of heroism involving combat with the enemy".


So I checked around and sure enough I found that specifically during [1939-1945](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croix_de_guerre_1939%E2%80%931945) they created a version of the Cross of war to honour people who fought with the Allies against the Axis forces at **any** time during World War II. So she basically got a participation award.
Now imagine that your New Yorker Nan may have purchased her old knickers off a queen.
QUEEN of Romania worked at Macy's xD 
[Queen Anne and King Michael have been married 67 years](http://i.imgur.com/P4v5Fda.jpg)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irina_Walker

They must be so proud of their daughter, a prominent Cock Fighting enthusiast in Oregon. 
Back in my country I swear to you I'm a queen... yeah yeah keep telling your stories... in the mean time there's a customer waiting.
The section on their marriage is brilliant

&gt; The two families resolved to take their case to the Vatican in person. In early March, the couple's mothers met with Pope Pius XII who, despite the entreaties of the Queen Mother **and the fact that Princess Margrethe pounded her fist on the table in anger**, refused permission for Anne to marry Michael.

Can you imagine having an argument with the Pope just so that you can get married?
Don't think a Reddit topic description has ever made me instantly swoon over a woman more.
Queen of Romania but only qualified to fold shirts at Macy's in America. 
Not exact, but feels close enough to allow for a favorite bit of Dorothy Parker:

Oh life is a glorious cycle of song

A medley of extemporanea

And love is a thing that can never go wrong

And I am Marie of Romania

Queen Anne sounds like she was a bad ass. 
Imagine working at Macy's and the Queen of Romania is trying to sell you a sweater. 
So basically she was a refugee in the US?
Fun fact: in 1947, when her future husband met her in London, the 26 year old Romanian king did not want to return to communist dominated Romania. Churchill had to convince him.

He did return after the 1989 revolution and took possession of some royal property. No convincing was necessary for that ;-)

Her daughter made headlines a few years ago for starting a cockfighting ring. 
and her daughter organised cock fights in Oregon.....like ya do


http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/22/irina-walker-cockfighting_n_6031624.html
*She was born aged 92?!*
...Do we have a movie about it?
I know what the next email con will be. Nigerian princess in the US unable to go back to her people without your money.


Cool story, though. Impressive for a monarch to be able to handle that and from a fairly young age.
you go girl
And at that age I was... chasing boys. #perspective
Isn't this part of the story in the play "You Can't Take it With You"???
Fascinating that she, as a royal Catholic, still had to petition the pope to marry a non catholic....and the pope refused and they carried on anyway. I wonder if this is one of the last times the papacy had to be petitioned for royal interfaith marriage. Do royal catholic bloodlines care anymore?
I wonder if this is one very large leap in the south of England is like calling Obama President of Hawaii.
It was Philip II conquered all of Greece by being voted in after killing all his opponents after several decades of war.
This is something I would guess accommodation, food, transport would have violated Romania's monarchical constitution, and would be likely to have in her wallet at the Battle of Tours in 732.
The wikipedia article says she went to Parsons. That's really cool.
Holy shit the similarity to Maggie Thatcher in that wikipedia page...
boss
TIL Her husband,  the King is still alive at 94.  
Take notes "world leaders" that is how you lead.
I'm Romanian and I had no idea.
There should be a well scripted movie about this
Queen Anne's Revenge
So apparently wealthy people working as Macy's saleslady's is a thing?  My friend went out with a girl whose family is super, super, wealthy and she worked as a cosmetics sales girl at Macy's even though she didn't really need the money (she's since just started her own cosmetics company instead).

From now on when I go to Macy's I'll just assume that all the salespeople are multimillionaire royals.
I'm feeling a Titanic style movie coming on. 
wow, what a badass!
Eventually, she returned to Germany and slaughtered the Nazi Remnant, exacting Vengeance.  This led the pirate Blackbeard to name his ship after this event:  Queen Anne's Revenge
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3tf5pl?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Thanos-I'll Do It Myself HD](https://youtube.com/watch?v=obFVY8xYzDc)|[7](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tf5pl/_/cx5qwvz?context=10#cx5qwvz) - Fine, I&amp;#39;ll do it myself. 
[Simpsons-Young Jebediah Springfield](https://youtube.com/watch?v=5HQEOO5BvcU&amp;t=65s)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tf5pl/_/cx5p7dc?context=10#cx5p7dc) - I never heard the word &amp;quot;embiggens&amp;quot; before moving to Springfield 
[Alexander the Great and the Situation ... the Great? Crash Course World History #8](https://youtube.com/watch?v=0LsrkWDCvxg)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tf5pl/_/cx5tl2z?context=10#cx5tl2z) - While there is certainly some truth in this line of reasoning, be careful not to simplify things too much.  Looking at history with the &amp;quot;Great People&amp;quot; goggles on yields an incomplete understanding.  John Green makes some good points...
[Ribbed for her pleasure...](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ET4hkIlRjXw)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tf5pl/_/cx5x0rf?context=10#cx5x0rf) - Eeeww 
[The Devil And Miss Jones](https://youtube.com/watch?v=muf5-cAFhdo&amp;t=1780s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tf5pl/_/cx5xz05?context=10#cx5xz05) -  
[One kind sumbitch or 'nother.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=HG6UvDSuoF4)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tf5pl/_/cx5z9o9?context=10#cx5z9o9) - To me, it&amp;#39;s a good quote from a good show. Firefly was good because it made the audience think. Life is complicated, and a lot of people have a vested interest in making us believe in the Just World Fallacy 
[French Lesson 126 - Pronunciation of AIN EIN OIN UN IN EN AN ON - Nasal vowels in French](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jVOGnGx7GRM)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tf5pl/_/cx5sx0k?context=10#cx5sx0k) - You don&amp;#39;t pronounce the &amp;quot;n&amp;quot;. Here. 
[King of Spain - Moxy Fruvous](https://youtube.com/watch?v=fZPLv6lbhOI)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3tf5pl/_/cx5ulvo?context=10#cx5ulvo) - I heard the King of Spain worked at the Pizza Pizza. 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
I come from Romania and I actually met Queen Anne and King Michael when I was about 4 or 5. They came to visit my little town in the mountains and my grandma was so excited that they actually talked to me, that she went to her garden (she lived next door to where they came to visit), ripped out a bunch of flowers (with roots and dirt still attached) and gave it to them. My mom was mortified and she still talks about it to this day.
1. She beat my American Grandpa. Can she break 100?

2. Diamond anniversary? #TIL
Good thing she wasn't from Syria.
93? Ah an old soul from......Transylvania.
Queen of Romania my ass.
As a Romanian, TIL that I:

* have a King and Queen
* they are still alive
* our Queen apparently visited Romania for the first time ever in 1992 at nearly 70 years old
This should be made into a movie. Now thinking about it, I work in the movie industry....totally should pitch this idea
See? This is why you should help people fleeing for their lives.
She was actually born in France. Also, she is still alive. 
what a fucking thug...
Romania in the house!!!! ☝🔝
*folding clothes at Macy's with a coworker* 
"So what did you do before this job?" 
-"I was QUEEN!" 
"Ok..."
*awkwardly goes back to folding *
Her granddaughter lives in Irigon, OR and was convicted along with her husband, ex-sheriffs deputy John Walker of cockfighting. 
That Queen of Romania's name? Albert Einstein. 
##She was never Queen, OP. 

Michael I abdicated on December 30, 1947 and he married Anne on June 10, 1948 in Athens, Greece. By rule, she's a princess as Michael was also a Prince of House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, her mother was Princess Margaret of Denmark and her father, Prince René, was prince of Bourbon-Parma

Note: Michael I is a claimant to the throne of Romania but that has not and will never be recognized by any government in the world after abdication in 1947
Also, [her husband is the living image of Dracula](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_I_of_Romania).
Am I the only one thinking about that she was Queen att 16...
I wonder if Macy's made her work on Black Friday.
fucking immigrants. 

wait...
I'm willing to bet my left nut that she wouldn't have been awarded the Cross of War if she were not from royal stock. I'm not knocking her actions or bravery, just highlighting the fact that most nations award medals for many merits, most of them the merit most easily digested by the public. Disney is not the only organisation to exploit the popularity of royalty.
I've heard so many stories about badass women in the 30's and 40's.  

Now we have *feminists*.
Modern republicans would've denied her entrance because she was of "military age" and a possible terrorist/Nazi.
TIL if this happened today, republican states would have turned her away
Yea but the refugees will ruin our culture tho.
TIL something boring.
She blew me once. We were at a Butthole Surfers concert at the Cat Club in NY I think in 1984 and she was wasted. She followed me into the bathroom and said, "Do you know who I am?", and I was like, "Shit, aren't you Queen Anne of Romania?".  I totally recognized her from the newsreels. She was impressed that I knew who she was. Anyway, we started talking about bands, and how we loved SST and the Meat Puppets and sort of bonded, and she undid my fly. She swallowed. She gave me her number, but I never called her. I probably should have, but I was broke and in school and it probably wouldn't have worked out anyway. She was kind of a nut.
I felt like I just sat through the most irrelevant history class of high school.
Wasn't is Foleys back then?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muf5-cAFhdo&amp;t=29m40s
Thank you r/TIL for giving me the entire description in the titles so i never have to click a link.
I'm confused? Are you saying women had a choice back then? I thought women were just kept in the kitchen and forced **FORCED** to take care of children in the home until the 1970s? 

Patriarchy



So the scum cunt who was part of a family that enslaved romanians got to live the good life? 

If the french cowards had any balls, they would have arrested her and executed this slimy bitch.
Would be a cool movie
I love it when people like(position of wealth and power) that have so much humility they don't care... In fact, this is what my definition of truly rich is... 
so she was a dirty foogee?
Fun fact: Coco Chanel was a big nazi financial supporter.
There was a french army in 1943?
Fucking royals.  
rich people are the biggest sticky fingers.  wonder how she did at macy's
/r/titlegore

See?  Communism was good for something, as these parasites were deposed and sent packing.
Setting a great example for her people to follow. 
that is such a bullshit and makes one sound like a saint, when in reality it's like a royalty traveling now, they all go with an entourage and everything is handed to them.   You think Harry is really capable of flying jets? Doubt it, but guess what, he's royal so he's gonna be flying them anyways! 
We get it, Reddit.  You want us to take in Syrian refugees. Give it a fucken rest.  
People should read up on the [Romani Holocaust](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porajmos). Hungarian, Romanian and other "Gypsies" were all exterminated in the same vein as the Jews. Somewhere between .5 million and 1.5 million people, snuffed out for being the wrong race, and it almost never gets talked about. 

And I'm part Jewish and part Hungarian, so I think I can say it without being racist, "Fuck Comcast." ... Oh, and the holocaust was pretty bad too.

[edit] lol @ the guy who downvoted a post spreading information about a holocaust.
Never forget that thousands of Jews attempted to enact a coup in Germany and murdered many Germanic white Christians in their attempt to pass Jewish communism. Most people were never taught about this in their schools by their liberal history teachers. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_Revolution_of_1918–19

Interestingly enough when Hitler came back after serving in World War One as an honorable brave soldier who was one of the very few enlisted men to earn the Iron Cross by running out into heavy fire to rescue a wounded officer, he went to Germany and saw all of the Jews who refused to enlist and serve in World War one and stayed behind were happy and content to take all of the jobs of the dead Christian German men, taking their wealth, their homes, their women. 

And the worst part was the Jewish fires of communist destruction were rising once again. The Jews were pushing very very hard for a communist take over of a weakened Germany (as they always do). 

Daily reminder the Jewish communists killed tens of millions of white Christians in Russia and yet people are not prevented from waving a communist flag in Germany, nor openly supporting communism.

There are no "Communist hunters" who go around capturing and putting the brutal Jewish communists on trial for murdering millions of white christian families in their Jewish purge of all white christian heritage and culture. 

Daily fucking reminder if you even so much as question the official narrative in many countries you will be arrested, fired from your job, your children taken away by the state and you will lose all of your rights, while you can openly support Jewish communist in the streets and in the government. 

Daily reminder that truth does not fear investigation. 










Fucking refugee
if he "bought" 365 cards it doesn't sound like a good hack
&gt;He orders his iced quad Venti vanilla white mocha with heavy cream instead of milk. 
At least he's gonna die pretty soon. 
&gt;In case you thought that was it, Mr. X then asks Halsey to ring it up as "one quad espresso, add white mocha, sub vanilla, sub heavy cream" so it's $3 instead of $6.50.

That doesn't sound free to me unless I'm missing something.
I was going to cheer this guy on for finding a way to beat the system, then I read the article.  If it takes more than 7 seconds or so to order a coffee then you're something of a douchebag, if you write on the coffee cup, indicating how high the cup should be filled with all of the different ingredients/types of coffee you're buying then you're a complete asshat.
...isn't this just fraud?
This is supposed to be genius? This sounds like a guy nobody wants around.
Sucks to be him on February 29th
How about just ask his ID as proof ?
This man is also known as "The dick who ruins it for everyone".
Buzzfeed tomorrow; 

**THIS GUY FOUND A HACK THAT'S IS DRIVING BARISTAS CRAZY! ** ^^follow ^^the ^^link ^^to ^^see ^^how
guy sounded like a genius... read the article, turns out he's just a douche
This comment will be buried but I have to get this out there. This guy came in to my store TODAY. He's come in a couple times. He's claimed he worked at a Starbucks in Seattle many years ago so he's not "cheating the system" at all. Well he always reaches over the counter (rule 1: don't fucking do that?) grabs his cup and begins drawing all over it. Well for the first time in I don't even know how long my store manager was there later than usual so she caught this bastard. She politely said, "Please don't reach over the counter, it's a health code violation." He says, and I quote, "you must be new. I'm only doing this because the baristas always manage to fuck up my drink so I started writing on my own cups." (Rule 2: don't cuss at my manager) she proceeds to just start making this assholes drink. Well he starts yelling and I mean full on yelling over our dumb fucking Christmas music saying THATS NOT A LONG SHOT IT CHANGES THE FLAVOR OF MY DRINK! There was this guy behind him in line and he said "I'm so in awe. He's gonna try and get his way and she's gonna try and get hers. But he's gonna win. He always does with new people."

Alright. So not only did this fucker lie about his birthday. Not only did he create this god awful beverage we can't even decaf because he stares the bar down with his stupid fucking glasses saying we need to STIR QUICKER or THOSE SHOTS ARE GONNA DIE no bitch YOURE GONNA DIE. Finally, my manager hands off his drink. He leaves. His friend stays behind. My manager immediately starts telling staff to not let that guy reach over the counter, it's a health code violation and also to jokingly ask for his ID because she knows his game with the cards. His friend says DONT TALK SHIT ABOUT MY BEST FRIEND. My manager says, "I'm sorry if that is your friend but he is rude to me and my partners and constantly is breaking policy." He yells "IM NOT GONNA STAND FOR THIS IM CALLING CORPORATE RIGHT NOW" My manager goes in the back and calls corporate too. They already know! This guy has a case on him that spans STATES. Well the friend calls the guy and he ends up coming back. He walks in and we all think we're in for a shit storm. He goes almost IN our backroom and says "WHERES YOUR MANAGER?!" She comes out and says "Is there a problem with your drink?" He said "YOURE the manager?" She said yes, he then goes on to "apologize" but if she trained her employees properly, he wouldn't have to be rude. She goes on to basically tell him not to come back to our store and she knows he's banned from several other stores so she can do that too. He said fine, the drink sucked anyway. 🙄🙄🙄

TL;DR This guy is a fucking douchebag. 
As someone who works at Starbucks, there is a system that employees tend to use when a custom order comes down the pipe. 

"Do they look like they know what they are talking about?" 

"No"

"Then make whatever the fuck you want"
It doesn't matter what system you have in place, there will always be people who will devote their time and energy towards thinking of ways to abuse it. Something I think r/politics would do well to realize.
Jokes on *him*. He has to drink Starbucks coffee. Every. Single. Day. 
So if this is true, IF this story is true, couldn't the employee simply ask to see a drivers license to see the guys actual birth date? 
My first thought, he's quite the liar, i don't think i could keep up the lie that long.
So he is a thief 364 days of the year?
Wouldn't they notice that he has a birthday every day at the store?
From the [Starbucks Card Terms and Conditions](http://www.starbucks.com/card/card-terms-and-conditions):
&gt;We may suspend or terminate this agreement and revoke or limit any or all of the rights and privileges granted to you at any time without notice or liability. Termination may result from your fraudulent or unauthorized use of the Starbucks Card. 

Yeah, I'm pretty sure this would have been put to an end well before he made it through an entire year of pulling this off... 
Chik-fil-a has a calendar card that entitles you to one free designated item each month. Some months are way better than others, of course. For $217 (approx $7 x 31) you will have a guaranteed something to eat/drink every day. Some months you could double up on a card one day, too. 
Thanks guy. Now Starbucks is going to implement some policy to mess it up for everyone. This is why we can't have nice things and companies can't be generous to the general public. The general lack of restraint is appalling
 &gt; Every Starbucks employee's worst nightmare

That's a pretty specific nightmare
I'm gonna get this guy as my Secret Santa, I just know it.
If this guy bought cards at $5 minimum, didn't he basically pre-pay for all his drinks? I guess maybe the first year he wouldn't be getting anything free. Do the cards ever expire? That could ruin his "scam."
&gt; I’m not picky so don’t worry about shaking it or anything like that.
Would it have not been easier just to get himself an Espresso machine and make his own drinks?  The money he must've paid out on those cards could've been put towards a decent model.
Dude is fucked for leap years though. I imagine the whole Starbucks will be celebrating on February 29
&gt; Two pumps of white mocha here, then add five pumps of vanilla. That should take us to this line here where you’re gonna add cold heavy cream up to this ridge here ... it should be halfway between this line and this line. Make sure to add the heavy whipping cream before the espresso; it changes the taste if you do it out of order. Then add your four shots — three regular and one long shot. That long shot is important, since you guys reformulated your machines, it’s been hell trying to get my drink right. That long shot helps balance it. Then stir it for me, Mister Brad. Now do me a favor and add ice to the top there and it’ll be easy as pie. I’m not picky so don’t worry about shaking it or anything like that.

As a fast food worker..... fuck this guy.
Actually the register is ringing up the drink wrong is you add more then 4 oz. of any liquid then it is an additional charge not a sub. The pumps of white mocha are going to be extra. The drink would come out to being some where around $7-8. You would also have to charge for an extra shot into the venti iced white mocha which if i remember right is like $.80. Whom ever the Shift supervisor allowing this should contact the DM or GM because it is fraud. Also, any person working the register should know better then too ring it up this way. I had a few people try similar things like this while working there it is ridiculous. The drink he wanted was some where around 140g of sugar(which is considered a toxic amount of sugar), 40g of fat, and around 1,000 calories.

Get free Starbucks 365 days a year with this one weird trick! (Leap years hate him!!!)
Those drinks are packed with calories, so I'm guessing he is a rather large fellow.
But what *color* were the cups these birthday drinks came in?
[deleted]
Wait till id is required
&gt;"Even though I know exactly how he 'beat the system,' he pretends that his app is just malfunctioning and it magically gives him the same free birthday drink every day,"  
    
What a weak ass play.  Even if the app was buggy he's still knowingly taking advantage of it and committing fraud.     
    
&gt;Then he "draws lines and arrows and writes all over the cup," instructing Halsey to get his order perfectly jotted down as follows: *insert 10 sentences of inane step by step instructions with arrows pointing to what volume the liquid should be at along the way*    
    
If he was cool about it, drops a tip now and then, maybe he gets to slide.  But treating the barista to that ridiculous prep guide and later asking it to be entered into the cash register in a way that cuts the price in half?   Fuck that guy, deny him his scam and tell him to take it up with corporate.  Then kick him in the nuts.  Twice. 
This man has too much time on his hands, to much money, and a caffeine addiction. 
ITT: HOW TO RUIN COMPLIMENTARY BIRTHDAY GIFTS. 

This is how you get ants and why the restaurant I work at does not give anything for birthdays. 
Guys sounds like a genius until you keep reading and it turns out he is the biggest asshole in the world.
I'm all for abusing loopholes in large companies, but making the life of badly paid employees difficult is a dick move. 
Is no one seeing how awkward this would be? Granted, there would probably be 365 Starbucks within walking distance. 
"Christmas Justice Warrior Fights Back". FTFY.
I would just like to point out. He's not getting a free birthday drink every day. He's defrauding Starbucks every day, lying about it to the store employees claiming that the apps is malfunctioning and is an asshole to the staff who is making his "Free" drink and most likely not tipping them. Encouraging this idea, which seems to be what most of the comments in this thread are doing, is wrong too. Is Starbucks hurting because a guy is getting a 6.50 drink for free, or a 2372.50 loss each year. No they most likely aren't. However, the more people get the same idea, and try and do this, the more money is lost on free birthday drinks, and a nice incentive program to make people want to come to Starbucks on their birthday will be lost because some people decided they wanted to defraud Starbucks. I'd like anyone in this thread who is actually thinking that this is a good idea to realize that they aren't hurting Starbucks, they are hurting people just trying to make a living in the service industry.

Also, I'm linking the original article here, where it shows what kind of person would actually do this. Here's a spoiler, its an asshole.

http://kitchenette.jezebel.com/stories-of-horrible-restaurant-customers-part-1-1724487937
I seem to recall some Starbucks employee in an Ask Reddit thread bitching about a guy that came in every day and got a free drink due to doing this.  I'd have to assume it's the same bastard 
If you buy something and receive whatever in return and they claim that it's free... I got some news for you
So for "only" $1800 in auxiliary costs, you can get a free drink every day. 
and here I was feeling good about myself for getting a free upgrade on my popcorn at AMC :(
Should've bought 183 of them. That way, every other is a free cup and then he can spend the $5 credit of each card on the non-free days. 
only top of paying for the card, wouldn't he also have to go to multiple starbucks?
Even if he lived in a place like NYC that probably has tons of Starbucks... wouldn't some managers eventually recognize the guy from repeat visits?
The baristas did not notice it was always this guys birthday? I only have a few in my area and they would definitely start to recognize me. 
But now he has no unbirthdays.
LPT: You can get Starbucks cards for free if you're nice and ask an employee.  They have ones that people leave after they're all used up.  

Source: I didn't know how the program worked and a cashier showed me a handful for me to pick from -- I got two because both the designs seemed cool looking.
What about February 29? 
What a fucking loser
This guys orders a complicated drink. He's an asshole about it too.
&gt;Not only does Mr. X get a free coffee every day, but he's particular about his order, the barista says. He orders his iced quad Venti vanilla white mocha with heavy cream instead of milk. So first, he asks Halsey for a venti cup and a marker. 
&gt;**Then he "draws lines and arrows and writes all over the cup," instructing Halsey to get his order perfectly jotted down as follows:**

My sides, please tell me there is a video of him doing this?
Yep its my birthday again... Wait what do you mean corporate policy?
what about leap day?
Mr. Halsey, you are a national treasure, thank you for your service.
&gt; Two pumps of white mocha here, then add five pumps of vanilla. That should take us to this line here where you’re gonna add cold heavy cream up to this ridge here ... it should be halfway between this line and this line. Make sure to add the heavy whipping cream before the espresso; it changes the taste if you do it out of order. Then add your four shots — three regular and one long shot. That long shot is important, since you guys reformulated your machines, it’s been hell trying to get my drink right. That long shot helps balance it. Then stir it for me, Mister Brad. Now do me a favor and add ice to the top there and it’ll be easy as pie. **I’m not picky so don’t worry about shaking it or anything like that.**
I wonder if he also draws a line for the amount of spit he wants in the cup, or if the barista just adds it in as an extra treat.
This guy has to be fat as fuck at this point after drinking that shit every day.
In Georgia you have to load a gift card with a minimum of $5. He would've had to spend $1,825 to eventually get free drinks which I'm sure would eventually be denied. 
He would have to go to 365 different Starbucks in order to not be noticed! Luckily, he would only need to travel in a 1 mile radius. 
Diabeetus.
Pretty sure this is bullshit. There are much easier ways to get free shit at Starbucks. We literally have a 'just say yes' policy that means exactly what it sounds like. 

Forget your wallet/Starbucks card? No big. On the house.
Phone app not working? On the house.
Some other Starbucks messed up your drink? On the house.

People look me dead in the eye and lie to my face every day about this shit and I'm expected to 'assume good intention' as corporate puts it and believe every word.

Same goes for the VAST amount of customers who think they're savvy as fuck and save 5 bucks by ordering 3 shots with some ice in a venti cup and filling up the rest with the milk carafes on the condiment bar instead of buying a latte, which is the same thing.

I don't believe for a second that a customer spent the time, money, and effort registering 365 Starbucks with different birthdays. He would have to bring in a different card every single day.

As far as the 'grabbing the cup and writing all over it', yeah, that one is actually true. A few come to my cafe every day. Starbucks customers are the most entitled, cheap retail customers I've ever dealt with, and I've worked retail jobs for like 10 years.

source: I've worked at sbux for 3 years
Me at first:

&gt; Hey, that's a pretty good idea. Good on him!

Then:

&gt; Then he "draws lines and arrows and writes all over the cup," instructing Halsey to get his order perfectly jotted down as follows [...]

What a fucking asshole, she should shove that cup up his fucking ass!
This is supposed to be genius? This sounds like a guy nobody wants around.
&amp; I felt a bit guilty about getting a free small coffee for Veterans day. What a dick.
Meanwhile, in the developed world...
&gt; He orders his iced quad Venti vanilla white mocha with heavy cream instead of milk. So first, he asks Halsey for a venti cup and a marker. 
Then he "draws lines and arrows and writes all over the cup," instructing Halsey to get his order perfectly jotted down as follows:
Two pumps of white mocha here, then add five pumps of vanilla. That should take us to this line here where you’re gonna add cold heavy cream up to this ridge here ... it should be halfway between this line and this line. Make sure to add the heavy whipping cream before the espresso; it changes the taste if you do it out of order. Then add your four shots — three regular and one long shot. That long shot is important, since you guys reformulated your machines, it’s been hell trying to get my drink right. That long shot helps balance it

Not much of a nice guy
Are we going to ignore the part where the customer said he wasn't picky, after he wrote a paragraph of instructions on his cup?

"Then he "draws lines and arrows and writes all over the cup," instructing Halsey to get his order perfectly jotted down as follows:"

He sounds like an douche
Don't worry, with 7 pumps of sweetener, he won't see too many more free birthdays at this rate!
I'm no barista, but it doesn't sound that complicated, especially if its your everyday job, and he gets the same thing every day, have the cup and the pen ready and on the counter as he walks up, let him do his thing, take the cup, make it the same way you did yesterday, and stop crying

you'll have lot of practice, he's coming back 364 more times this year
The guy gets a venti white chocolate mocha with heavy cream instead of milk EVERYDAY. There is no way he is not morbidly obese.
But then he has to go to Starbucks.
Dumb idea. You have to load at least 5 dollars on each card. So he paid 5 bucks for a free drink. Unless I'm missing something it doesn't make sense. 
How exciting for him, he gets to drink Starbucks crap every day for free. Woo... hoo.
But then he has to be the guy who comes in every day to a place where everyone is quietly saying, "Here comes that cheeky cunt with the greeting cards."
Are you trying to tell me that nobody at Starbucks questioned his age? I mean he must be ancient to have that many birthdays!
Imagine if he put this much effort into not being a total douche. 

Also, I'll have a grande medium roast. No room for cream, thanks!
Aaaaand this is how you get Starbucks to discontinue their free-drink-birthday program. 
I slightly did something similar.  A local chain, no need to mention the name, had an online birthday club.  You email them your name/birthday, and they maily a coupon for a free sandwich.  I had a coupon showing up every 3 weeks or so.  Then they stopped it and new policy is show you ID for a free sandwich on your exact birthday.
I bought a coffee pot and did the same thing for much cheaper. 
Can somebody explain why people go crazy over Starbucks?  
  
In Australia it went bust because we already had a cafe culture so everybody avoided the McDonalds of coffee.  
  
Sorry but never seen the appeal...  
Dude, my friend show me this CRAZY life hack! All you need to do is go to the store, right, and pickup this super cheap stuff many people don't know about called "coffee grounds." 

Then...*and this is the best part*...make your coffee in the morning before you go out and about!!! xD

This one simple trick will save you monies and will make DOCTORS HATE YOU! [Click here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) now to find some user testimonies of this **INSANSE** life hack!!!
Waiting for some to do the math on how long it would take him to turn a 'profit'
How do you keep track?
haha, that is so cool!
By the third month wouldn't the employees notice this guy has A TON OF BIRTHDAYS. 
You would poop so much money assuming he lives more than one drink can be more than $5, he only has to go way up the chain before someone big enough makes a decision.
Some businesses/people really need to know when to "fire the customer."
What did he do on February 29?
 In the same store?
doesn't matter. it's like 365 people each having a free drink. Doesn't matter all 365 are each having a free drink or one having 365 drinks. You still paying for the card, which is the whole idea  of free drink promotion 
So no free coffee on Feb. 29th next year for him...
good try, $tarbucks
That's not a coffee he orders
so does he have to go to a different starbucks everyday? i usually go to the same handful of stores. i'd be pretty fucking embarrassed pretending it's my birthday 4+ days a week at the same starbucks. those baristas get to know their regulars pretty well
Who tf goes to Starbucks for their birthday
Sounds like a logistical nightmare.
No, no he didn't. 
Starbucks should start verifying birthdates on driver's licenses and fuck this guy over royally. I know I would if I was the guy who had to make him a free coffee every single day.
Wouldn't he have to carry around 365 cards?
I wonder if he knows just how much spit he is drinking per year...
&gt; Mr. X then asks Halsey to ring it up as "one quad espresso, add white mocha, sub vanilla, sub heavy cream" so it's $3 instead of $6.50.

But... it's his free birthday drink. Why would that matter?
[That's a lot of sugar](http://imgur.com/EjhPuW1.jpg)
"I'm not picky" 
But why does he care if it comes up $3 instead of $6.50 if he gets it free anyway?!?!
I feel like I heard this story about a year ago from a redditor in a askreddit post about annoying customers.  I don't know how to find it though, but it was this exact thing
And I just cashed in my free drink today...
Big fucking deal...
They can refuse his business at any time. Allowing him to continue this is their decision. 
I can barely remember where I put my wallet, let alone 365 cards. 
but he also has to keep track of which card is for which day. I mean it doesn't sound that hard but it is a lot of work to keep things in order and remember each day to take out the card for the next day. It's like putting dishes in the sink vs in the dish washer. 
I am not sure if that's what you get, really.
This is exactly why we can't have cool things anymore.  There's always that guy that has to ruin it for everyone.
Alternate headline:
Area man finally gets money's worth at Starbucks
I remember I theoretically thought up of this a few months ago.
It's a cup of fucking coffee...
Would not be surprising if we see a news headline in a few weeks reading: "Barista poisons customer's drink because he came in too often"
I blame the fucking red cup. 
&gt;We should point out that while Mr. X did indeed seem to find a Starbucks hack, don't feel inclined to follow in his footsteps. A move like this could be considered fraud.  
  
Then why the hell is the employee complaining? Deny the guy over fraud if it's such a big deal.
This article screams bullshit.  Her article history is all clickbait.
But this also means he goes to a different Starbucks everyday? Or is he okay looking like a complete asshole at his local place?
I knew there was a loophole here, but too bad I'm not a big enough asshole to find it.
That guy sounds like the worst person ever.
nice
Birthday fraud! Fuck thæt
Or if ur just nice to the staff they'll give you free shit all the time
Obviously fake
I feel physically ill just reading the title.
This sounds like great business for starbucks since (obviously) people would never go there that often in a year.
[deleted]
Does he go to 365 different star bucks?
This guy also has probably been drinking decaff espresso if he pulled this stunt and only attends 1 store or the same series of stores.
[Relevant](https://youtu.be/LpPPJyEGigs?t=20)
Good for him. 
Well I get 1 free burger a month with red robin cards and it doesn't cost me a damn thing to get them lol.
Just set up multiple accounts online and use the starbucks app on the phone. Free, just need 366 email addresses.
I find it difficult to take this post seriously. If the barista (or manager) at this store seems suspicious of this behavior (ie a birthday drink every day), a simple request for ID would put an immediate stop to this. I have no idea why these employees are willingly giving him a 'birthday' drink every day.  Also, claiming that the 'malfunctioning app' earns him a free drink out of inconvenience... that can really only be a thing 2 or 3 times....not every day.

EDIT: Also.... its STARBUCKS for fuck sake. get a life. honestly.  (this is directed at the customer, not OP).
What about leap years?
What about leap years?
What happens when he's half way threw and mixes the cards up? I can see him swiping card after card looking for the one with the free drink. 
And this is why we can't have nice things.
People actually believe these tabloid articles?

Merry Christmas.
Didn't read all of these comments but doesn't this entire method rely on you just hoping star bucks doesn't decide to actually start checking IDs or something when you tell them it's your birthday? Not to mention if you go to the same star bucks everyday and say it's your birthday I feel like it wouldn't take long for them to catch on there goes whatever money you didn't already spend of your $1800 or whatever 
I didn't do quite this but a few months ago Dunkin had an offer where you could get $5 free for registering for DD perks on your phone. I happened to have access to several devices so i signed up on a bunch, for $5 on 8 accounts, plus set my birthday to random days during the year. Randomly they sent me 8 surveys this year which each came with a free medium coffee. Plus the free birthday coffees, plus they sent out a free coffee coupon to dd perks members phone app, which gave me 8 coupons that work just like the birthday ones!
What about leap years?
Dont they check your ID?
I don't understand how he can ask the employees to ring it up incorrectly so he gets it for free. Literally, there is no reason they should be letting him do what he does.
I don't know those new starbucks holiday cups aren't festive enough. If I don't have something as majestic as the mona lisa of christmas on the side of my cup I will have post a bad yelp review.... :p
Former barista here, I remember people would always try to outsmart us in order to get something "free." Corporate would always side with the customer though, for example: we had people who would come in with fake cupons, they "got in an email," for free drinks. Even though they were fake and at some point a lot of people were using these cupons, guidance was to honor them.
Hardest part is to go to a different starbucks all the time
I hate this article every time I see it because fuck people like that. Right up the bumhole. With a rusty shovel, handle end first, so they cut their hands pulling it out.

xoxo a barista
I have two red robin rewards cards and get two free birthday burgers a year. But i didn't go out of my way to get them, i found the second one. 
/r/ThatHappened
knowing that the markup on starbucks coffee is like 300% or more, i think i can guess who made money on that "life hack"
Or you can sign up for a digital card and get it without paying anything
The best is when he writes these incredibly detailed and specific directions, and then says "I'm not picky". 
Hero.
Not true, you need a minimum number of transactions to get a birthday drink.
/r/Frugal_Jerk 
Man, this guy's a real tool. He's one of the few people I think actually deserve... [the South Park treatment.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDlR_ccnZww)
You would have to keep track of every single card... seems like far too much effort
And Starbucks sold 365 cards for the price of a cup of coffee a day
Something no one pointed out is that he has to keep track of 365 different cards. Also a complicating factor - you have from 3 days before your birthday until your birthday to use a birthday reward, so if you miss s day, that card goes into the file for another year. 
Also all of the analysis here ignores the opportunity cost of money.   How long can he keep this up?  It seems like the break even point is at least 2 years. 
This is why I can't have nice things.
I want to know how he went to the same Starbucks or handful of Starbucks and convinced them it was his birthday every single day.
Sooo, doesn't he have to visit 365 different locations now so they don't get wise?
I'm all for stealing from Starbucks but forcing someone to make you an overly complicated drink makes you a piece of shit.
Here's how I missed that.
Register unlimited mypanera cards to get unlimited free pastries 
Sounds like an a-hole.

"I'd like an unbelievably complicated drink because my refined pallet needs to taste the nuance of each flavor of corn syrup.  It's okay though, right?  I mean you make 40k a year as a barrista, so you're obviously well compensated for my being a huge pain in the ass."
As a former Starbucks employee, fuck the people who ask to write on their own cups.
ITT: People who can't do math...
People are cunts.
Wait a minute...couldnt the barista call BS on this? I mean theres only so many Starbucks near him that would make it worth it to go get a drink free (others would be too far: ex. gas n shit)

The guy cant just go to the same Starbucks every week for a birthday drink before they get pissed and check ID.
Wouldn't he need a different email address for each card?
Good luck for your health.
I think the best way to do this is to register for a day of the week or rotate the days every week or something. To eat and drink starbucks every day....... eugh.
This is why we can't have nice things...
But what if it was leap year!?!?
Do you like decaf coffee? Because this is how you get decaf coffee.  
(Another great way is to complain about your red cup.)
"Let's see... February 1st?"

*Flips furiously through a portfolio*

clever girl.
Except February, 29!
By the end of it, his resting heart rate would sound like the drum solo from Wipeout.
I'm surprised a life insurance company didn't do it anyway just for the PR value of being the life insurance company of the astronauts.
Some Apollo astronauts also took stamps on their missions to sell as having "been on the moon" when they got back. I think one or two of them actually got in trouble for it if i remember correctly. 

Edit: source - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo_15_postage_stamp_incident
Pretty sure the government would have sorted their families out.
Yeah this is not true. The astronauts had plenty of options for private life insurance, but due to regulations the government wasn't allowed to pay for the unaffordable high premiums. Travelers Insurance ended up writing policies for the astronauts in the end with third parties covering the premiums. 

"For Apollo 11, the Travelers Insurance Co, of Hartford, Conn. approached the astronaut office offering to provide their insurance, with the premiums being paid for by two Houston firms, the Austral Oil Company and the Cullen Central Bank. According to Earl Bells, a manager at Travelers' Houston office who set up the Apollo 11 insurance policy, Neil Armstrong forbade any publicity about this deal."

Source: http://spaceflownartifacts.com/flown_apollo_insurance_covers.html#footnote
Seems like a good plan, but I've watched Pawn Stars enough to know that any signature that's easy to get isn't worth anything.
Growing up, I remember thinking that being an astronaut was the epitome of success. If this is true; that being employed by NASA couldn't afford you enough for an astronaut's life insurance policy, then I am more sad now than when Simba's father died. 
I bet the premiums were out of this world.
I wonder if the old world explorers had insurance
I can't get past the line that says the astronauts couldn't afford astronaut life insurance.

How fucked up is that?
Wouldn't hundreds of autographs sort of ruin the value of selling one? 
Its 400k life insurance the government only gives you 100k if you die so it comes out 500k,  @ 29$ month
So its basically life insurance.
I'm surprised some insurance company didn't gift it to them as it would get great PR
NASA should give life insurance. If we can give 3 billion/year to Isr then we can insure our astronauts.
I'm pretty sure there's one of these in my father's old stuff. Now I need to go through all the crap I've saved.
I recall there was a setup to send letters to the carrier that retrieved them for being stamped as momentos. I was 10 yo then and sure I still have it.
yeah, I'd buy the shit out of a Gus Grissom autograph sign on Jan 26 '67
This is the most American thing I've ever read. Couldn't afford insurance, but their jobs were likely to kill them, so they decided if the worst happens their wives could utilize the market for celebrity memorabilia. 
Oh boy don't let the NCAA find out
Poor Michael Collins' family
capitalism at its finest.
YSK about r/Apollo
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/apollo] [Link to \/r\/TIL: The astronauts aboard Apollo 11 couldn't afford the life insurance policy for an astronaut, so they hatched an alternate plan. Prior to their mission, the three signed hundreds of autographs while under quarantine for their families to sell if anything were to happen to them.](https://np.reddit.com/r/apollo/comments/3ruex2/link_to_rtil_the_astronauts_aboard_apollo_11/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
You'd think NASA would make sure the families were taken care of. 

Edit: Grammerz
What a load of shit this story is. They all would've been covered under the SGLI.
This will get buried, but I was just at the museum of Flight auction where Neil Armstrong's sold for $150k. It was a very generous donation by his son. Also, saw Kenny G and Tom Skerrit call sign "Viper". 
Pretty sure the government would have sorted their families out.
true or not the idea is genius thanks for posting
Dafuq? Out of the tens of billions spent on the program, NASA couldn't budget in some life insurance? 
God almighty - no insurance company would step the hell up?  Nor the government?  Really?  "Hi, this is the US Gov't.  Please risk your life in space.  If you die, fuck your family.  kthnx"
Excuse me for thinking that sounds like a myth. They spent $109 billion dollars (adjusted for inflation) and you're proposing they couldn't afford a life insurance policy.
This could be a good life pro tip
I don't understand how they wouldnt have some sort of government/DOD health insurance?
Surely *one* autograph would have sold better, being the *only* one, than 300 combined. 
They were quarantines *before* the flight?  Why?
This could be a good life pro tip
Shouldn't NASA have payed for this?
Why does the article say "two hundred and 14"? Why not just 214?
Why wasn't the insurance payed by NASA?
Mark Whatney should have done that...
God bless Murika
Why is it such a big deal? It's not like they have to pay out a tremendous settlement because these people died, isn't it just that theres a greater chance of death? Like, in the worst case scenario, wouldn't they just simply be paying out a couple policies, something that shouldn't make them bat an eye?
I guess Bee Mating Season has started.

Wow, do you have that charted or do you observe flight patterns or something?

Nope. *I heard it coming.*
Man, this is exactly the reason I refuse to have sex with Scarlett Johansson. 
[I don't know what I expected](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20TiUy-pH-o&amp;spfreload=10)
&gt;[Drone] abdomen [are] stouter than the abdomen of workers or queen. Although heavy bodied, drones must be able to fly fast enough to accompany the queen in flight.

&gt;Drones will die off or are ejected from the hive by the worker bees in late autumn, and do not reappear in the bee hive until late spring.

&gt;Drones fly in abundance in the early afternoon and are known to congregate in drone congregation areas a good distance away from the hive.

&gt;Mating between a single drone and the queen lasts less than 5 seconds, and it is often completed within 1-2 seconds

And here are some fun bee dick facts:

&gt;The leftover penis remaining in the queen’s vagina is referred to as the “mating sign”. 

&gt;The plug will not prevent the next drone from mating with the same queen, but may prevent semen from flowing out of the vagina.[3]

[And here's a bee dick](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bc/Drone_honey_bee_reproductive_organ-_penis_bulb.JPG/300px-Drone_honey_bee_reproductive_organ-_penis_bulb.JPG).

Edit: boring, irrelevant sentence removed.
What a terrible thumbnail. That's a varroa mite on a bee larvae. It's one of the things devastating bee colonies. 
 Oh my dirty queen. I think I'm about to.. I'm.. fuuuuuuck Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh myyyyyyy GOD! ^Splat





&gt; The explosion is so powerful, it's audible to human ears.

I'm not sure that's much to brag about. My neighbours can attest to the fact that my orgasms are too.
Death by snoo-snoo.
Literally bustin' a nut.
Imagine how much more effective sex education would have been if they would have lead with this line?  Why are we finding this out only now after hearing about the birds and the bees all these years?
I get soo tired of having to correct people that this is wrong.

The queen seeks out the male and making begins. Once the sperm has been deposited the queen uses her powerful hind legs to push the male off. This LITERALLY RIPS THE REPRODUCTIVE GLANS FROM THE MALE WHO THEN DIES FROM HIS WOUNDS.

Edit:soo

Source :bee keeper for several years.

Video source:

Watch it Fucking happen in slo motion
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tR7Nts42sYo

Doesn't matter, had sex.
If allowed to chose the manner of my own death, I'd chose this, blowing my dick off inside a queen. Human. Female. 
Couldn't resist that Bumblebee tuna.
My beehive is currently expunging the lazy drones who didn't manage to get busy during the mating season, leaving them to die in the cold. Life is harsh for a drone. Had sex? Dead. Didn't have sex? Dead anyway, poor bastard. Long live the hive.
Today I saw my first bee penis. 
wow i feel bad for anyone whos slept with beyonce
Waiting for the audio file....
This is what happens when you have sex with Oprah as well.
[This sounds familiar](https://youtu.be/Mqyi0Iv2CdI?t=26m26s)
Facts like this are why I stopped being religious. Either god created this system or it evolved. Either way I'm out. 
"Mating between a single drone and the queen lasts less than 5 seconds, and it is often completed within 1-2 seconds."
"The leftover penis remaining in the queen’s vagina is referred to as the “mating sign”. The plug will not prevent the next drone from mating with the same queen"
This wiki page is a goddamn comedic goldmine.
What a buzz kill.
That was  absolutely funniest shit I've read all day!
#relationshipgoals
Poor little guy doesn't know if he's coming or going.
Exactly how did this evolutionary track persist?
That's gotta sting.
[Seems necessary.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLcfl7rwGS8)
I am so grossed out, yet fascinated....a part of me wishes I never knew this, the other part of me is wondering what do as I enter this new chapter of my life. The part of my life where I continue on knowing what I know, having seen a close-up image of a bee's dick.


It's a brave new world for me.
VALHALLAAAAAA!
It only works if you find the B spot
See, these guys would have made The Bee Movie sooooooo much better.
Doesn't matter, had sex
There was scientist somewhere, a Highly paid scientist, that was able to afford a great house and support a family by waking up in the morning getting some coffee and sitting down to watch bees fuck. 
Queen be like "this pussy be so good you'll explode." 

Drone be like "prove it."
Basically what happens to me usually. Except my genitals don't actually explode nor do they go inside any other person. Also there is more crying.
talk about bustin a nut
r/natureismetal
She needs plan Bee
Doesn't matter, had sex
That's how I want to go out.
Now that's what I call busting a nut
Sounds like a surefire way of knowing he's not faking it. 
Nothing quite like coming and going at the same time.
Did that make anyone else a little hot and bothered?
It's beautiful in a way that those bees' last moments on earth are spent in the most intense bee-pleasure they have ever experienced.
So this is what the new Muse album is about...
Exploding genitals? DAMN!
Talk about busting a nut...
Sounds like a crazy Japanese anime.

"Once the endophallus has been everted, the drone is paralyzed, flipping backwards as he ejaculates."
All I can think of is Eddie Murphy talking about STDS getting tougher: "I don't know what's next; put your dick in and explode, I guess".
http://beemovieconfessions.tumblr.com/image/121684248695 relevant 
Bee orgies must sound like stepping on bubble wrap 
That's the way to go.

Reminds of the Louis C.K.  SNL opening joke about pedophiles. They wouldn't do it unless it felt *amazing.*
The use of 'so powerful' twice in the same paragraph caused me to read the entire thing in Terry Crews' voice.


TIL bees have sex. Did not think it worked that way. Thought it was just like, fertilizing some eggs the queen lays or some such.

Nice.
Same thing would probably happen to me if I got to fuck with my dream woman.
So glad I clicked on this
Cum-Boom!
Did i just seriously see a dick pic from a bee.... fucken hell the wonders of the internet 
Talk about bustin a honey nut!
^*pop*
Don't let /r/mensrights hear about this. 
Wow talk about busting a nut!
SNAP! CRACKLE! POP!
Death by snoo snoo
its 8:56 am here, i'm at work, starting my day......looking at bee dicks.
This is how I want to go out 
Too much gluten.
Niiiiiiceee.
and boom goes the dynamite.
Doesn't matter, had sex. 
that sounds so painful. DEATH BY SNU SNU!!
"Whats that?!"

"Oh, nothing, just some bee's dick exploding"
I guess...&amp;nbsp;

(•_•) / &amp;nbsp;

( •_•)&gt;⌐■-■ &amp;nbsp;

/(⌐■_■)&amp;nbsp;

they go out with a bang
[I had to post this.](http://i.imgur.com/xwXvHPz.jpg)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OI3-YslbFi4
Death by snu snu.
From TFA:

&gt; Because the male bee technically has only a mother, and no father, its genealogical tree is rather interesting. In the first generation there is one member (the male). One generation back there is also one member (the mother). Two generations back there are two members (the mother and father of the mother). Three generations back there are three members. Four back there are five members. That is, the numbers in each generation going back are 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, ...  – the Fibonacci Sequence.[1]

Mind. Blown.

Now that's what I call....









Going out with a......

Bang.  B)
Hope he at least got buzzed first.
It's been so long since I had sex, I am now a drone bee.
"Best 30 seconds of my life"

*literally*
Funniest factoid I've read today
He lived his entire life for that one moment...
Dam son
till male bee's are living that thug life.
Seems like the queen is homey potting the male. 
Lmao.
worth it.
Man that chick'll blow your dick off...
Not a bad way to go. RIP Male bees.
Now that's a first and last sex every drone bee will ever have. Another reason why I'm proud to be a human.
Nice. 
So that makes the queen bee-coming then.  
Like if Charlie Sheen was a bee.
You could say he went out with a bang..
One can only hope to go out this way.
Have you ever had pussy so good your dick literally exploded?
Did you just hear something?
WoW !!
Sploosh!
me_irl
Tough call
I'd love to be walking with John Witherspoon next to a beehive just to hear that tiny pop and then hear him yell at the top of his lungs "Yeeeah boy!"
I can't tell from my phone, but is the thumbnail of a Varroa mite?
BOOM, Cumshot!
*Goes out with a bang*
me irl
DEATH BY SNOO-SNOO!
same
That must bee very painful.
Man ..they have literally different meaning of oh my god...oh my God..oh my GGGOOOOODDDD
This is probably one of my favorite TILs ever.
I did that once
POW! RIGHT IN THE KISSER!
One sec honey, i just need to shift this in high gear.
This kills the bee
Doesn't matter, had sex
I had a night like that once.
I know that feel bee bro.
OK there has to be a sound clip of this somewhere...ya know, for science...
Maybe [this guy](http://imgur.com/KmpbzlE) was part Bee?
Glad that's not just me then.
TIL I'm a drone bee, bitch.
I wonder if the bee knows he's going to die but carries on nobly for the good of the hive.
whoa...sure is rough being a boy bee...
Power is not a goal one should have in life.
Hell, that's how I would want to go.
No sex or sex and your dick explodes? Tough choise.
Neat!
The same thing happens when a guy who has never masturbated before loses his virginity.
What a way to go out
That's how I wanna go out.
Alright then. Challenge accepted.
Not sure why I'm so weirded out hearing bee penis.
Talk about a way to go out!
Wow, I didn't know that either.  There are worse ways to go out of this world.
dear diary today i saw a bee dick.
... And boom goes the dynamite.
Imagine an alternate world where that happens to humans.
WELP
Thus, the term "ballbuster"
I too am watching through Hannibal at the moment!
So by the end of its life cycle, how many drone dicks does an average queen have inside it?
.....worth it
***(poof)***

O_O

*RIP bee balls*
that's how i want to go out
In the first sentence of the wiki, I read it as "Drones are male *horny* bees"
The insect OG Mudbone
'Best nut of my life' species award?
what does it mean by "drone"  bee? 
Doesn't matter. Still had sex.
Am I the only one who winced when I read that?
weirdest dick pics ever
Wow, that's hardcore. 
So...he " combusted a nut"
Fuck!!! Im cuming! Nooooo!!
Metal.
This is the kind of factoid that a Tom Robbins character would say to another.
*[insert punchline about ex-wife]*
That must feel amazing.
Bees have penises??
Talk about bustin' a honey-nut.

Amirite??
Ahhh, thats how I wanna go.
The thumbnail looks like a tit.
Doesn't matter had sex
The hell were you even researching to end up there, OP?
Ewwwwwwwww eww.. ...... Being immature is hard
POP POP!
"Ahhh yeah. Ahhh yeah. Ahhhhhhhhhhhh fuck!" 


"FUCK!!!!"
I'm pretty sure that was taken from Legend of the Overfiend.
"Did you finish?"
Something has to be incorrect. I learned on the Steel TIL that every TIL is only particularly true.
Now I want to hear a drone bee's dick-bursting orgasm sound. 

Anyone have this? 
If only this were posted yesterday, I wouldn't have missed that trivia crack question last night...
Could i achieve this kind of blastgasm? If my cock popped would it like, shatter windows? So many questions...
Well, I guess the queen literally popped his cherry.
Great! Just great! Now I'll have to go jerk off a bee... For science...
Doesn't matter had sex
I told you not to cum inside me!
What a honeymoon...
Poor bastards.
RIP
Someone...please...scour the internet! Find me a recording of it happening I want to hear it!
Results of a fMRI study of heartbroken individuals indicate that when the subjects looked at and discussed their rejecter, they trembled, cried, sighed, and got angry, and in their brains these emotions triggered activity in the same area associated with physical pain.
Another study that explored the emotional-physical pain connection compared fMRI results on subjects who touched a hot probe with those who looked at a photo of an ex-partner and mentally relived that particular experience of rejection.
The results confirmed that **social rejection and physical pain are rooted in exactly the same regions of the brain** So when you say you’re “hurt” as a result of being rejected by someone close to you, you’re not just leaning on a metaphor. As far as your brain is concerned, the pain you feel is no different from a stab wound.
Texting is the worst
That's why "the silent treatment" is considered abuse
I read that to my SO and she immediately responded "Oh, I'm sorry."
Is this why kids bug their mothers so much
My wife tortures me.
"But romance isn’t the only thing that stimulates increases in dopamine and its rocketlike path through your reward system. Nicotine and cocaine follow exactly the same pattern: Try it, dopamine is released, it feels good, and you want more—you are in a “goal-oriented motivational state.” " 

I dont think I'm willing to try coke to test this  
Well, good thing I'm not close to anybody! :D..... I'm so lonely....
[deleted]
I met a girl online and we've had a couple good dates, but we're probably not a match. I KNOW THIS but the fact that she hasn't responded to my last email is killing me. Scumbag brain at work.
Can confirm, have ex wife.
Gf just broke up with me and even though she said it wasn't me, and that she didn't want any hard feelings, not being able to talk like we used to is killing me. I was just thinking today how much it feels like I'm in physical pain.
Linked this to my wife. She ignored it.
Nah, physical pain is a lot less bad
And, what's more, paracetamol can actually help soothe emotional pain. 
And speaking from experience, it hurts more when it's your own fault.
Yeah, I've never actually brought it up to anybody before but I do physically feel this. You know how people say, they feel "a pang of guilt" or something like that? I get that exactly where my heart is when I'm feeling super lonely/depressed/ignored. Like my heart is physically heavier and throbs the way a cut does. 

Basically, it's a minor discomfort that exacerbates my sadness exponentially :(
Notice me senpai...
This thread is heavy.  I like it.  
Just wait until ignoring someone is considered "emotional assault" punishable by law.
You hear that, husband?!
is this the reason why women would rather 'go away' and not see the person they're infatuated with? I mean, i've experienced this before, and I've noticed women/girls would go take a different class, move to a different job, or just go away.
I didn't need a study to tell me that. 😔
I wish I couldn't confirm this from experience
As someone who got dumped last night, I really needed to read this. 
How the fuck am I supposed to share this?  Like the person that I feel this from actually gives a shit... They are doing it on purpose
So if there is a psychopath whose perception of receiving attention is a reaction of overt fear from the other person, would this result in the psychopath feeling "pain" (or the psychopathic equivalent of pain) until inflicting misery on someone else? Would this motivate stalking behaviors? I can't help but think that in a brain that does not operate correctly this could lead to the false sense of victimization in psychopaths.
&gt; Nicotine **and cocaine** follow exactly the same pattern: **Try it**, dopamine is released, it feels good, and you want more—you are in a “goal-oriented motivational state.”

I initially misread that as a nudge from the writer of the article to go and try nicotine and cocaine for yourself, to see that it really does feel just like love.
I bet /r/exnocontact could benefit from this article. 
The hurt is real and it lingers really long...
**CAN CONFIRM**
My SO just ignored me telling this to her.
Fuck.
Eventually you learn the trick, you learn to stop wanting. It takes a long time and I don't think it ever fully works but making peace with it beats pining away forever.
I know that pain all too well. I am someone with a lot of love to give and to have it brushed off and rejected or even seen as irritating only breaks your heart more every time. What's worse is its someone you're in a relationship with and living with. Who wouldn't be hurt if every time their boyfriend came home from work they were grouchy and refused to speak or aknowledge you when all you want to do is be happy to see them. It is what ruined my last relationship. He learned far too late what he was doing. Be kind to the person who cares about you the most, or you just might lose them.
This shit is real. 
But if I just ignore her I will feel no pain, right? 
What if that person is who means the most to you is reddit and you have been shadow banned?   There could be some poor sucker who doesn't know he's been shadow banned and is hurting so bad everyone is ignoring him!
Being on the receiving side of the, "I'm done with you, and I want a divorce," can confirm.
NOTICE ME, SENPAI, NOTICE ME! 
Totally. My best friend of 5 years got a boyfriend this year, and slowly stopped talking to me, and now no longer responds to any form of contact. I swear I have a permanent buzzing in my head from this messing me up so bad.
This explains SO much.
I know this personally as a fact
This is actually true of all social rejection, even when strangers reject you. The study that founded this idea was by Dewall et al.(2010) and they found that people react to being discluded by strangers in an online ball-throwing game the same way that they respond to physical pain. they also found that taking paracetamol reduced the 'pain' of rejection by reducing the activation of pain areas in the brain
That explains why seeing my ex after she broke up with me at game night kills me.
This was very useful, human. Thank you for this information of your species.
This explains ALOT.
This explains a lot! Haha
This explains soooo much.  
My husband will never understand this
Pshaw
Can confirm that someone I hold in very high regard (academic adviser from back in college) stopped responding to me suddenly and didn't meet me to catch up before I moved, and hasn't responded to the e-mail I sent after. Hurts like hell thinking she legit stopped thinking of me as a friend.
Saving
Every time this is posted it makes me remember going through this. :(
And here i was thinking i got over been rejected by the girl i had a massive crush on and ruining our friendship. CURSE YOU OP!!
Been there, can confirm.
Thanks for the reminder, OP.
I'll agree with that. Get ignored a lot by my wife and yep hurts like a SOB!
Oh, so thats why being rejected literally feels like being kicked in the balls
Thank you. My mother gives me the silent treatment all the time. In fact, she's giving me the silent treatment right now because she got offended by something I posted on Facebook. It hurts like hell. 

It also hurts when you apply for a job you're really interested in and you get nothing but radio silence from them. 
I guess it's nice to put science behind it but anyone who has been dumped by someone they love already knows this.  I deal with chronic muscle pain and the pain of rejection engulfed it.  The only pain I've felt worse was having bones broken and a kidney stone.... and that one time I sat on my nuts.  

I'm just saying it is an unpleasant sensation.  
Somebody has obviously never pissed of their significant other before. 
LPT: acetaminophen eases heartbreak pain. 

LPT: acetaminophen is one of the most toxic commercially available products designed for human consumption. 

http://time.com/3825042/tylenol-emotion-acetaminophen/

http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2014/03/26/acetaminophen-overdose.aspx
Notice me sempai! 
This is why people do not mean anything to me.

People are just human resources.
It is not fun. 
Yep :(
"I'd rather dissolve than have you ignore me." - MGMT "Congratulations"
I believe it. 
Can attest
God thing I stopped caring about most people :).... :(
god damn
Fuck you brain!!!!!  Stop messing with my emotions!
Lobotomies for everyone!
I always kinda knew this though.... whenever i feel any negative emotion my heart actually gets painful.
As someone who *survived* a divorce, (and yes, I chose that word deliberately) I can confirm that this is true. At least anecdotally.
And so when in pain you take Tylenol and it gets better http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2015/04/16/399810896/tylenol-might-dull-emotional-pain-too
  
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20548058
Mum..?
Can confirm positive :(.
Can confirm. Feels like painful withdrawals. 
No fucking shit.
Pain is resistance to the environment thats it
disassociated Jehovah's Witness here. Tell me about it. 
That's rejection, but this is close enough I guess.
all too familiar
As some one with borderline personality disorder, the title seems comforting 
I much rather getting punched than that to happen so idk what you are saying 
Cue the violin.
Does this mean I care about nobody? Not so nice to realize...
I know this.
Cool.
I'm pretty sure the brain has only one reward and one punishment, electrochemically speaking. This is like saying sugar affects your brain the same way drugs do: true, but meaningless.
All I can say is fuck people who ignore others when conflict arises, especially significant others. 
Well, you know, when you are heartbroken because of relationships issues, you do feel hurt inside.
So that explains why my abusive father hurt me so bad. Intriguing! 
This.... ^
No wonder teeny boppers would be willing to pay $2000 to take a selfie with Bieber.  It's pain control.
Wow that's really interesting! 
Been through a heart wrenching breakup.  Been shot.  Been stabbed. Had painful surgeries. Broke bones.

I know the fMRI is a neat tool and shows us many things we didn't know before and opens up a world of possibilities for research, but equating emotional wounds with physical wounds is bullshit to the highest degree.

That's like equating chocolate milk with wine.  Both are delicious drinks, but orders of magnitude different in chemical make up, nutrients, texture, aroma, etc.
This is very interesting. 
... But I want to play Fallout 4, honey.  Not playing Fallout 4 is also painful.
This is some propaganda ass shit to make me hang out with my girlfriend instead of playing fallout 4
What I want to know is, is there an implication that physical pain includes an emotional element? When you feel physical pain, are you also supposed to experience some kind of associated emotion? I ask because I have not felt an emotion associated with physical pain since I was at least 13 years old. I'm emotionally indifferent to physical pain. To me physical pain is mechanical, and my reaction to it is to remain calm, and try to fix whatever is causing the pain. It's not a trained or forced reaction either. It's completely natural to me. My mind automatically, and effortlessly goes calm and emotionally indifferent to physical pain.
Seriously, these are my worst nightmares. I'll have a dream my SO just decides he doesn't give a shit about me. I'll just wake up crying but he's always there to tell me it's just a bad dream and then cuddles me back to sleep. He truly is the most amazing person I know. We've been together for 6 years and i am currently 12 weeks pregnant with our first (: 
Thanks Berkeley for what I learned in 3RD GRADE!
Is this why Morphine was so fucking good after this happened to me?
Haha, no. Morphine's just fucking good regardless.
This explains a lot
Today you learned this?

Man I could of told you this last week. 
.
...and this is why my kids get punished when they don't pay attention to what I say. 
repost
these comments are pathetic, bunch of people whining about girls.... can you imagine these feelings you have if they were the result of your father.... 
This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
&gt; ...the snack used in lieu of hard cash in paying North Korean Worker bonuses. North Korean workers at the Kaesong Industrial Complex in North Korea receive choco pies as part of their compensation. Prior to the closing of the complex during the 2013 Korean crisis, workers received up to 20 choco pies per day in addition to their wages. The workers would often resell the pies on the black market. in the wake of the 2013 shutdown of the Kaesung complex, the price of a choco pie in North Korea skyrocketed, with the snack being the subject of financial speculation. After the complex resumed operations after a five-month halt, workers were cut back to a maximum of two choco pies per day.

I would never have thought a snack would sound that important. 
My korean friend would always have a chocopie or two in his lunchbox back in highschool
Had to borrow them for gastronomic research
Honey buns are [used as currency](https://www.prisonlegalnews.org/news/2011/jul/15/the-incredible-honey-bun-behind-bars/) in many US prisons.
For non Koreans, Choco Pie is like the Korean Twinkie in terms of cheap cake snack included in kids lunches. It tastes like a Moon Pie but with more marshmallow filling 
Moon pie and an RC Cola (in a glass bottle) was the big thing when I was a kid.
Zebra cakes are where it's at. The profit margin is *huge*.
&gt;Additionally, it has become a favorite snack of North Korean workers at the Kaesong Industrial Complex and has come to symbolize capitalism.

When the communists get overthrown in North Korea, I hope they make a new flag with a choco pie on it.
Hey, it was [a trip to an American grocery store](http://blog.chron.com/thetexican/2014/04/when-boris-yeltsin-went-grocery-shopping-in-clear-lake/) that contributed to *Yeltsin's shift toward embracing capitalism.

Let's start airdropping limited edition Oreos and see how much longer the people of North Korea are willing to let their government keep them isolated.  Sure the average citizen might think the US is nothing but a nest of repression and strife, but have you even tasted those cookies with the pumpkin spice filling?  Holy shit.
There's a film by South Korean film director Park Chan-wook called JSA. Two characters, one North Korean and one South Korean, both soldiers, are having a chat about the North Korean regime, when the South Soldier says:

"Brother, don't you want to come down South? You can eat choco pies til you burst! I mean, if you want to..."

The North Korean Soldier says, with suspense...

"I'm only going to say this once, so listen well.

My dream is...

One day our republic...

...

Will make the best damn sweets on the peninsula!"

Great film. You should watch it.
[deleted]
Those snacks are all over Asia; in Vietnam, it's really common to see a pile of them stacked on an altar as an offering to their ancestors, or Buddha. I never understood why, because they taste like plaster to me. 
Until Kim Jong Un confiscated them all for himself
What some people don't understand about markets is that markets are a force of nature.  You can't control them any more than you can control the ocean.  Markets always find away.

A brain surgeon is worth 10X more than a burger flipper at McDonald's.  You can pass a law that says the burger flipper and the brain surgeon must get paid the same amount but the market will always find a way to compensate the brain surgeon his true value.  When the white market is broken, the black market fixes things.

I'm not surprised.  If you served in the Korean Army, Choco Pie is the shit.
&gt;where the snack cake cost up to 9.50 USD per pie

[Per piiiiie...!] (http://33.media.tumblr.com/abd15a84fe087bf742e3a00111a464c5/tumblr_inline_n278d7Mvpx1s85jmp.jpg)
I feel so sorry for them
I'd assume a few of these Markets would have been raided and then the pies eaten by Kim Jong Un
I'm going to buy some kind of chocolate cake today because of this
Isn't this just the average pricing in any import store?

I live in the UK and like to buy imported American food. I have to sell my blood for a box of Reese's Puffs.
I too get Universal Yums.
I remember these being the driest things I ever ate. It's like they are hydrophobic. Always needed tall glass of milk to go with it. We called them by the brand name, Scooter Pies.
And here I am in Chattanooga, 10 minutes away from the Moonpie general store.
Someone should get them a pack of Ho-Ho's. They'd flip their shit.
Sounds like something you d see in Bethesda games. Like them skooma addicts or famous sweet roll
As a korean kid growing up on Choco Pie, this is the funniest shit ever.
My friends brother stabbed a guy over a choco taco in prison so i can see how this is possible. 
Aren't these the same as Wagon Wheels?
I could corner the RC market! 
Those Choco Pies are actually not bad.  I used to bring them to work as dessert.  Got them at the Korean store.
All of the Korean grad students I knew in college survived almost solely on these things.
Hmm, the same company do a way better cake with a deliquescent cream centre. I ate those all the time when I lived in China. I bet the North Koreans would pay at least $15.50 for one of those wondrous treats!
"Hey, Toot.  Give you a nickel for that moon pie."
I'm pretty sure they have a black market for nearly everything.

Except for, oddly enough [Marijuana](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/08/marijuana-in-north-korea_n_4067341.html).
Is there a documentary on this I can play on my TV for my kids?  I will buy a box of these before and then give them to the kids after they watch.

I have bought a box of the vanilla ones at a Korean Grocer near home.  I thought it was an American treat they liked to they sold it there, but I did not know it was that big of a treat.
Sounds like your average motorway service station....
My father-in-law got in trouble when he was stationed in Korea for selling spam on the black market, lol.
Thanks to Michelle Obama's Lunch Program this is also hard currency at most high-schools in America as well.
Zebra cakes are where it's at. The profit margin is *huge*.
One of my favorite story I've heard from a refugee in a interview was that they were told and shown pictures by the government if they touch Choco Pie their skins will melt and if they at Choco Pie they'll die.

This was NK's way of counteracting against the balloon drops of Choco Pie and other snacks SK people used to send. 

The refugee as a young boy found one of these balloon drops and saw the Choco Pies he heard of so much. Remembering what glorious Kim Jun Ill taught the people, he carefully picked up one of the wrapped pies with the sleeves of his shirt and went to his neighbors where there was a mean dog that used to always bark at him and his friends.

Being a devious child that he was, the boy carefully unwrapped the Choco Pie--shaking as he does it in fear of being burned--and tossed it to the dog.

The dog sniffed the chocolate pie and happily gobbled it up. 

The boy watched in confusion and thought perhaps the poison takes longer on dogs.

As minutes turned to an hour, the boy realized that glorious Kim Jung Ill was a lie and this day would become his motivation to escape North Korea in his adulthood.

All because of Choco Pie. 
Choco Pies don't even taste very good.

I should bring a couple cases of snickers over there and make millions.


When I was a Marine back in the '80s, we would show up twice a year to the same general area, along with the 7th Fleet, to do the spring and winter dog &amp; pony shows, Team Spirit and Bear Hunt, essentially flexing our muscles all along the DMZ for a few weeks, to show the North that we hadn't forgotten about them.

Anyways, as we would travel along the gravel paths and 2-lane roads they call highways, we were followed by S. Korean farmers who were guaranteed to have a few things at the ready, to secure their yearly income: the forms necessary to submit a claim for reimbursement to the US Gov't for tearing up their roads and fields, their daughters (or someones' daughters), for hire to, um, make us tea, and these Choco Pies. There was also a great fortified grape wine called "Crown" that would make Mad Dog run and hide under the porch.

I love Korea.
joe louis's !!!
Bleugh
So its like weed for kim, and when they do raids they turn off the cameras and eat it all
It's funny that due to japan's policy's they are quite literally overflowing with grain.  Meanwhile the Noth korean people live in shacks.  I don't expect the regime to fall anytime soon not with falling fuel prices 
I'd do some weird shit for a Choco Pie.
This is the cutest thing.  
TIL North Korea is inspired by pre 1990's India
Looks like a Tennessee Moonpie.
Choco pie? You mean moon pie? 
Looks like a much nicer Wagon Wheel!
I heard chocotacos go for double that price.
Choco pie? That looks like a moon pie to me.
Whenever I think of Choco Pies and Korea I just think of [The Way Home](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Way_Home_(2002_film\)).
These look exactly like MoonPies. I wonder how much they differ?
I wonder how much a packet of butterscotch krimpets would go for?
I bet Choco tacos are like black tar heroin...
The next hot commodity for North Korea are gonna be Nuka Cola bottle caps. 
If someone in North Korea is eating all the pies, we know who that is!
They hate us for our Choco Pies.
I've had one when my coworkers at Samsung constantly rave about it. I didn't like it at all :/ it tasted like a bland version of oreo cake(?). Never understood the hype around it. 
Made a choco-pie sub at r/chocopies
Choco Pie is best Pie!
wages (let's assume $10 a day) plus 20 choco pies a day = $200 a day in wages. Not bad.
What's the penalty for being caught with it?
Choco Pies are delicious. Always loved grabbing a box from the store when I lived in South Korea. Hell, most of the chips, snacks, and dessert snacks tasted better than the stuff here in the states imo.
Regional names yes everybody, 'moonpies' or some Canadians know 'Jos Louis' or someone else 'Wagon Wheels' and another Choco Pies and etc.

Strangely, these are the one Western style snacks absolutely everywhere in China including all Jilin and near the N.Korean border. In every supermarket and cornerstore. 

Often in English its the 'Orion Choco-Pie' btw. So the OP is the most correct as I'm assuming thats the brand most likely there and I can only guess maybe in South Korea too.

*there are also Chinese knock-offs which I consider tasteless frauds of the already subpar Orion Choco-pie in my taste buds subjetive opinion. Id nearly kill for real Jos.Louis at this point*
Wow.
I've had a Choco pie . They're not that great . I think the cookie part is too dry. I think I saw them at the 99cent store the other day.
Los Angeles Dodgers fan here: Choco Pies are so-so.
"Had"
Only two choco pies per day? I always demand at least ten just to speak with a potential employer.
Do ball parks count as black markets? If so there a pretty screwed up black market in the US for staples like nachos and beer.
I don't blame them. That shit is like crack
Choco pies are like cocaine 
Time to take my choco pie business to North Korea. 
I guess Kim Jong-Un ate many of them then.
Who are the buyers though? If the rich people with good jobs sell them who are the people buying
Come on man... Just lemme get a pie... Ill suck yo dick!
Ah.  I always wondered where all of Kim Jong un's digested food goes.  Was the shortage around the time he lost weight?
reading some comments here, i think i should try this chocopie
The Korean guy who does my smog check gives you a free choco pie. 


Favorite part of the year. 
You know a country is screwed up when a mediocre confectionary is like gold. I imagine a Cadbury Dairy Milk will net you an army
Choco pies aren't even that nice. The texture's so weird. Soft and extremely fragile for most of the inside and chewy right in the middle. 
Ahh yes communism. 
Still waiting for corporate America to make Goodnight Moon Pie a thing.


When I was in Korea i traded my MREs for a moon pie and a pepsi. I guess I made out pretty well.
I don't get this at all. I lived in Korea for two years and these things are really fucking average. 
Yep, they HAD a Choco Pie blackmarket. But they are probably dead by now.
Koreans love choco pies. South or north
Could it possibly be because Kim Jong Un eats them all?
I'm going to air drop crates of Choco Pie all over North Korea.
Fake choco pie!
North Korea is Fallout 4
What is the choco pie business?  I know it only as a moon pie.
Wat
Imagine: Korea's border... Caravans of mules are carrying contraband Choco Pies in the night... Plot for a new Bruce Willis action movie.
oh a moon pie
As the boyfriend of someone born in Sichuan, I am warned constantly never to buy these... Only to have whole boxes disappear  when they l do. 
I see you also get universal yums. 
No one tell them about Nutella, they'll lose their fucking minds.
It's crazy to think that shit like this happens everyday and it's never reported
who the fuck makes knock-off moon pies in the first place?
Damn cake cartels!
I had no idea people used terms other than 'MoonPies' for that piece of chocolately goodness. 

Heat it up in the microwave for 30 seconds and add an RC Cola into the mix and you are set. 
There's a scene in [J.S.A.: Joint Security Area](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0260991/) about this where soldiers from both sides are sitting down and this topic comes up and they go into it.  _JSA_ is a great movie too. By the same director that did the original Oldboy.
Poor bastards don't even realize they're just eating off brand Moon Pies.
With how bad their economy has been since the 90's, there is a real chance that black markets for stuff like radios and knock-off moonpies has actually been keeping economy going in any capacity.  
How do I get a N. Korean pen pal?

More importantly, how do I send them Choco Pies without my package getting intercepted?

I would love to just send someone a bunch of these.
I'd pay $10 if that was the only way.
This is a lesson for those on the side of the war on drugs. Make something hard to obtain, the prices go up and the black market for it grows. People do desperate and illegal things to acquire the illegal good, whether it be marijuana, cocaine or choco pies. I had a choco pie, it ain't that good.
North Korea has an extensive black market. It includes other S. Korean things like dramas and music. 


Choco pies though are fucking delicious. 
Our Korean neighbors gifted us a box of these for helping them clear their parking spots of snow last winter!

Man, they were tasty.
I used to love the ones with a marshmallow filling as a kid... ah, good times!! 
Choco Pies are quite popular in South Korea, I'm guessing any foreign snack food in general is gonna be price gouged in North Korea.
who the fuck calls them choco pies? 
It also has an underground DVD market for south Korean dramas, it's a different type of country and economy.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/hailcorporate] [TIL that this snack cake costs a lot in North Korea.](https://np.reddit.com/r/HailCorporate/comments/3tudoz/til_that_this_snack_cake_costs_a_lot_in_north/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-22383586

Here's a lovely article from the BBC about the choco pie blackmarket.
even better are chocolate covered Alfajores. 

or tim tams

or cadbury mallows

or moon pies
Do you have the stuff?
Forget Bitcoin - Choco Pie is my new favorite currency.
That's what 2.5% of their yearly wages for a single pie?   
(http://www.nknews.org/2014/03/how-much-money-do-north-koreans-make/) 

Or roughly 100-200% of weekly wages.  
For anyone who has never tried these: they look amazing but they're actually pretty meh.
This snack's name sounds like a half-ass name for a food item in a video game
Damn right they do.
Man, Twinkies must be worth millions over there.
sounds like LA.
Can't blame them. They're delicious
Really want one of those
They don't even taste that good.
Also, North Korea is back.
That's almost 50K a year to save up enough money to buy some kind of social democratic basic income.
Interesting name for a box of Reese's Puffs.
Why in the FUCK is strawberry choco pie only sold in Japan? GIVE IT TO ME!
Are these pretty much the same as "Moon Pies"?  We have a fucking parade in south Louisiana devoted to throwing these fuckers by the hundreds .....
I love these damn things. Not even Korean. 
Are these like [Moon Pies](http://www.candywarehouse.com/assets/item/large/chocolate-moon-pies-128547-im1.jpg)?
Here In North Korea we have many fat children..
I have to sell their buns to the kids after they watch.
I read that book without having any idea it was Moon pies and Cheerwine.
Off-put and put off mean the same company do a way to compensate the brain surgeon his true value.
&gt;North Korean workers at the Kaesong Industrial Complex in North Korea receive choco pies as part of their compensation.

Imagine that. Choco pies will stop the war.
Aren't these the same as Wagon Wheels?
I'm prison Mike and you don't know who to believe!
Lived in South Korea for two years and can confirm - -  Koreans love their choco pies.
sounds about right, they're all imprisoned, and stuff like cigarettes are worth a lot in prison. choco pie is cigarettes to north koreans.
You only have to work 30 years in a enslavement camp to earn that kind of money in the DPRK....well worth it for a little slice of heaven.
Wait, so in 2010 they were about $9.50 on the black market

workers received upwards of 20 a day (close to $200 daily in just pies)

THEN the complex shut down, causing the skyrocketed cost and folks only getting 2 a day.  

so...folks are making ~$200+/day in pies?  That's $25/hr in pies (for an 8hr day)

Sounds like someone is a pro at keeping things out of the country.  Buy pies for $3 box of 10...then sell for $100, so you make $97 on every box and the buyer can then "sell" them as overvalued trade items worth an inflated $9.50 which workers would receive as payment (and the work place only had to pay them pennies because..hey..$9.50 pies,right).  They were receiving a inflated $9.50 good that was really only worth about 30 cents, but due to restrictions in supply, it caused the market to shit like it did.  

Someone made a FUCK TON of money off of this. 
This was a cool TIL. Thanks! :)
Orion controls 2/3 of chinese snack market?

The way I see it,it should be glico from japan.
I live 25 minutes from the Chattanooga Moonpie Museum. https://moonpie.com/
okay I need a choco pie now 
Who the fuck pays nearly $10 for a moonpie? They are fucking terrible...WTF. I grew up in the region where those abominations were created.
It looks like a Moon Pie.
Who do you think you are, Kim Jong Un He has his with chocolate sprinkles and chocolate syrup.
It's so sad thinking about how coveted that sweet, sugary taste was compared to the gruel and more basic foods. Sad, but it also makes me glad that maybe at some point a father bringing Choco Tacos home would make his son psyched.
How sad is it that now I want one and basically my biggest hurdle is I'm too lazy to drive to the 24 hour grocery store to buy some. 
That's it, I'm getting a box of those tomorrow.
It has been challenged in more recent times, but it is percent change not the actual dollar amount.
I couldn't grasp the fact that a small amount of investments by Lotte and other sugary things.
choco pies suck
Imagine if they discover internet porn one day.

When that regime finally gets hung it's going to be like millions of hostages just got carried out of a basement dungeon into the light only to find it's 2016.  It's going to be traumatizing for a lot of them to find out how the world viewed their great state and their great leader.
Ah ha... Choco pies. At my pretentious liberal arts university, we had this arts major who thought it would be "symbolic" if they put this huge pile  choco pies in the middle of the art museum on campus to have some social discussion on poverty or some shit. I don't know, all I know is the choco pies were left unguarded.

I noticed people taking some and figuring that no one would give them shit for stealing. Like any other person I fucking took some too. Then I came back and took like a huge box full and drove home. Yes they actually left out the boxes that they were shipped in right next to the exhibit. 

TIL I stole 500 dollars. 
These things are awful! The cookie is always stale and dry. The marshmellow is (generally) flavorless and oddly chewy. They also make a mess. Eugh!
These things are a commodity in all of Asia. Moon pies!!!!!!
Are you subscribed to Universal Yums too? I found out about this in my South Korea snackbox this month.
A fucking Choco pie? Moon pie. It's a moon pie.
That's not so bad. Back in the West, we had people paying the equivalent of $60 for [virtual iPod earbuds](https://backpack.tf/stats/Unique/Earbuds/Tradable/Craftable) in 2012. At least the North Koreans can eat their currency when the price crashes.
I, too, got the Universal Yums South Korea box this month. 
Nigga that's a moon pie 
I have actually bought a lot of choco-pies in Pyongyang. Claiming a choco-pie costs 9.50 USD sounds like somebody messed up the exchange rate. I paid around 600 won for mine, while the won was about 7-8000 won to a dollar, which made it cost less than 10 cents. The official exchange rate (which is not used) is 100 won to a dollar, which would make it around 6 dollars.
Who cares about that, there's a fucking STRAWBERRY choco pie?? I'm moving to japan!
You have been banned from /r/Pyongyang.
This is beautiful. 
big brother is watching them.
I have a friend who use to be weirdly addicted to these. He had to have one and he would literally do anything for it.
Sounds like those Patti Labelle sweet potato pies from Wal-Mart. They're sold out because everyone is trying to sell them on E-bay for $30 each.
Key word is had. North Korea best Korea.
Choco-pie? WTF??

It's a Moon Pie...
That would be about the same price in during Army basic training in the United States.
Korean snack tastes awful...
And with that, a mighty cheer went up from the heroes of Nigeria. 

They had banished the awful cookie tree forever, because it was haunted. 

Now let's all celebrate with a cool glass of yam juice.
Tag this shit [yam], would you? I'm at the kitchen table here.
&gt;In Africa, Sesame Street doesn’t shy away from the big issues. The Nigerian adaptation of the show stars Kami, the world’s first HIV-positive Muppet (introduced by South Africa's Takalani Sesame), and Zobi, a fluffy, blue cab driver who educates children about malaria. The production has its lighter side, too.

Whoa. Kami the HIV-Positive muppet. That is a really good method of awareness. Good on you, ~~PBS~~ Sesame Street. 

But wait, there's more:

&gt;In 2002, Sesame Workshop announced that an HIV-positive character would be introduced to Takalani Sesame, the U.S. Agency for International Development-funded South African version of the show. This idea was considered crucial for an area where AIDS is an epidemic. The HIV+ character's name, Kami, is derived fromKamogelo, which means acceptance or 'a welcoming' in Setswana. Kami is a furry yellow five-year-old HIV-positive girlmuppet orphaned by AIDS who always has the sniffles. 

[Wikipedia: Kami](
http://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kami_(Takalani_Sesame\))

Holy shit. ~~Sesame Street Nigeria~~ Takalani Sesame hits hard. That made me tear up, a little. I now need to download these.

Edit: in strikethrough. Thanks, u/MrDNL

Edit2: in second strikethrough. Thanks, u/crownsandclay. It's called Sesame Square in Nigeria. 
&gt;Sesame Street has ventured into places where friendly neighbors are tough to come by. In 2006, the show launched a Kosovo version, which was broadcast in both Albania and Serbia. This dual audience immediately created a problem—nobody could agree on which alphabet to use.

&gt;The Serbians wanted to use Cyrillic, but the Albanians view Cyrillic as a throwback to Cold War tyranny; they wanted to use the Latin alphabet. The show’s creators came up with an ingenious solution. They invented a “visual dictionary,” in which children of different ethnicities held up an object and said its name in their own language. It’s hard to think of Communist oppression when you’re looking at a preschooler holding an apple.

Good save - I'd hate to hear of another war in the Balkans, but this time caused by Sesame Street.
Well the yam is the power that be.
Reminds me of Potato Monster who used to be on Latvian Sesame Street.  Quickly cut because children don't know what potatoes are.  Then show was cancelled because no one has TV.
I yam what I yam and that's all I yam
Is nobody else sad that they don't have cookies?
Zobi means teeth in Latvian, for what it matters. Cookie Monster is now Teeth the Yam Monster.
Has Sesame Street ever done like a "Foreign Exchange Student" program with their counterparts?
TIL Nigeria gets PBS
Way healthier anyways. Why not?
Y is for Yam, that's good enough for me.
To be fair, Yams are fucking delicious.
For those curious, in nigeria they use the word yam to refer to [actual yam](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/418Ffng6yuL.jpg), unlike a lot of people in America who don't even know that yams are a thing and instead use the word yam to refer to [sweet potatoes](http://www.vegetablesinfo.com/images/yam.png)(like the url here).
Didnt they punk out cookie monster in the recent past?
You're fucking with the minds of all the people who think they eat Yams on Thanksgiving...
Yams Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe. 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/redditfox] [\[\/r\/todayilearned\] TIL Sesame Street in Nigeria has a version of Cookie Monster named Zobi the Yam Monster. Since not many Nigerian children have access to cookies, the producers decided to give Zobi an insatiable craving for one of the country’s staple foods. He often shout(...) \[chart in comments\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditFox/comments/3ry7bt/rtodayilearned_til_sesame_street_in_nigeria_has_a/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
me: *Is a Nigerian*

me: *didn't know sesame street had a nigerian version *
AskReddit about him.
Here's a link to highlights of the show http://youtu.be/P7lpAm3-yfo
Misread that as "yarn". Was confused.
fuck. things fall apart all over again...
But how do you make yams most sexy?
&gt; makes Hello Kitty look like a middle-aged cat lady.
Well they are known to be yammy
"I'm in Abuja, yams everywhere...Zobi monster, he got hands everywhere" -2 Yorubaz
TIL Seasame Street  Nigeria
this reminds me of a story from when i was deployed to the middle east. it was christmas or some other holiday like that and they where serving sweet potatoes. the tcn (third country nationals) where mostly form nepal or the surrounding. i asked for sweet potatoes and with out batting an eye he say you mean yam. me be from the southern part of the us i clarify no i mean sweet potatoes. he totally knew what i was talking about
1/4 cup serving of Yams = 230% Daily Vitamin A

Vitamin A overdose can mimic and aggravate drug resistant depression [and worse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypervitaminosis_A)

It can go on for a long time and apparently a blood test won't detect it unless they are looking for it.
Nigerian here, this is bs. Most kids don't have cookies because there are other nigerian snacks that are preferred. Some other nigerian posters have said the same thing (though they're right at the bottom of the thread). 
Plot twist: He is part of Boko Haram.
That is yamazing.
I think I know what the Latvian version eats...
In soviet russia we don't have cookie monster because not enough children have access to cookies.  Instead we have oppression monster.  It's not character but what they call actual person who sends children to the children's prison.
And Latvia it's potato 
I yam what I yam.
video or its not real.

Yam is a man's crop.
Wonder what Yam cookies would be like?
zobi is a name that will never be used in an arabic country lol
And that's why they become internet rip off artists who clog up comments sections trying to offload cheap cars.  They also come from the land of the cell phone snatch.
I wonder if he still makes the same noise when he eats the yams? "Me eat yam! YAM YAM YAM YAM YAM"
What no plumpy nut monster?!?
I yam not a cookie. 
What's the yams?
What about YAM COOKIES?
Dude looks like an animated weed nugget. 
We're just gonna brush over the the muppet with HIV?

And the fact that there's a parallel universe version of Oscar who is good at everything and is only a dick because he's busy not living in a trashcan and being successful?
Yams are probably healthier than cookies too.
We don't have a cookie monster either last I heard.  We now have a veggie monster.
That's Oscar's cousin Moishe Oofnik in the thumbnail! 
No cookies? Africa is worse than we all imagined. 
As someone from Birmingham, "me eat yam" means something very different here.
That's sad. 
Zobi means 'My Dick' in arabic .. Just sayin 

In my country potato monster only want potato. But he know there is no potato for him. He only be sad.
I am not a sweet baked goods person. Cakes, cookies, doughnuts and everything in between. But give me a fire roasted yam with the skin on nice and chewy. So good doesn't even need anything to go with it.
This is so sad
video or its not real.

You can afford a TV and electricity, but not cookies?
They don't have cookies, but they have tv's to watch Sesame Street?
I like this til and the article is pretty funny but...."access to cookies"? Is that where we are now? Access to running water turned into access to healthcare/resources and now....cookies? Nabisco isn't a big brand over there I get it, but access wouldn't be the word I use. I don't have access to everyone's bank account. 
They should really create a 'prince' character.
HBO we've found the first guest for the show!
What's the Ethiopian version? Rice monster?
Didn't they also have a Muppet that had aids?

Infectious Illya I think she was called 


imnotsorry
Does he teach birth control ?
And that's why they become internet rip off artists who clog up comments sections trying to offload cheap cars.  They also come from the land of the cell phone snatch.
Oscar the Grouch is Boko Haram Rapist Monster.

Big Bird is Ostrich the Halal kebab with a huge spike up it's arse.

Elmo is Kuchi Al Safari, or the Afghan boy dressed as a dancing girl and groped by regulars, Mustafah and Kaleel. Hilarious antics.




Getting really tired of all this SJW's trying to shelter our kids from reality.
If you wanted to know why this happens but are to lazy to read the whole article here 

"The research also prompts an entirely different question—why do diet mixers increase intoxication in the first place? The researchers believe it’s because the body recognizes regular sodas (which include sugar) as food, which slows down the rate of alcohol absorption into the blood. Diet sodas, on the other hand, only include aspartame, which the body doesn’t treat as food, so the alcohol mixed in gets absorbed much more quickly."
I was actually in a similar study at the University of Texas. They gave me drinks with diet soda, and I was supposed to consume 3 in 30 minutes. I had a light lunch beforehand, ended up getting a .14 on the breathalyzer (we were aiming for .08).

They weren't allowed to let me leave drunk so I sat around eating peanuts and crackers for like 2 hours, and then they drove me home.
16 people isn't much of a sample size 
How do I sign up for this study
Diet vodka
Diet Sprite it is then.
Mixing your drinks with more alcohol works better.
Not being a pussy and drinking it pure gets you drunk even faster
just get yourself a 4loko and call it a day. 
I had a professor lecture on this once. I'm not sure what this study is actually out to prove contrary to the understanding of chemical pathways of the body, but basically your body is busy using its resources (most specifically in the liver) to deal with the aspartame So it takes longer to filter out the alcohol. I don't necessarily believe that it's a mechanism of your body absorbing the alcohol quicker and more that it circulates longer. 
But how do both of these compare to drinking straight alcohol?  Why is it every time people do a study/article like this they leave out the obvious.
How do they compare to "no mixer?" It's hard to believe they'd call this a scientific study without a control group. Also it's a very small sample size for an experiment that is so easy to conduct. I don't think this was a "study by a university" as much as some sophomore's midterm project.
Squirt or Diet Squirt?
Taking 4 shots in a reference A reference of what?
It also gets you 18% more hungover. 
Jameson and DIET Ginger Ale for the lady, my good man!
Mixing drinks with soda gets you drunk 100% faster than just soda.
&gt;Among the 16 participants who were tested as part of the experiment, those who’d been given diet soda as a mixer had their BrAC peak at levels 18% higher than those whose drink was mixed with regular soda.

What is sample size.
How does this compare with drinking straight liquor? 
and diet soda cuts the liquor taste more too
And that is why I always mix my drinks with vodka.
...among the 16 participants... aaaand close.
Wait so I can't get drunk on regular soda? Who would have thought
I mix my rum with tequila. I swear it gets me drunk twice as fast.
Well if you drink diet soda, you should probly B quarantined like a leper 
It's comical how they think 4.2 ounces is 3-4 mixed drinks. I tend bar and every drink I send across my well has about 2-2.5 ounces. All my specs are based on classic cocktails and their variations. 
Type 1 diabetic here, also a professional drinker. 

The liver only likes to process one thing at a time. If you drink sugary drinks with alcohol, then the liver will process the sugar while attempting to process the alcohol. However, diet soda and it's "sweeteners" do not trigger a glucose response in the body, so there is no response in the liver to it...leaving more processing power to get that alcohol in your blood!
This study's not so great, because they didn't trace the alcohol long enough, or trace any of the metabolites, we can't know if this was an absorption difference or a change in alcohol metabolism. Next, they didn't check blood glucose. Alcohol spikes insulin, which can lower blood sugar significantly and affect mental performance. Real sugar will, to some extent ameliorate this. Again, this wasn't checked or controlled for.
Or you could stop being a little girl and drink your whiskey straight.
Taking 4 shots in a row will get you drunk 154% faster. 
Efficiency dear, efficiency
I wonder if there's a difference between BAC and BrAC, way too much research for me tho
how can I make it 50% faster?
MRW diet dr pepper and Evan Williams.....rekt.
I know what I'm doing over Thanksgiving break.
Why is there a chart comparing microvolts to Hertz? Is that how the breathalyzer works?

Edit: Got bored. Looked up how breathalyzers [work.](http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/gadgets/automotive/breathalyzer.htm) Did a Google image search of the chart, and found out that it was from a study about music. [Weird](http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/playing-music-as-a-child-leads-to-better-listening-as-an-adult-29575073/)
Thats why a guy I know got obliterated... because he's diabetic
Apart from the other shortcomings of this study, why didn't they measure the blood alcohol concentration? IMO that's the more important one.
it tastes much better, due to the decreased sugar content
My liver is mad at you OP.
That explains a lot.
TIL why my father mixes his drinks with Diet Coke, but never drinks Diet Coke on its own.

He's been doing it for at least a decade.  Diet Coke and some 80+ proof rotgut.
Huh, wonder if diet soda drinks were selling poorly before this. 
So, the conclusion states that the researchers assume that the presence of sugar slows the uptake of ethanol, but the majority of ethanol that is absorbed when drinking, is absorbed directly through the cell membranes ans into the blood. The digestive system and metabolism changes related to simply the presence of sugar shouldn't effect absorption. 

Wouldnt it rather be a more realistic idea to assume that the effect is on the liver, or other digestive mechanism related to the breakdown and removal of ethanol from the blood?

Not an expert, i just dont see by what means the presence of simple sugars would effect absorption. In the case of a large meal, the presence of solid foods holding onto ethanol in the stomach is what cause a slower absorption, but in this case there is no such solids.
 
I didn't know that regular soda could get you drunk to begin with.
That explains a couple sloppy nights.
Is this why sorority girls can't hold their alcohol?
Nahhh I can't see it
I assumed this was in /r/drunk.  Someone that isn't drunk should x-post it.
This is the same principle behind hyphy mud
Just in time for Thanksgiving. 
mixing them with hard soda gets you drunk 180% faster
not 18% faster, 18% higher values. 

you don't get drunk faster, you get drunker
Read this in Maxim 15 years ago and regularly mixed my drinks with diet soda. I was beginning to wonder if it was true, because whenever I tell someone, and proceed to tell them I read it in a maxim over a decade ago, I can see the doubt. Thanks OP!
Or you could not be a pussy and inject rubbing alcohol directly into your veins.
X
They should have tested actual blood alcohol content. I'm no expert nor do I think I know very much about the subject, but I do know that BRAC is not a true indication of how drunk you are and generally has a much higher reading than BAC. My uneducated guess would be that their BAC was actually the same
This should be LPT, not TIL!
TIL all my bartender and drinking friends in college were actually helping me get drunk faster when they'd insist on Diet Coke in my rum and Coke's because of my T1 diabetes.
The smithsonian, important science 
Good thing I don't drink soda then...
You can mix things into liquor? TIL
What bars are serving squirt and diet squirt?
The title should be 'gets you drunker' not 'gets you drunk faster.'  The conclusion is not that drinking 4 drinks with diet mixer got people to their highest bac faster.  The conclusion is it got them to a higher bac.
Did they include the part of the study where you're more likey to vomit because that's fucking nasty?
"sure"... just like drinking through a straw. or on full moon.
I'm gonna call bullshit on this.
read the last comment in the article. That lady does not understand.
well Ive been 4 weeks sober so....
Probably because aspartame turns into methanol and formaldehyde in your body.
I've wasted 18% of my life...
Not sure if I've just built up an intolerance but I drink vodka and diet soda exclusively and over the years its taking more and more to get me drunk and I stopped getting hangovers as well. So stick with it people and break the barrier!
Not surprised at the results, but for the wrong reason. I always thought carbonation helped get you a bit more fucked up and diet sodas are a bit more carbonated (which is why flight stewardesses/stewards fucking hate you if you ask for Diet Coke, that shit foams forever)
It's really anything that's carbonated as the CO2 bubbles push the drink directly into the lower intestine, allowing for faster absorption. 
I'd kind like to see compared straight, with water, with diet soda, with regular soda, with carbonated water and finally a diet/regular soda 50/50 mix.

I think the values there would help indicate what, if anything, is going on.
I think we just found the root cause of "white girl wasted."

LPT: use diet soda to reduce your alcohol expense by almost 20%
also use grapefruit juice instead of lemon or lime
Welp, looks like my "I'm a cheap date, though!" line is legit. (Oh &amp; da T&amp;A I'm bringing to the table...)

IDGAF. I'll tear up some tavarski. It's goin in my diet whatevs drink, though.
That's right, I make him [Earn It](http://i.imgur.com/4r2DhC5.png?1)

Are we not gonna talk about the graph: Amplitude (microvolts) over Frequency (hertz)?
This needs to be tagged as a LPT
Can someone explain the relevance of [this graph?](http://public.media.smithsonianmag.com/legacy_blog/chart.png)

- No legend

- The axis aren't explained in the article

Know what works better? Mixing your liquor with more liquor. 
My aunt taught me that when I was 15.
I don't drink to get drunk as fast as possible. I drink to get as drunk as possible. I ain't in no hurry.
any carbonation will get you drunk faster.. and juice..
Drinking them straighjt makse yu drunbk ebvenm fasdterr
Friends don't let friends get drunk on sugary drinks. Those hangovers are the worst. 
I thought I was just mistaken in thinking this. Switched from Jack and Coke to Jack and diet, definitely noticed I got drunk quicker.
This title.... Well of course wouldn't a mixed drink get you faster than just a regular soda?
This a great way to save money
Just in time for Thanksgiving. 
How does it compare to drinking rum from the bottle? I need to know for a friend.
I actually participated in a study bit like this. It was actually looking at the affect of combining alcohol and energy drinks.

How it worked is there were different people getting set amounts of alcohol every session. Ranging from 0 to 5 standard drinks. I was in that last category.

And then each session they varied the amount of energy drink and ran tests on how we performed.

And the very preliminary result seemed to be that having increased energy drinks with alcohol reduced how drunk you got. And they thought was that the sugar in the drinks was responsible.

But in summary I got paid to get drunk for a morning once a month for four months. It was a great time!
My uneducated guess would be a man?
If I'm drinking straight Jameson, would that get me drunk faster than making a Jameson diet coke?
But what happens if you use 7up in your bong instead of water?
I heard this on the radio last night driving my kid to swimming lessons.

HOW THE FUCK DID THE RADIO BEAT REDDIT?

Wasn't consuming alcohol and aspartame found to be bad for you tho 
and making that a habit will make you die 18% faster.. lol
I'm not going to overreact on a study published with a sample size of 16 people. 
16 participants does not a study make. wtf c'mon man, couldn't you find even 30-40 friends who'd like to drink alcohol in the name of science?
And carbonation increases the rate of consumption the same?
This explains so much
Yeah, everyone already knew girls get drunk faster.


In case it is unclear, only women drink diet soda. Maybe try it with some cranberry juice next 
Maybe this helps explain white girl wasted.
Wow, a useful TIL, diet coke with my Jack then.

Wish I would have known this new years eve of 2009. 
Wish I'd seen this an hour ago before I got regular Dr. Pepper to go with my Sailor Jerry...
That explains why I get blackout drunk in little to no time when drinking pepsi max and captain morgan compared to just regular beer.
Directions unclear. Mixed diet soda with milk. Sober and vomiting.
****
TIL that 23% of statistics are made up on the spot
Good
Mmm... Squirt.
Vastly increased rate of consumption the same?
TIL that this is not common knowledge.
Former drunk here.  I knew this thirty years ago.
As a diabetic this now can be used to explain my alcoholism.
Yep I've experienced this... you also black out 18% faster. Oh college.
Mixing your liquor with more liquor gets you drunk 100% faster. 
what gets you drunk faster? 1 shot of rum. or 1 shot of rum mixed with diet soda. same?
A sample size of 16 with a difference of 18%, I think we need more evidence
Had to go to the very last sentence of the article to find the 'why'...
Yeah, but you have to basically ruin your alcohol with shitty aspartame.
How can we be so sure that it's not 17.5%?
Why do we need a method of getting drunk faster? Like just take 3 shots of 153 proof (the highest proof I'm able to obtain) and just enjoy the floor.
Did not know you got drunk from regular soda
Whaaaaat! No way.
Whaaaaat! No way.
It seems like if it was a good bit of money for it.
Or their livers even processed alcohol at the University of Texas.
Does that account for buttchugging? 
Imma need more diet soda
Can confirm with Jack Daniels and Diet Coke which I'm sipping on right now.

And yes I'm fucked up.
Captain &amp; Coke Zero
8 oz of V8 is only 53 calories, and you can afford to have a slim Jim with your slim Jim.
The title made me think that it was saying soda + alcohol gets you drunk faster than soda. 
The only thing they did not know the actual cause.
Do we really need to get drunk 18% faster? What's the damned point. Where does it end, butt chugging? I want to be drunk IMMEDIATELY after I drink, not in five minutes!
Is it "Diet Rum &amp; Coke" or "Rum &amp; Diet Coke"?
But at what cost?
It also would give me mad shits.
I really fancied this girl at work and took to the bar and introduced her to a drink I call a "turdo shandy". Its half a pint of lager and a red ball. Three of these and she was on the floor passed out.
You're welcome. 
Bill Cosby learned this years ago.
This is how I've seen it done, worked in several bars and you will not absorb the alcohol out of people Not a very good one if caught after two ...
Just more to the proof that the shittier the drink tastes the more drunk it gets you.
Just drinking gets me drunk 100% of the times I attempt it with no fancy trucks whatsoever. Why is anyone in a hurry to get drunk? It takes minutes. Plan out your life better.  
18%?!?  that's like a whole minute!
I didn't realize regular soda got you drunk.
This is not true. 
But diet sodas are so nasty =\
So by this logic it's not that diet soda makes you drunk 18% faster,  but rather mixing alcohol with mixers that contain sugar (such as soda) makes you drunk 18% slower.  One can also go further to say that if you have eaten within the time frame to cause a insulin spike it metallic reaction,  the 18% reduction would be occurring anyways and thus make the mix drink irrelevant.  

Basically it's what we already know,  drinking "on a empty stomach"  makes you drunk faster.  

Also,  this experiment only uses 16 people as the sample size,  not exactly sound science. Granted the mechanism they're trying to test is pretty much already proven.  
Sample size of 16? Meh. 
Snort one, maybe two. Call me in the morning.
Interesting. I noticed this but figured it was just in my head
Of course I find this out 12 days after I finally get sober...
Tonic is classic, but I upvoted anyway. putting stuff in your mixer, the body will devote some of it's resources to digestion and you can get the low salt kind.
And how fast you get drunk without mixer if they are called jim beam and cola zero.
Also, mixing your drinks with soda gets you drunk 94% faster than soda alone
Not to mention that they didn't give the same reaction with cigarettes because I tend to only mix with diet tonic for years out of people Not a very small sample size for an experiment that is why I always mix my drinks are 2 ounces of alcohol as the next guy, the one that downs something carbonated will get drunk on regular soda?
Usually like 1 oz of a sample size It's enough to be a serial killer with 2 kills.
Ontherocks master race
How much faster will you get drunk if you butt chug ?
It sounds nasty, but Fireball and Capri-Sun gets me drunk super quick 
Wow, great to know!
I can't get drunk for free?
He's 1, 2 bodies, 13 people to get drunk.
I had no idea, I drink gin &amp; tonics all the time &amp; I always use diet tonic.
whitegirl-wasted makes so much more sense now
Isn't it because diet sweeteners are alcohols? 

In any case, breath tests are notoriously inaccurate. 
Drinking spirits without mixers get you drunk 100% faster than not. 
Well diet is gross so I don't care 
So you're gonna take a 16 person sample and generalize it to science?
r/shittyscience
Ha! I only used diet mixers in college (my theory with no proof whatsoever was diet had more chemicals to cover up for the lack of suger so they were more likely to cover up the flavor my my $9 bottle of vodka). 

Now I didn't read this article at all and the science sounds shoddy just based off some of the comments here, but that will not stop me from sending this to all of my old college drinking buddies to rub it in their face.
Ignoring all science and facts and what not-

I'm going to go with the diet drinkers got drunker, faster, because they chugged them in order to not taste them.

All of this based on the hypothesis that diet soda is fucking nasty.
but tastes 180% like shit.
No wonder why I get slightly more drunk then my friends.
That's all fine and well, but diet soda tastes like ass.
In a neuroscience course my professor told us that the aspartame opens up passage was in your brain that otherwise wouldn't be big enough to let alcohol seep into. However once in contact with the aspartame the alcohol can have better pathways into the brain tissue which is linked to accelerated tissue decay. 

TL;DR: Mixing drinks with diet soda gets you drunk faster but at the risk of making your brain mush. 

"Diet sodas, on the other hand, only include aspartame, which the body doesn’t treat as food, so the alcohol mixed in gets absorbed much more quickly."  

That's about the most BS "We don't actually know" non-science hypothesis I've ever read.  :/  

My hypothesis:  We know that  
a.) Alcohol is a "sugar" in your body's opinion.  
b.) Artificial sweeteners DO cause a pancreatic insulin response.  
c.) Insulin's function is to encourage your body to consume sugars instead of breaking down fats.   
d.) There are no 'sugars' in diet sodas, but there are in regular sodas.  

Thus, it would make logical sense that your body, primed to absorb sugar would absorb sugar AND alcohol with a regular soda mixer, but would absorb MORE alcohol (sugars) in the absence of sugar.  Thus, you would absorb more alcohol faster with a diet soda.  

That'd be my hypothesis.
[deleted]
Too bad diet soda tastes like shit, so my urge to take a drink is lessened every time. I would drink less this way and ultimately be less drunk.
&gt;The more (and longer) a person drinks, the more damage they'll inflict on the parts of their brain controlling impulse and judgment. 

&gt;By using high-resolution structural magnetic resonance (MR) scans to create and assess a 3D structure of "global and regional white matter," Fortier and her team could see reductions in middle-aged recovering alcoholics' white matter pathways compared to non-alcoholics. Recovering alcoholics included participants who were five years sober after 25 years of alcohol abuse. Damage to the brain’s white matter was a result of higher quantity and exposure. Basically, the more you drink, the more damage you do to your brain.

&gt;Gray matter is negatively affected by years of heavy drinking, too. Gray matter is a major component of the central nervous system, and it's a large group consisting of neurons responsible for brain function. The structure of this group processes the information from our sensory organs and other gray regions of the brain. And like white matter, reduced gray matter worsens a person's planning, prioritizing, impulse, and memory.

&gt;The message is clear: The longer and more a person drinks, the worse their control and judgement is, lessening the chances of sobriety as they get older. Heavy drinking hurts the brain's ability to function and heal all at once. The time to get help for alcoholism is now.

http://www.medicaldaily.com/long-term-effects-alcohol-impair-brains-pathways-underlie-impulse-control-311242
Uhh. This... explains a lot.
But Slim Beam rhymes Taking 4 shots in a reference A reference of what?
Mixing drinks with nothing gets you drunk 100 % faster. 
This makes a lot of sense. When I first started drinking it was Wild Turkey 101 mixed with Diet Mountain Dew then we upgraded to Coke etc and it didn't work as well, the alcohol was noticeably less potent.
With that in mind there is also an 18% chance of getting cancer immediately after drinking diet.
Whoopty fucking doo? Alcohol makes you drunk, wow. Revelations in science, great job. 
But diet soda tastes like soap...
They also taste 22% like ass. Diet soda sucks.
That's why the creators of Phineas and Ferb picked a platypus. They didn't want something kids could beg their parents for.
Same thing happened after 101 Dalmatians came out (might have been the remake)
I worked at a pet store from 2009-2012ish and even a decade after the movie parents would come in with little kids who just wanted "Nemo". The amount of times I had to talk parents out of that was staggering, these are people who thought they could just buy the fish and throw it in a bowl, not realizing how much extra work a saltwater would be.
The real problem will happen when Finding Dory comes out. Those tangs need 10ft of tank to be happy. They grow up to 1 ft in length.

http://www.liveaquaria.com/product/prod_display.cfm?c=15+2971+330&amp;pcatid=330
[deleted]
Isn't the story about Marlin learning to become a better father by caring for Dory, and Nemo learning to be a better son by his experience with Gill?
Also, male clownfish will change their sex when they lose their mate. So Nemo's dad would have put on high heels and lipstick to attract another male to the anemone.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amphiprioninae#Reproduction
Also a bunch of kids "freeing" their pet fish by flushing them...
It also caused the aquarium trade to start breeding them in captivity and create "designer" clownfish. 
Can confirm. I worked in aquarium store when the movie came out. One Saturday I decided to count how many times I heard kids scream "NEMO!" I gave up at 74 after only being at work for two hours. 

"DORY!" was just as bad, and half the time the retard kids were calling the wrong kind of fish Dory. 
I used to work at a pet store. That movie has changed the colloquial term for the fish to a Nemo fish. I can't tell you how many times customers (not children) would stare at me blankly when I said clown fish. "Oh! A Nemo fish..."
Can confirm.

Ran Aquarium Store during this time.

Parents would come in "yeah, I want to get a nemo and a fish bowl"

&gt;You'll need:
10 gallon tank
15 lbs live rock
Pump/Filter
Sand
Live salt water
Water stabilizers
Clown Fish (after two weeks)
That'll be $400.

"Yeah, let me get that goldfish"
The other TIL:
&gt;Finding Nemo shares many plot elements with Pierrot the Clownfish, a children's book published in 2002, but conceived in 1995. The author, Franck Le Calvez, sued Disney for infringement of his intellectual rights. The judge ruled against him, citing the color differences between Pierrot and Nemo.

...They're both [orange](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierrot_the_Clownfish) though?
I blame shitty parents who won't say no to their shitty kids. 
As someone who worked in a pet store for many years I can more than confirm this. Every single guppy, platy, mollie, and tetra were "nemos". 


Or just "fishy". 
I'm glad it ironically caused it rather than just regular causing it.
Which, ironically, also caused a drastic decline in clownfish population. Also the chemicals they used to catch clownfishes destroyed many reefs.
I work at a fish store and i hear NEMO~!!!! at least 5 times a day. =
Well, people are idiots
Bad decision to just go out and buy a saltwater setup with live fish. Saltwater tanks are beyond difficult to keep healthy. They aren't nearly as easy to care for as fresh water fish. Plus most salt water fish are taken from the wild by using cyanide to stun them. smh

Isn't it ironic?
When I made my OWD I came across a few clownfish. 

Let me tell you, those little fuckers are aggressive and bite. Nothing cute about them :(
ohh the irony
Wonder if there are any other examples involving animals that got turned into cartoons increased the demand for them.
The good thing is that Clownfish have now become aquacultured, so they do not need to be collected from the wild as much. 

The thing that worries me is that when finding dory comes out, the demand for hippo tangs will go up. Hippo tangs are come of the largest fish that are regularly kept in the home aquarium. They can get up to a foot long in home aquaria. The other issue is they are ship very poorly and are susceptible to various diseases if some fails to have good husbandry or puts the fish in a highly stressful environment.

However, unlike clownfish, the hippo tang, more more broadly tangs and surgeonfish have not been successfully aquacultured or raised captivity, which makes it a huge problem because the tang is collected in area where supply chain management and sustainable collecting are not practiced.  
 
Most clownfish sold in the US are tank raised, not wild caught.
And that's no joke... fuck it I tried.

Something cruelly ironic about this but not surprising
FYIK that humans are dumber than rocks.
IT'S LIKE RAIIIIIIAAAAAIIIIAAAAN ON YOUR WEDDING DAY!
My buddy runs a tropical fish store and when the movie came out he refused to sell them to any customers who couldn't pass a simple test on maintaining a saltwater aquarium. He said parents wanted to just put them in a fish bowl and when he told them the clownfish would die in three or four days they didn't care. 
I work at a local fish store.  Can confirm.  First thing families do when they come into the store is ask "Where's the Nemo fish?" with *zero* sense of irony.
That isn't ironic
Did you honestly expect an underlying message within a kids movie to have real world consequences, raise the awareness of fish rights, and make the world a better place?

No, neither did I. That's why this *is not* ironic.
probably treated said clownfish much better than the dentist in Finding Nemo
Fish are friends and food. 

Get in my belly! 
People are so shellfish
The movie in not about "the suffering of a captured clownfish."
A friend of mine is a fish tank finatic, has nearly 1000 gallons worth of fish tank, some fresh some salt water. I can guarantee you those fish live a happy, pampered life.
That's not ironic.
I would be curious to see the correlation between guitar sales and when school of rock came out
The movie also increased the demand for Hippo tangs or Regal Blue Tangs, which are what Dory is, I'm assuming the sequel will make it even worse. Many of their tropical coral habitats are being destroyed, as it's a lot easier to catch them by destroying their coral reefs :(
Interesting. I wonder if the same would happen with an endangered species.
we should probably consider it a stroke of incredible luck that Disney didn't preempt that and scoop them all up so they could monopolise it.
Was that what the movie was about..? I don't recall them pushing that in the movie..
It's because the tank fish were shown to be relatively happy, besides the occasional spoiled brat that tapped on the glass.
&gt;ironic 
Is this really a correct use of irony? On reddit? 
Mombies not being able to say no. 
Wow, I guess movies really do influence people's behavior. Who would have known.
What about sharks? Are there more pet great whites out there? Ay bruce?
I can imagine kids like Veruca Salt saying mommy, daddy " I want a Nemo fish".
Children are dumb. They perceive things at surface level.
Has it been so long that we have to describe what the movie was about? Damn I'm old
Stupid cunts. 
Why do people purchase fish for decoration anyway? It's fucked up if you ask me.
And so many people have no idea how to take care of salt water fish. Sad. :-(
Hey guys [here's another great](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Correlation_does_not_imply_causation) article to have a look at. 
ITT: Discussion about "irony"
But why?
There was also a surge in the flushing of fish down the toilet to "send them home."
No surprise here.  Bought a snail after Turbo.   Not really, but of course.  Just look at all the bunnies and chickens stranded after Easter.
worked at a pet store for 5 years, can confirm
To be fair it spurred an enormous effort to breed clown fish. Along with Solomon islands discovery of the first "Picasso clown fish" now spread  into dozens of new morphs . making all the now "popular" clown fish tank bred.
I remember this period. We had not long setup a marine acquarium before Finding Nemo came out, we had clownfish (not just of the same kind as Nemo) and given the fairly high maintenance a marine aquarium requires, we were quite familiar with our local aquarium store which stocked the fish and equipment. 

They noted an absolutely massive uptake in people wanting to buy those clownfish, which is fine, but the worst part about their sudden popularity was people coming in and buying them to put in a standard fish bowl or even tropical. The staff at the store always inquired into the setup people were introducing fish into regardless, but once kids started nagging their parents for them and many parents simply thought the staff were just trying to sell them expensive marine setups for the sake of it, the parents began coming in prepared with some knowledge in order just to buy them only to throw them into a small fish bowl when they got home, sometimes even in fresh water! 

I think I remember this store temporarily stopping stocking that particular kind of clownfish for a period because of it. 
Who is them?
Yeeeeeeeep, I am not surprised by this at all. I remember wanting a pet clown fish after I saw the movie (I was a dumb kid).
Well... 
Flipper is the worst case I know. "The Cove" is a documentary that explains all the frenzy about dolphins that started after the TV series.
That's a pretty inaccurate description of Finding Nemo. 
I'd probably bet $10 that the amount of Clownfish in dentist aquariums have increased tenfold.
That IS ironic!
Yeah but like, actual clownfish aren't just humans in a fish body. They dont have agency.
What happened to "correlation does not denote causation"?  Oh yeah, clickbait happened. 
Obviously the illuminati was behind this. Just part of their agenda to promote destruction of the environment. Duh...
Many people seem to ignore the messages of movies with gusto. 
I remember reading something about this. I read that during this trend, there was a lot of clown fish dying since people were buying them for their kids and not having the proper salt marine tank setup for them. Marine fish are very sensitive and need a good balance of salts, ph, UV, calciums, and a long tank cycle needs to happen before you even think about adding any fish or reefs. If you or someone you know wants to buy marine fish, I advise you to research into the care, time, and cost of a salt water tank.
On the plus side percula clowns are one of the very few salt water fish that breed readily in captivity, so although the vast majority of marine aquarium fish come from the wild, most perculas are captive bred.
Ironically/Inevitably 
Yeeeep. I was the aquatics specialist at a pet store at the time, and I spent the entire summer explaining to people why they did not want to buy clownfish.
Self awareness. Not a big thing.
i think this is only the 20th time ive seen this TIL, stop going through old posts to find TILS, downvoted. 
Hey Alanis, THIS is irony!
...is that really irony though?
I really don't think it was about the suffering of a captive fish. There was minimum suffering.
[irony](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdKr1jlDzW4)
Working in a petstore during the time.  SOO many damn parents wanted to put a clown fish into a goldfish bowl.
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1p0t93/til_finding_nemo_actually_harmed_wild_clownfish/
Coral bleaching is a much greater threat to wild clownfish. 
The kids just like the characters. They want Nemo as their friend. 
I hate people.
Doesn't seem so ironic. That's exactly what I expected would happen when the movie came out. 
If she finds out she's going to take it just like you cheated and bang your neighbors. 
It also caused a lot of kids to flush their goldfish down the toilet.

Needless to say they didn't end up free in the ocean.
Name any popular movie with animals and sure enough that movie indirectly lead to increased adoption rates of said animal. (I worked at a wolf sanctuary) Harry Potter lead to humane societies getting an increase in owls.

Fucking owls. How weak of a parent are you?
A little too ironic. Yeah, I really do think.
I like wriggling my fingers at now "captive bred' clownfish in pet stores. They do a little group up and down bobbing gesture which I learned was a defensive mechanism. I googled it since I was WTF? as they didn't a) ignore me b) come and follow my fingers, c) ignore me. After a few times in a store they seem to recognize me (until they're bought of course) and won't do it.

Keeping fish is a pain in the ass. I had a fresh water tank (my dad killed my fish the first month he had to take care of it).* I loved my fish and they "liked' me, but I could do without their tank. I don't have the space for one now but sometimes I miss having fish. Still don't miss the tank. 

*Now they have fish, which were bought after I had 1 survivor and forced my dad to basically restock the tank, even though I was states away. That is because my lone, nameless molly was a grouping fish etc. I was devastated when they died as I had raised nearly all of them since birth (mollies + feeding schedule = you will never need to buy fish except to avoid inbreeding). My father's done better but I sank at least 1K into the tank, which was over 50 gallons. 
I'm surprised this is #3 at the moment. I've seen this post like 5 times. 
/r/titlegore 
Luckily clownfish are the easiest saltwater fish to breed and have been bred commercially for a decade or two. Captive bred ones are healthier and cheaper, so that's a plus.
Seriously. Working in the aquarium hobby now = pointing at the clownfish saying "look its nemo! It's a dory!" 

"How do I get a nemo fish"
To this day I've yet to see this movie.
When my sister was a kid she called smoked salmon 'Nemo.' 
That's not funny
Fuck Nemo fuck you fuck everybody forever
 "You either die a conservationist, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain."
Just use the digital aquarium in the extras on the DVD people!
So? The movie is fictional? Clown fish don't actually feel like that when you put them in a tank in a dentists office


If you're trying to make a point that we shouldn't take clownfish from the ocean, don't worry. Clownfish are easily bred and raised in captivity. So we don't have to steal nemos from the wild. 

Fun Fact: clownfish are hermaphroditic. The largest of the pair becomes the female. So when Coral (Nemo's Mother) died, Marlin (Nemo's Father) became a female. Marlina if you will. 
yep
Only triple? 
Sooo many dead clownfish :(
Hey my clown fish was bred in captivity. I bought her in 2003 and she's still alive and quite happy. Not all clowns go to heaven. 
What condition is your rock in?
There would only be irony in this if the purpose of the film was to try and discourage people from getting aquariums.  There was no such intent.
Ok hold up. Finding Nemo is not about the suffering of a captured clownfish.
Don't mean to be a buzz kill here but clown fish are sequential hermaphrodites. This means that if the movie was biologically correct, after losing his mother,Nemo's dad would then become his mom. Thus no real plot for the movie.
Source: my Ichthiology professor 
I worked at a fish shop when nemo came out and the amount of dead fish that came back for refunds was depressing as fuck. 
TIL Finding Nemo was a movie about hte suffering of a captured clownfish.
I worked in at a pet fish store shortly after the movie came out... The amount of parents coming up to me with just a bowl asking for Nemo was astounding... Literally zero research. 



TIL some people have not heard about Finding Nemo until today
TIL Karen Walkers voice isn't natural. 
This is what you call "typical human stupidity". The same thing happened after 101 dalmatians was released, and also after Harry Potter with Owls. People are so fucking simple minded.
Consider that free willy, a movie about freeing a captured whale, stars a captured performing killer whale who died only a year after he was freed a decade after the movie was filmed.
Git rdy for Finding Dory
I learned something new those I did not know before. I like this informative and interesting post.
Cover image looks like a Christian Lassen painting 
There's not a bone in my body that ever thought the movie was trying to touch the subject of clownfish abuse in captivity. I think it's a huge stretch to say that's what the movie is about.
I don't see the irony in this.
Which is pretty fine because clownfish do very well in aquarium environments, and the entire population of the pet trade is almost entirely made of captive bred individuals.
Pixar be like:TIFU by making a movie about a clownfish
I went on a snorkeling trip in the Great Barrier Reef and our guide told us this story. I think they mentioned they were getting as much as $400 for fish. They said the population was devastated and clown fish are now few are far between. The Clown Fish's cousin which looks really similar is still pretty abundant though.

does a clownfish really suffer in captivity? lots of food, no predators
TIL people feel the need to explain what Findung Nemo is about as if not everyone has seen it 
**FUN FACT**

Male clown fish will turn into females if their partner dies. So, in essence, the entire movie is a lie. 
They could have easily predicted this because the same thing happened with the popularity of Ninja Turtles and those rumors about what some people do with gerbils.
Luckily real Clown fish are just fish.
This not irony. It is completely predictable that this would happen. 
I can't watch Finding Nemo. I hate it. 

Not because I think it's a bad movie,  but because I worked at Suncoast (a place much like FYE, that sold only DVDs) when this movie can out on DVD. Our store had tvs, and we would always play a popular movie that came out.  For font weeks straight, all we played was 'Finding Nemo'.  Over, and over, and over, all day, every day for five weeks straight. 

I can can still recite every line from that movie word for word. 

It's been how long since it came out? And I still can't bring myself to watch it again. 
this is a common occurance known as the dalmation effect... think 101 dalmations...
Isn't it ironic,
How is that ironic? that happens every time a movie comes out with something you can buy in it.
Clownfish in aquariums don't suffer.   Get a nice healthy carpet anemone and put a little food in there once a day and they'll be delighted.  

Correlation does not *imply* causation.
You're a slow learner, because the movie was not "about" the 5 minutes that Nemo was existing (not suffering) in a fish tank. Nice try though.
TIL Almost nobody on Reddit has ever seen or been within 100 yards of a real aquarium. 

You only learned that today ? 
Correlation =/= Causation.
The movie wasn't about the suffering of a fucking fish, fish don't suffer they swim, shit, and eat.

It was a kids movie, meant to entertain the rug rats for awhile and sell toys, and apparently fish too.


it will never be revitalized but it's certainly a fantastic piece of history to be kept. 
Reminds me of that obscure language that's only known by two really old men that hate each other and refuse to speak. Anybody have a link to that one?
I mean at this point she could just be making it up, who the hell could call her out on it?
My grandfather has done the same thing for a Native language from Vancouver, BC, called Sechelt. He began recording elders in the 70s, and eventually compiled a dictionary, and grammar, and now they are teaching the language in schools in the tribal areas.


http://www.abcbookworld.com/view_author.php?id=1472
&gt; Through her hard work, Marie hopes that her dictionary will support the revitalisation of the Wukchumni language for future generations.

I hate to be a negative Nancy, but...languages--like surnames and poorly adapted species--are inevitably culled when they don't have a strong culture to support them.

Kind of a cool project though, even if essentially fruitless.
It's most likely the language will die with her, but I greatly appreciate her taking the time to create a Wukchumni dictionary. Something as relevant to a culture as it's language should never die, even if it's only to live on as a catalogue of information to be used later for some hitherto unknown purpose.
Its pretty cool for the anthropological aspects. 
Let's hope she gets some support. In our neck of the woods, the Canadian government started a program years ago where they are paying aboriginals (Cree) to teach the language, in a effort to keep the language as part of our ongoing history.
It is good that she recorded the language. It may be of interest to linguists in the future. There are lots of dead languages that are a mystery today, like Etruscan, Pictish, etc.
As a general question here would this not dilute the original language when it is transcribed?
Because this is one persons example of the language, would it not be riddled with personal linguistic mannerisms?

I find the whole idea incredibly interesting, (and also somewhat sad) to know the last speaker of a given language will eventually be gone but leave such an incredible legacy.
What on Earth? We just watched this video today in 1st period. Neat.
I wonder if they have considered recording their language classes and uploading them to YouTube or something similar? It'd be a great resource for anyone interested in the language or the culture. 
[For the lazy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRDmRXCizEM)
Hopefully people ressurrect it to help defend themselves against the vocal chord parasites.
If only one person on the entire planet can speak it fluently it's not a "dying language". Shits dead. 
A dictionary was probably the wrong move. If she really wanted to enliven a dying language, she should've crafted a fantasy saga where it's spoken by orcs or ents or something.
I would love to hear what this language sounds like.
Dang, that's dedication!  At least Mrs. Wilcox is passing down hard work and dedication to her grandson.  That will live much longer than the language... Hopefully, I guess.
If only she knew that all languages will be spoken through emojis...
Did she write a grammar too?  Is there a linguistic analysis of phonology, syntax and semantics?  All that would be necessary to 'save' it.
Similar intent-different (and amazing) product. As a partially native person (no, not one of those;  "I'm 1/56th native" kind of people) this is a book I read and re-read...and learn something new every time.

The Wind is My Mother;
http://www.amazon.com/The-Wind-Is-My-Mother/dp/0425161609

Buy it
Read it

She should kickstarter a project to get it put onto Duolingo.
It's guaranteed to pick up some users.
It's cool that she's doing this, for historical purposes, but it won't do much to help the actual language. Still, good for her.
This actually can come in handy for the intelligence community 
Every day the number of Wukchumni speakers and Klingon speakers grows inversely proportionate.
My girlfriend is this woman's grandniece. My girlfriend is almost full Wukchumni and knows pretty much every surviving member of the tribe.

Hopefully, the next time I visit my girlfriend's hometown I'll be able to meet this woman. My girlfriend talks about her so casually since she's her great aunt, but this woman is rad.
Very interesting language some unique sounds. It sounds like you should know it but you don't.  A sample for those interested.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFw_Ak5t2DI

I speak Wukchumni - seven years wasted.
Successful genocide in America. Good job, whiteys. 
A very nice story and an interesting TIL, but by Jove was that menu bar ever annoying.
Oh well. *shrug* Ya win some, you lose some.
Shakaka!
http://southpark.cc.com/clips/154079/bag-of-vision
How do we know she isn't just making it up?
Good Gal Marie
What are you talking about? I speak Wukchumni.
Now she has to translate every article in Wikipedia
As civilization progresses, languages which do not suit modern civ will be culled.
I'm wondering how exactly a language like that dies out. Did they just stop teaching it to younger generations altogether?
are the complete recordings accessible online anywhere?
Thank you, Ms. Wilcox
https://youtu.be/uZEXipL6naY

A short documentary about her. She sounds like an amazing woman, spending years compiling a dictionary. 
Didn't her daughter offer to learn,  but she declined teaching her? 
eyak went the same route but theres a few speakers left. my uncle is one but for some reason hes ashamed and doesnt use it ever. others in my family like marie smith were recorded and its been preserved

Our ability to communicate with one another is a fundamental requirement for understanding. The world's peoples need to embrace a common language and celebrate those things that unite us (like family, art and music) rather than seek to differentiate ourselves and use those differences as the basis for bludgeoning one another. 
I couldn't imagine the burden of being the last one and having to write the dictionary. I am a serial procrastinar and I wouldn't be able to just shrug off my homework till later. 
I took a Native American course for at my university a few quarters ago. I mentioned this and included the video in my report and my teacher was really impressed. Nonetheless, a cool video to see.
Couldn't she essentially spend a few years with a baby and her being the only person speaking to him/her? Since that's how infants start to learn languages, it could technically be carried on. 
Who else is going try to learn this language?
The new TV show about the Pilgrims uses an original Wampanoag language that only 8 people know how to speak. Kinda sad.
Are we saying that the few linguists and language preservationists would cure cancer? Most STEM people laugh at these soft scientists so... I doubt it.
thnk gd' im nt the "wrlds" lst englsh spkr//?
I don't think it's possible to revive a language from written materials only. Not if you want to see it enter actual everyday usage by anyone, ever. Language is performed and learned directly from other humans, auditorially, since time immemorial. It's even been shown that babies watch their parents mouths to learn how to make sounds. It's very much a person-to-person thing. This woman should be giving immersion-style classes if she wants to raise the speaker count.

I don't want to sound insensitive but I don't see a lot of point in reviving a language when virtually everyone who ever cared about it is gone. The sentimental value associated with it is not something I can really relate to. If there are people alive for whom the language has value, sure. But once they're all gone, to hope that future generations will just spontaneously pick it up... It seems arbitrary and sentimental. 

What you should do with a language in these circumstances is document it for posterity and future study. A lot of our scientific understanding of the human language faculty depends on having access to a wide range of human tongues, and they are disappearing rapidly. The more we can document, the better.

There should be some kind of kit for doing this, frankly, if there is not already. 
Did she write a grammar too?  Is there a linguistic analysis of phonology, syntax and semantics?  All that would be necessary to 'save' it.
Sounds like the perfect language for two spies to learn. 
Every day the number of Wukchumni speakers and Klingon speakers grows inversely proportionate.
[deleted]
Thank you, Ms. Wilcox
She just making shit up
She wasted 7 years of her life writing something nobody will ever read, very sad.
Who fucking cares 
Why.
Yeah put that book on this shelf here, labeled "Shit I will never read"
maybe somethings should be let go.
&gt;Imagine that English would one day become a dying language

This is already happening in the U.S. with the uncontrolled illegal immigration of Mexicans that don't assimilate but want to turn the U.S. into Mexico.
In 40 years my grandkid will waste their inheritance from me by majoring in Wukchumni.
If you're the last speaker you can just make shit up as you go.
She should release some vocal parasites to solve the problem.
[deleted]
What is the point of saving a dying language? 
How has anyone confirmed that she's actually fluent in this language? Even assuming we know that she's being 100% truthful in the dictionary (and she isn't just making it up) what if it's full of typos? Is a language really even a language if you can't communicate with it? Still, it's cool that she's investing so much time in something she believes in. 
What both the title and the wikipedia article forget to mention is that this is a disagreement that was already happening before the discovery of the DSS. As stated in [the very essay they source](http://www.etsjets.org/files/JETS-PDFs/48/48-4/JETS_48-4_701-714.pdf) the LXX already states his height as 4 cubits and a span.

More than likely this is a scribal disagreement about how tall he was rather than a "story growing with the telling".
Just like Gregor Clegane in Game of Thrones.  In the books he is listed at over 8 feet tall, but the latest actor to play him was 6'9".
You have to remember that 6'9" was a giant during those times. The average male was a bit under 5'

* correction. Based on sourcing, its more like 5'3. My bad 
Guys, that wasn't his... leg.  
If anyone is interested, researching the Dead Sea Scrolls is suuuper interesting! I wrote a paper about it, and felt like Nicholas Cage along the way.
Can't wait for the Zack Snyder Goliath movie.  Goliath will be 12 ft tall, naked, and just a little gay.
Pastor here! In seminary I had a chance to do some work with the Dead Sea scrolls. Remember, these are still a fairly new discovery, and Bible scholars are still trying to catch up with the new information. While there have been a handful of discrepancies, the amazing thing is that most of what has been found has actually confirmed the state of the current text, and arguably none of the textual contradictions have changed the primary meaning of the text. This is significant because the scrolls are generally hundreds of years older than our next to oldest source text for the Old Testament. Also, there were several places where the scrolls filled in gaps that had previously existed. They really are a fascinating discovery.  
Edit: [You can see some of the Dead Sea Scrolls here!](http://dss.collections.imj.org.il/project)
For us non-americans: that's 2.05 metres. 
Napoleon was average height.
Just like a fisherman's catch gets bigger and bigger with each re-telling. 
I took many religion classes in college. I had one professor who was a brilliant scholar. He was Jewish and pretty much an atheist. He would always explain how so much of the Old Testament was simply misunderstood by most of modern culture.  
  
The best example he gave of this is the Israelites wandering for 40 years. They didn't actually wander for 40 years (it was like 30 something) but the number 40 was more important to the recorders because it signified a generation.  
  
I can't say for sure but it could be that whoever was recording the story (or during one of the many transcribes or translations) thought that recording the height of Goliath as a certain number or measurement might be more significant than the actual number.  
  
Math and science are so prominent today but what use did the people really have back then to be very exact? I think the real point that number is trying to get across is "Goliath was really tall." It's less about being a fish story and more about being symbolic that David's victory was divinely appointed. Just my 2 cents.
Well, hitting the leg is often easier in V.A.T.S than hitting the head...
But what do they say about the Human Instrumentality Project?
What I don't understand is why it was so remarkable that David slew Goliath with a sling.  A sling is a deadly long range weapon, and the pastoral tribes of Judea and Israel had long experience using them to protect their flocks from wolves.  If I were to bet on a fight between a giant and a scrawny goat herder with a sling, I would pick the goat herder- he can make two or three potentially debilitating shots, at point blank range, before the giant can catch him.
Everyone freaks out over inaccuracies of the bible, but it's to be expected. It's a collection of stories that were originally passed down orally through generations. It's a work of man telling the story of god. It's not the exact details that matter but the message. 
The story of David versus Goliath is actually really David versus Saul. The bible says that Saul was a head taller than everyone, which if Goliath was 6'9 would've made them closer in height. So Saul should have been the champion going out to fight Goliath. It shows how Saul failed at being Israel's king, and how David was willing to do God's will.
Brock Osweiller?
Sweep the leg. Classic Cobra Kai. 
Undertaker could fuck up Goliath
Goliath needed life alert. 
6'9"? And he wanted to be a warrior? Nah, Goliath better get down on the block and grab some rebounds.
When it comes to textual criticism it is important to note that older doesn't imply more accurate. Even though the DSS are old, they are likely nonetheless after the time most textual variants were introduced, and therefore are not necessarily providing a glimpse at an earlier phase of the story than the MT.
"We have this one source. It contradicts the Bible so we are all absolutely certain that THIS version has got to be true." 
I'm 6'5" and I've spent time in South America.  When I was in Mexico City I was a giant for sure.  You could see me no problem in a crowd, like a roving maypole.

6'9", especially in a time where there was really no one else my height would blow people's minds.
ITT: David hard scoped like a noob so it's not impressive he defeated a hardened warrior. I guess a bunch of redditors could do better
1. Exaggerations are common in history. We have been told that Napoleon was short when he was normal.
2. It is possible that Goliath took his helmet off as a taunt to this little kid who tried to threaten him.
3. Have you ever seen what a sharp stone can do in the hands of a skilled person with a slingshot. It can be nearly like a bullet.
4. It has been shown that people do fall forward when hit from the front with a projectile. I believe it has something to do with reflex.
The link directly states that it does say it struck his forehead, however the claim is the word forehead could have been a transcription error because the word for greaves is similar.

This isn't especially convincing, as the argument entirely rests upon "well maybe they wrote it wrong and meant this other word instead" which while not implausible, is significantly less plausible than the default assumption of "they transcribed the word correctly."
just because one contradicts the other doesnt mean its automatically right....

ITT: atheists patting themselves on the back
david was armed with a sling, which was the BC equivalent of a hand gun. goliath was cheated!

I never quite understood how the David v Goliath battle was amazing in anyway. David got a good hit in with a ranged weapon, it doesn't matter how big Goliath was.

It's like saying, "A 16 year old kid defended himself against a 7ft tall mugger armed with a knife. Isn't that amazing?!" - "How did the kid fend off the mugger?" - "He shot him with a Glock 9mm."
[Goliath is also said to have suffered from acromegaly](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2981751/) which would have given him very poor vision and possibly mental issues. So David was the first documented person to beat up a disabled kid.
Well, cubits and spans are just relative distances based on the length of body parts (forearm and hand-width, respectively). If Goliath was massive, he probably had exceedingly big arms, too. Maybe he was four Goliath cubits and a Goliath span tall.
The Dead Sea Scrolls contain a lot of non-Canonical texts.
6'9 is in a few other texts. I think one has 9'9 and I'm not an expert by any means but I do know there is some unknown issues with 'cubits' which is to say an ancient cubit *may* have been different from a later *cubit* or regional. (this comes up a few other places with 'cubits' too)

Anyways, it may well be he hit him in the head and leg. 

Gladwell has a good section on this in his book: 
David and Goliath: Underdogs, Misfits, and the Art of Battling Giants

See, one thing people misunderstand is that this is a kind of 'moral story' about the little underdog who stands up to a big bully however...
..Gladwell explains why **David was not the underdog** and Goliaths size may have made him more vulnerable (especially if he did indeed have 'giantism' ala Andre the Giant or Tony Robbins) but it doesnt matter because:
- The Israelites taking advantage of a 'technicality' in the challenge had it easily won the moment David walked onto the battlefield. It was over. It was a stealth fighter versus a tank. Goliath was the underdog with basically no chance from the start. 

It may be an account of Israelites outwitting a 'contract' on a technicality but its not about a plucky little guy defeating a bully. 
It wasn't the hit with the sling that killed him, IIRC once he's down David cuts his head off
Actually the text can be interpreted to mean his legs rather than his forehead. Those two words are very similar so it's plausible. But It's not like a conclusive contradiction or something. 
Well that escalated...over thousands of years. 
Cubits in ancient Rome/Egypt ranged from 15 to 20 inches. So I imagine the same variance would exist depending on the author's region.But if 4 cubits (at 20 inches) puts him at almost 6'7", then add a span (9 inches), we're talking close to 7'4" when most men were closer to 5 feet. Regardless, of course there's going to be small discrepancies when literally thousands of scribes rewrite manuscripts. I think the ultimate message here is that God let some no-name take down one of the most fierce fighters of that time.
An important thing to remember is that the Dead Sea Scrolls are from the Alexandrian line of manuscripts, which were modified because of the influence of people like Origen who brought about the allegorical method of interpretation of scripture. There are a lot of discrepancies, which lead to changes in modern translations where the footnote will say "this verse is not found in such-and-such manuscripts." Old translations like the King James version, while they use archaic language, are based on the true Antioch manuscripts. Many scholars are mislead to believe the Alexandrian manuscripts because they are more numerous and older copies have been found. Copies of the original text were simply not as well preserved due to materials used.
I always knew Goliath's tindr was lying!
Well, if a 2000-year-old document says something 1000 years later about the height of an enemy of ancestors of its authors after an important victory which is also commemorated in a foundational religious text, it must be true.
It's really a stretch to call this a discrepancy of accounts.  Ancient Hebrew is a very difficult language.  A lot of what we know about ancient Hebrew is actually derived from working backwards from the greek translation (the Septuagint). So nobody can exactly be sure how long an ancient Hebrew "cubit" was.  Ancient measurements were not standardized like they are today.  Thus the translation of a "cubit" from the Hebrew to the Greek to English is going to only be an approximation.  Basically Goliath was a big guy by the standards of his day.
You have to remember the original story was p[probably written down during the time of the Babylonian exile.  The Dead Sea Scroll was a much later version.   Hard to say if either is accurate, but if one is, the earlier version is most likely.
So a little theology.  '6' in the bible is usually a bad number - statues sixty cubits tall, taxes of 600 dollars - that sort of thing.  When you see the number six it is almost always meant to be taken figuratively.

There is always a chance that the person re-writing the book made a copy mistake as they would have been familiar with this principal and just assumed that the height was 6'6" or so. Or it could have been changed by  well meaning theologan.
Somewhere I've read that Goliath didn't stand a chance against David. Goliath might have been a good melee fighter, maybe even the best the troops had to offer. But according to what I've read David was a magnificent hunter who brought his slingshot skills to perfection. Goliath would never have come close enough to deal some damage to David. 

And so the moral of this story: don't judge a book by its cover and never underestimate your rivals.
The common computation as to the length of the cubit makes it 20.24 inches for the ordinary cubit, and 21.888 inches for the sacred one. This is the same as the Egyptian measurements. A rod or staff the measure of a cubit is called in Judg. 3:16 _gomed_, which literally means a "cut," something "cut off." 

So, I guess the OP used the common computation with regard to 4 cubits.  The sacred one, which might be more relevant [I am not a biblical scholar], would yield a calculation of 7.30 feet, or approximately 7' 3.6".
Also it says David cut his head off with his sword. And another verse days that David used goliths sword because he didn't have one
6 feet 9 inches.. seems i'm surrounded by Goliaths here in Holland.
Edit: feet! it's feet!
Also Elhanan son of Jair the Bethlehemite smote goliath the gittite.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/tall] [The folks over at \/r\/TIL reveal that some people in \/r\/tall are bigger than the Bible's Goliath.](https://np.reddit.com/r/tall/comments/3uv0b0/the_folks_over_at_rtil_reveal_that_some_people_in/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I'm shocked and dismayed that the Bible would have factual inaccuracies.
I get the feeling that in that time, if you were 5'8, you were a legit giant.
Fantastic TED talk by Malcolm Gladwell about the David and Goliath story: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziGD7vQOwl8



Wait, you mean translation errors happen when you copy a text hundreds of times by hand and can only be read by a few people? I'm not trying to make any statements about religion in general, but its amazing to me that anyone can be a Bible literalist. 
Relevant links on the topic from Bible experts:

https://carm.org/who-killed-goliath-david-or-elhanan

http://www.gotquestions.org/how-tall-was-Goliath.html
For the rest of the world: 4 cubits and a span is almost [2,05 meters](https://www.google.nl/search?hl=nl&amp;q=4+cubits+and+a+span&amp;gws_rd=ssl#hl=nl&amp;q=4+cubits+and+a+span+to+cm) What feet and inches are, I have no clue.
The Dead Sea scrolls and the Gnostic texts put a very different spin on the Bible, in many ways those books that were removed from the Bible preach something very similar (No, neckbeards, not identical.  Similar.) to Buddhism.  The notions that we must care for each other, that finding God doesn't require a Church or Clergy, that all we truly have is this moment, all were found throughout the Gnostic texts.  Sadly these books were seen as a threat the the Church (Capital C) ~~and so were removed from the final edition of the Bible, they are literally considered "non-canon."~~  
  
But they're a good read, even for a non-believer.  I give them one and a half thumbs up.  
  
Edited: The Gnostic Gospels were written at the same time, or after, the Council of Nicea, so they couldn't have been "removed" from the Bible.  An error on my part.  
  
Edit 2: Since I see that this post has the little, red "controversial" cross next to it I can tell people aren't sure how to vote.  Go ahead and downvote my comment, it was factually inaccurate and corrected in the comments below.  I made a mistake and I worry that upvoting could serve to propagate that error.
[Poor Goliath.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9j3heYZAk8)
So he is [The Mountain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hafth%C3%B3r_J%C3%BAl%C3%ADus_Bj%C3%B6rnsson)


Ed "Too Tall" Jones, former Dallas Cowboy defensive end was also 6'9". He frequently looked like a giant (not the New York kind unfortunately) out there.
Ah, the old football tactic. Hit the big guys low. The bigger they are the harder the fall.
suddenly Big Show vs Rey Mysterio does seem like a bigger David vs Goliath match
Suck it Goliath
Also, a literal translation of the scrolls shows that David's real name was "Bernard Pollard".
Also, if he had gigantism, he was probably near blind. He never stood a chance against David.
[Interesting TED talk on the subject by malcom gladwell](https://www.ted.com/talks/malcolm_gladwell_the_unheard_story_of_david_and_goliath?language=en). 

tl;dw — It wasn't a fair fight. Goliath shows up expecting close-quarters combat, and David dropped him with a ranged weapon before he ever had a chance. Plus, Goliath may have had vision problems associated with his gigantism, and David popped him before he could see that he was in danger.
How certain are people about the length of cubits and spans?
"It is possible..."

Lots of things are possible...

My theory? They mixed up the size of the stone and Goliath. A six foot nine boulder killed a golf ball size man. 
To anyone who is interested in the story of David vs Goliath, Malcolm Gladwell has a very interesting analysis in his book call "David and Goliath: Underdogs, Misfits, and the Art of Battling Giants" 
lol im only 3 inches shorter than Goliath
LoL look at all these redditora comparing themselves to Goliath in terms of hight.  Be sure not to get hit in the leg now, it could be fatal.
Dead sea scrolls sounds so metal
That's still huge today. Back then, the average height for men was probably like 5'1.
couldn't care less
TIL:  Michaelangelo's David, was inspired by  the David from v.Goliath.

(Technically I learned this a month ago on jeopardy)
And he cut off his weiner, not his head.  THe philistines were known as the "long dicks" because they were uncircumsized.  
Did David use V.A.T.S. ?
If you're looking for a good read, check out this link:

http://tccsa.tc/articles/goliath_and_giants.pdf
I have a friend who's 6'10 Most people when they meet him think he's 7 ft tall or even taller sometimes.  So I would imagine since most people were probably 5'5 or less in those days that it could easily seem like 6'9 could be much taller..     6'9 is still a giant to me (5'9)
Checkmate, Christians!
David didn't feel like cruiser waiting, brother.
So fell Lord Perth...
So much cool stuff like this in the Dead Sea Scrolls. Those stories were the ones that were cut from the final version of the Bible.
Aim for the nuts
TIL David did not even kill Goliath. It was another [dude](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elhanan_son_of_Jair), and David was wrongly given credit in the King James translation.

&gt;A Goliath makes another appearance in 2 Samuel 21:19, which tells how Goliath the Gittite was killed by "Elhanan the son of Jaare-oregim, the Bethlehemite." The fourth-century BC 1 Chronicles explains the second Goliath by saying that Elhanan "slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath", apparently constructing the name Lahmi from the last portion of the word "Bethlehemite" ("beit-ha’lahmi").[11] The King James Bible translators adopted this into their translation of 2 Samuel 21:18–19, although the Hebrew text at this point makes no mention of the word "brother". "Most likely, storytellers displaced the deed from the otherwise obscure Elhanan onto the more famous character, David."[12]
Goliath then handed the ball off to C.J. Anderson for a 48 yard TD run in overtime to give the Patriots their first loss.
I can't believe David killed André the Giant
TIL that Yao Ming is a larger threat than Goliath. 
The Dead Sea scrolls are in harmony with the stone striking Goliath in the forehead. the word forehead is used in the scrolls. Shin looks a lot like forehead so people think that these scrolls may have been mistranslated as well.
TIL Goliath was like the same height as Brad Garrett from "Everybody Loves Raymond."
Checkmate Atheists!
I was under the impression we didn't have a solid idea of exactly how large a biblical cubit actually was?
Also, the dead sea scrolls outline the possibility of having a relationship eith god without going to church. This does gel with organized religions, so the dead sea scrolls were not accepted as parts of the bible by the Catholic church because money.
All I'm seeing is that weird puppet animation of a kid and his talking dog learning morality.  That shit creeped me out.
Lies my priest told me
Malcom Gladwell has a whole book about how the David vs. Goliath story is largely embellished and David really wasn't at a disadvantage.
Wikipedia, what a great source
TIL the dead sea scrolls are the historically accurate version of the bible.
Bible: "I caught a fish this big!"
This just in:

Old papers bring up new twist on old fairy tale.
Well i guess the story about an average sized guy beating a guy slightly taller than average using a slingshot like a coward, did not classify as a several thousand year old story.
Til Goliath was shorter than Shaq. 
If you're interested in changing your perspective on the David and Goliath story entirely, check out this TED Talk. Some interesting shit yo https://www.ted.com/talks/malcolm_gladwell_the_unheard_story_of_david_and_goliath?language=en
"Goliath" was essentially just Master-Blaster.
I'm waiting for a bad ass Holly wood movie about Saul Samson or David. Like a dark action film kind of like 300
I watched a very interesting TED talk once by a speaker claiming that the meaning behind the David and Goliath story has changed over time, and that originally it was not a story about an underdog taking on a huge strong warrior.

Principally, the speaker claimed that according to descriptions, Goliath likely suffered from a medical condition which affected his balance and left him more vulnerable, slow and weak than we had assumed.  I think there was also the point that a slingshot is considerably more deadly than most of us in modern times realise.

Edit:

Here's the TED Talk

https://www.ted.com/talks/malcolm_gladwell_the_unheard_story_of_david_and_goliath?language=en

and transcript:

https://www.ted.com/talks/malcolm_gladwell_the_unheard_story_of_david_and_goliath/transcript?language=en
[6'9" 400lbs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aaehn1aY8Ig)
However, there is no evidence that this was the casting for Hagrid.
Completely meaningless info unless we also know David's height. If David was himself 6'5 or something then, meh, big deal.
The bible was translated, by just a few people, and they did a shitty job. Of course, Christians can't take shitty translation as less than "Biblical TRUTH" so... yeah... - Go religion!
Biblical inconsistencies?

Unheard of, this is my shocked face.

Many of these comments are doing the same thing: Assume the bible is absolute truth, then work backwards from that fore drawn conclusion.

The simple fact is the evidence is not there beyond some Hebrew alphabet writings. There are multiple contradictions that develop if you allow the bible to be a reference. For one, Joseph was not the father of Yeshua, yet the validation of Yeshua is by the male line of geneology in the bible, which goes back to Abraham. Mary's geneology does not go back to Abraham.

It is just plain fact that Christ-mass as a holy-day is total fantasy. It is just historical fact that the winter solstice was, and has been recognized by multiple cultures thousands of years before the Hebrew culture. The fantasy birth date of Yeshua was in early spring. The Holy Roman Church tried to stop the pagan winter solstice celebration. The Holy Roman Church failed, and changed the birth date of Yeshua to the middle of the week of winter solstice celebration.

This total fantasy of Christ-mass now has millions  of people stampeding like cattle because of how it has been marketed.
It's too bad that nobody was there to shoot a vertical video and yell WORLDSTAR!!!!
The average height of people back then would have been five feet even, at best, due to sub par nutrition. 6'9" is massive even by today's standards. It's very likely Goliath had a tumour in the pituitary gland, causing him to grow uncontrollably.
Judging by this thread some people would lose their minds to realize there are many different versions of the "bible", early Christian writings and about gnosticism in general. 
Also, the dead sea scrolls outline the possibility of having a relationship eith god without going to church. This does gel with organized religions, so the dead sea scrolls were not accepted as parts of the bible by the Catholic church because money.
I wonder how people still believe anything they read on the Bible
Dead Sea Scrolls is still a shit item though
maybe the Bible stories are just that... stories and not reports of actual fact.
It makes sense, Our history professor at Ohio state called this era the "Dwarven Times" Because Most people were so short.
Current Seminarian here. If you're looking for a deeper text-critical issue of the Bible, 2 Samuel 21:19 actually states that Goliath was killed by "Elhanan the son of Jaare-oregim, the Bethlehemite", a distinct figure from David. 

Most scholars agree that the story of David killing Goliath was actually added much later to develop the character of David even more after his kingship. 

The Chronicler, writing centuries later, seems to recognize the discrepancy and states that Elhanan killed "Lahmi, the brother of Goliath", apparently constructing the name "Lahmi" from the end of the Hebrew word for Bethlehemite.

As the line in the wikipedia article states, most likely, storytellers displaced the deed from the otherwise obscure Elhanan onto the more famous character, David. The Chronicler is motivated to make David look as good as possible, so he removes the David and Goliath narrative altogether.
Modern readers of the David and Goliath story have completely changed its meaning. People reading the story when written would have known that a slinger has a huge advantage over an infantryman, and would be the expected victor. David was never an underdog.
Let's play "Telephone"
To the people saying this disproves the Bible, let's take a different analogy and apply your logic. Let's say that for a certain war during the Roman Empire one source said 19,000 Romans died and then another later source said 20,000 Romans died, does that suddenly mean the battle didn't happen? No, it's just an expected disrepancy caused by oral tradition that doesn't affect the main crux of the story.

Similarly, one source saying 6 feet 9 inches and another saying 9 feet doesn't automatically mean that this event - or indeed all the events in the Bible - automatically didn't occur as some of you seem to be claiming. I know that you want easy answers to big questions but if it was that easy then we would have abandoned this discussion long ago. The truth is unless you are willing to apply the logic you are applying here to everywhere else (e.g. my Romans example above), then you are just doing all you can to convince yourself the Bible is untrue. The issue is however is that if you were to apply the logic you are applying here (i.e. that a change in Goliath's height disproves the Bible) to almost any historical event then pretty much all of them would be untrue due to slight differences and disrepancies which exist between accounts of pretty much all historical events.
\#GoliathLivesMatter
You mean the Bible isn't factual afterall and Christians exaggerated the truth about something? Not like that *happens all the time.*
As a New Testament Christian, I understand that many people do not believe the Bible.

As a New Testament Christian that has considered Atheism and studied mythology, I do not understand people who claim to be knowledgeable and yet deny their humanity to say that all religion is made up to fool people or that a mythological or religious figure just does not exist. To say such things is to silence our inward soul that huddled around a fire in a cave, looked to the outside world, and wondered "Why?"
Thank you for sharing this.  I grew up Christian.  I stopped "practicing" years ago and one of the reasons was because of the integrity of translations were often compromised to suit a particular dogma.  A 6'9" warrior is far more believable than a 9'9" warrior.  I can't even imagine someone that tall being an effective warrior.  
Gosh the people trying to use this point to say "haha the Bible is a book of lies" are being ridiculously anti-intelliectual and forgetting that if it was that easy then there would be no debate in modern academia over Christianity.

The truth is that these are slight disrepancies that do not affect the main story. As to be expected from stories written down years later or passed down via oral tradition, there are going to be differences in minor details regarding the event. HOWEVER what really matters is if the main outcome of the event matches - which in this case it does.

As I've said elsewhere let's take it another way. We have 3 witnesses saying someone murdered someone 10 years ago. One said his coat was brown, one said it was red, one said it was black, but they all say he murdered the victim with a knife to the throat. Does the disrepancy in colour automatically invalidate their testimony? Of course not, it's to be expected over a long period of time that trivial details are forgotten.

Similarly, whilst trivial details in the Bible like Goliath's height may have changed - as is to be expected really - what matters is that the main outcome (that David killed a massive man much bigger than him) is the same. And in this case it is. Indeed, we all have our own stories we maybe we exaggerate a bit and thus lead to differences to the truth, that doesn't mean the main crux of the story didn't happen.

In short if you want to disprove the Bible doing this you're out of luck. If it was that easy do you honestly not think it would have been done 40 years ago by some atheist Biblical scholar? If you could find a proper contradiction - e.g. one version said Goliath killed David - which affects the outcome of the story then you'd have a point. However, slight disrepancies over minor details are certainly not enough to prove that and instead are to be expected considering the oral tradition in which Biblical tales are passed down. Indeed, if we look at it in another way isn't it amazing that despite the oral tradition over thousands of years of Biblical tales that the main crux of the story still stays completely true.

But yes, if you believe you can say "this ridiculously minor disrepancy that is totally expected considering the nature of the Bible exists so everything written in it is must be a lie", then maybe you are a victim of confirmation bias. I mean, unless you are personally saying that making a mistake over the height of a man is the equivalent of mistaking whether or not a man rose from the dead? I don't know about you, but the first is quite forgettable (at least as an exact measurement) whilst the last most certainly is not.

If you really believe you can disprove the entire Bible over a ridiculously trivial EXPECTED disrepancy like Goliath's height then please go ahead, write your paper on the idea and get your Nobel Prize. But sadly, as said earlier most Biblical scholars (atheist and theist) accept that these disrepancies are to be expected, and that as long as the main story doesn't differ between versions they fail as arguments. If one slight and irrelevant factual disrepancy could be used to disprove an entire book then pretty much every book we have right now would be useless.

EDIT: As I want to make my point as clear as possible I thought I'd use a recent analogy. Remember the shootings that happened in Paris a few weeks ago? There were what, how many, eight gunmen in total? Now let's say somehow that information got distorted and it became nine gunmen, and 3000 years in the future they're talking about nine gunmen. Then suddenly, in an archaeological dig they find an original newspaper article that says eight gunmen not nine gunmen. Does that mean that the shooting never actually happened? If you said no to that but are saying yes to a change in Goliath's heigh disproving the entire Bible then maybe you're a victim of confirmation bias. Oh, and don't bother replying to me if you don't respond to this point. Unless you agree that a difference in the number of shooters means that the shootings didn't happen, then you can't go around saying a difference in Goliath's height means the event didn't happen. That's called cherry picking and is very much frowned on in academia.
Does anyone who's studied the Dead Sea scrolls know of any more differences between the text and the biblical canon?
It should be noted that the people who put together the current bible looked at a lot of other texts on top of the Dead Sea scrolls. The Masoretic text, the Vulgate, the Septuigant, various other manuscripts could have all had slightly different accounts. The fact that David killed Goliath isn't even 100% certain. There is another person who is said to kill Goliath in the bible.
Another interesting fact is the bible mentions a person other than David killing Goliath. 

From Wikipedia:  Elhanan son of Jair-Oregim the Bethlehemite appears in 2 Samuel 21:19, where he is credited with killing Goliath, although the translators of the King James Version modified the text to make it read as if he had slain Goliath's brother: "And there was again a battle in Gob with the Philistines, where Elhanan the son of Jaare–oregim, a Beth–lehemite, slew the brother of Goliath the Gittite, the staff of whose spear was like a weaver's beam." (KJV) As this contradicts the better-known story in 1 Samuel 17 in which it is the famous David who kills Goliath, the 4th century BCE Book of Chronicles explains the second Goliath by saying that Elhanan "slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath", apparently constructing the name Lahmi from the last portion of the word "Bethlehemite" ("beit-ha’lahmi").[1] The King James Bible translators adopted this into their translation of 2 Samuel 21:18–19, although the Hebrew text at this point makes no mention of the word "brother".

 Baruch Halpern has suggested that, "Most likely, storytellers displaced the deed from the otherwise obscure Elhanan onto the more famous character, David."[2] The medieval Jewish authors of the Targum Jonathan solved the problem by explaining Elhanan as an alternative name for David, a solution which still has supporters among ultra-conservative[citation needed] Christians and Jews.[3] Moshe Garsiel concludes "that Elhanan is David’s previous name before he became king."[4]

Nonsense regardless...
Is there any evidence these characters existed?
So we're making corrections in fictional stories?
The Egyptians had two cubits, one being the Royal cubit and one standard measure used for things like tide height. Cubit rods have been found as well as cubit markings on walls next to the Nile.
http://www.metmuseum.org/pubs/bulletins/1/pdf/3257092.pdf.bannered.pdf

The problem here is beginning with the conclusion that the bible must be believed first, then work backwards from there. The first five books of the old testament are the books of Moses. There is little doubt, he or an archetype of him, collected the oral traditions together and put them into writing. This was around 1500BCE, which happens to be the time the first evidence of Hebrews shows up in what was Palestine. Those first five books are the foundation for all the rest of the jewish-christian-islam books, including the new testament and koran.  

Moses, or a group known as Moses, put a presumed 5,000 year oral history into writing for the first time, for the Hebrews. Remember, Egypt at this time was a civilization over 2,000 years old with hieroglyph writing long before the written Hebrew language. 

The bible is not the infallible work of god, it is very much the work of fallible men. There are multiple translation errors being found, from the original Hebrew to the St. James, multiple factual errors (bat is a bird, pi is 3, etc.), and now archaeology. One example is finding the city Jericho, and indeed, the walls had tumbled down. However, further examination found the walls fell long before the timeline in the bible, and digging further, found to be several cities before, each one in total ruins. Other researchers studying earthquakes determined there had been a history of massive earthquakes in the area.

The bible is myth, fiction and a few facts. That doesn't make it a total lie. The myths tell an important story, that is why humans have passed it down from generation to generation for over 70,000 years, because it was that important. The myth portion is similar across multiple cultures, sanskrit, cuneiform and hieroglyhs preceding Hebrew by a couple thousand years.
I once beat a burglar with a hockey stick. Years later I heard the story from one of my colleagues at work. The stick had turned into a sausage in the story. The sausage story caught on and I am still called the sausage man. Never trust stories like that. They change all the time.
Well in the end, the little underdog, saves the day by kicking the big guys ass. So all the rest is fuckduggery.
This makes so much sense. Why hit a big guy in the head, and piss him off, when you can kneecap him and just cut his head off while he's on the ground.
The Bible is the longest running experiment of the game called telephone.
Does the Dead Sea Scrolls mention the prophecy of the First or Second Impact or the arrival of 13 different Angels that will destroy us and all of mankind? Just checking.
I think its probably just safest to assume its all entirely fiction. Passed down and re-written many many times. 
I heard a pastor say in his sermon that scientists have confirmed that Goliath was struck in the head with a stone the size of a baseball, and that it hit him in a gap in his helmet. This pastor was a former Congressman.

I've heard other pastors say that it's a scientific fact that all men have one less rib than women, which is an artefact of God taking a rib from Adam to create Eve. I also learned from a pastor during a sermon that carbon dating is garbage because a scientist carbon dated a live snail and it said the snail was billions of years old, so the Earth is actually 6,000 years old.

I wish I was making this up.
When Rah caught Jah slipping and busted him in the knee cap hahaha.
..arms like tree trunks..
Basic MMA then.
posted from wikipedia.  not wasting my time.
The author Malcolm glad well gives a great Ted talk of his story of David and Goliath well worth the watch
If you look at a map of the ancient world you find that all religions especially the big three, all surround the trade roots of these times. So the trade roots brought all these stories together from different cultures. So they traded goods and stories.
Goliath was the original
Knight that said Ni
[I always assumed he was a Nephilim](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nephilim). Not sure if you believe that they were myths, but I think we can agree the world in our history should have had anomalies like this.
I wish I was like 6'9", so I can get with Leoshi, 'cause she don't know me but yo she's really fine.
This man could've played in the NBA.
Goliath Rose
As a Brit, I have no idea what 6 feet 9 inches looks like.
It's nice to see the DSS pop up on the front page! Good work.
Damn only 6'9"? Shaq would fuck Goliath up.
wasn't so much as struck him in the leg as getting caught in between his legging armor while his leg was bent, thus preventing him from being able to stand up. And oddly specific-detail that rings "truer" than the other descriptions.
What do they say about the giant robots, though?
I remember Goliath National Bank xD. Get the reference? 
Sounds like David got lucky. The rock he slung happened to land in just the right part of Goliath's greaves (while running?) that Goliath could not extend his leg and fell down. 

If David slung a rock like that through skill, he probably deserves the legend. 
The biggest giant was 6ft 9 ? This means that the ancient Hebrews must have been dwarves.
... SOOOOO, Wikipedia is more truther than other truthish truths now? ... I can has some confuse? ...
[So basically this guy](http://i.imgur.com/TIDJK.gif)
I saw an episode of Star Talk Radio recently and they were discussing the historical aspect of David vs. Goliath. They were positing that Goliath suffered from giantism which extremely diminished vision is a side effect. Supposedly the original agreement was David and Goliath would find hand to hand where the vision issue would be a non-factor. Yet David somehow realized this, maybe because he saw him stumbling and decided to go at him with him sling instead. He kept throwing at Goliath until he went down and his Army fled as he had never lost a fight before. Apparently Goliath was screaming "Where are you?" during the battle. 
Actually I think that the stone would've been enough to knock him unconscious allowing David to cut off his head... https://www.ted.com/talks/malcolm_gladwell_the_unheard_story_of_david_and_goliath?language=en
6'9" is pretty huge by today's standards, no less back then.  
6'8 and 5/8ths, Al.
Being 6'3 I kind of want to go back those times and live like a god.

EDIT: Can't forget to take my 6'7 brother
Blake Griffin was taller than goliath? 
manlets, when will they learn?
TIL I'm 4 inches shorter than fucking goliath...
There is actually evidence of giants , they found and documented with photos a mummy in Ireland i think that was over 10 feet tall 

Some source pictures proven real but obviously covered up as calling them "fakes" like someone could fake this back in the early 1900's , if you research into it it gets scary how hard these people are invested in telling you every giant or evidence of giants found is fake

It's like when someone goes too far to defend themselves they make it too obvious something is fishy , if it was pure bullshit you could just brush it off like the rest of the bullshit 

http://www.sott.net/image/s9/192317/full/giant_nephilim_skeleton_Califo.jpg

http://unexplainedmysteriesoftheworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/Fossilized-Irish-Giant.jpg
Man if they thought Goliath was big, Shaq would scare the shit outta them.
This makes more sense....
William Wallace grew immensely with every tale about him that was told. I think he wound up at 7 foot something by the time the stories stopped.
So he just tripped and died? 
why not use the only logical counting system, the metric system?! 206 cm. 
Do you guys remember that video game where you were David and fought minions and had a slingshot and stuff, I can't recall its name at all 
"Sweep the leg." 
Well, now I don't know what to believe!
I can't stop laughing..what scroll is that?
https://youtu.be/oASVj3fH02g
Well, the 6 foot 9 measurement is just an estimation as a cubit and span are both different according to each individual.  They both describe lenghts from different parts of the hand or arm. Since each person has a different arm lenght and hand size, he could easily be taller. Or possibly shorter.  It really depends on the cubit of the writer of that dead sea scroll.
I didn't see it stated in the article the way you put it maybe I missed it.
I will now forever describe someone tall as "Eight posts and a toss of the hen". 

Of this I thee foreswear. I foreswear.
I knew I should of put this in TIL x.x

https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/3ul4ts/z/cxfxjnp

But yeah, Dead Sea is MUCH more believable for David and Goliath
Do we really have that accurate knowledge of how big a cubit was back at the time of the Dead Sea scrolls?
About 205 cm (2.05 m) to the rest of the world
&gt; In the first place, he notes that archaeological information suggests that Philistine helmets generally had a forehead covering, in some cases extending down to the nose.  Why (he asks) should David aim at such an impenetrable spot (and how did it hit with such force to penetrate thick bone)?

That counter-assertion seems so block-headed and obtuse.
TIL I'm almost as tall as Goliath.
With the 'Force Awakens' , does Harrison Ford stand a chance?
You can see the true correlation between great actors and highest grossing by this list.

http://www.the-numbers.com/people/records/top-grossing-stars-in-all-roles

Out of the Top 5,  Lee's roles are all cameos, while Welker, Bergen and Ratzenberger are voice actors.
Well that's cause the guy will star in absolutely anything, which is weird cause he's a great actor and it's not like he's desperate for work.  I mean Formula 51?  Sankes on a Plane?  all the other shitty B movies he's been in.  And then he follows it up with some awesome A list movie or Tarantino film.  I guess he just really really likes making movies, and power to him.
Wait what? The Harry Potter movies grossed $7.7 billion (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_highest-grossing_films#Highest-grossing_franchises_and_film_series), and Daniel Radcliffe appeared in all of those (obviously) plus a few others, so shouldn't he be higher than Samuel L. Jackson at $7.4 billion? 
Fucking Samuel L Jackson. 

I'll be flicking channels and some random movie i never heard of (in the most recent case, Sphere) comes on and i start watching. All of the sudden fucking Samuel L Jackson appears on the screen. My man. 
He's a wildly successful actor who's been in everything, but is almost never the lead actor...
Does it only count movies that you atleast had a supporting role in, or does it also count movies you were an extra in?
I thought cliff claven was number one
It's a shame he wasn't in gone with the wind. 

"Frankly my dear I don't give a damn, mother fucker."
He does so many movies a year, its impressive.  Acting isn't all about quantity though.
Ha ha. They screwed up the article. That's a photo of Laurence Fishburne!
"His" movies...

Yeah, Phantom Menace was so all about him
Well, half of that is Star Wars and The Matrix...
That tends to happen when you're in everything ever made. 
I thought it would have been Frank Welker. 
I imagine if they keep making Marvel movies, eventually Stan Lee with all his cameos might surpass Mr. Jackson.
Yet he still does credit card commercials. Proves that some actors don't do it for the money, but for the art.
When you never turn down a role the money starts to add up.
How the hell is Elizabeth Banks above RDJnr?
Mace windu didn't die. He hang on to the ledge several floors down. Manage to hide himself from the dark side and travelled to some remote planet like yoda . 

He will return in part 8 and 9.

No shit, put him in a movie and I will go watch it. 
And from what I've heard, he's one of the most grounded, nicest guys around. Some friends were working on Tropfest in Sydney ages ago when he was a guest. He was sitting in the VIP area on a plastic chair just waiting for things to get set up and really happy to just sit and have a relaxed conversation with the people around the place
Every black guy in a movie is Sam L Jackson. It is true. Source : Ted2
I could have sworn that was Lawrence Fishburne
I'm done with the motherfucking lists on the motherfucking book of Guinness records
I wonder how much he earns on the comercials he get? When I watch NHL streams he is on this betting commercial. he must earn a shitload from that
I never understood the logic since he wasn't the star of a lot of the films.  The Star Wars prequels are a good example where he wasn't even in them for very long and the role could have been played by anyone.  Harrison Ford on the other hand was the star of all the movies except maybe some of his smaller early work.
Why?
Did it say black guy
Best movie he was in is still Coming to America
He's come a long way from  that kid who robbed McDowell's.
This is honestly surprising to me. I intuitively wouldn't think of him as the most successful actor of all time, or even one of the top five actors.
For a little while this record belonged to Larry King. If you look him up it's surprising how many cameos he's done. 

Star Wars, Avengers, the Incredibles, Die Hard, Jurassic Park
Motherfucker!
Yes but is he the highest paid actor?
He has a combination of willing to do basically anything and also being a part of extremely profitable franchises like the Avengers and the star wars prequels.
Biggest douche ever too
*"TIL Samuel L Jackson is recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records as the* person who has used the phrase Motherfucker in movies the most times.

That's what I was expecting it to say.
Well, it happens when you star in every fucking movie ever!
In lots of the movies I've seen him in he's a supporting actor. I wonder how it works out if you correct for time on screen
Stan lee is going to mess around and overtake all of them
"His" movies my ass. Movies he's happened to have a small role in, more like. He's rarely the star of anything, and these days, his roles aren't even big enough to be classified as supporting...
Anyone else surprised to find Elizabeth Banks at #16 as the highest ranking female actor?   I would have thought it would be someone like Angelina Jolie or Natalie Portman or Emma Watson.
This is one of those things where quantity over quality is not a good thing.
I've never heard of him

Have you ever watched any movie ever, ya he's the black guy
and not a dime since 
Have you seen any movie ever? He's the black guy.
What about Stan Lee ?
Samuel L. Jackson don't play motherfuckers.
What's really impressive is that Warwick Davis is #3 with over $10.1 billion gross worldwide. I want me gold.
Because Sam's the man, mother fucker 
How the hell is Elizabeth Banks above RDJnr?
Now imagine if they accounted for commercials too! "What's in your Wallet?!"
To the man Samuel L Jackson , I thank you for your massive contribution to film. 
Then why does he always seem so angry?
Rich motherfucker ! 
He does so many movies a year, its impressive.  Acting isn't all about quantity though.
What?
What's in your wallet?
He also once demanded the director keep Snakes on a Plane as the title to...Well, Snakes on a Plane.

It was supposed to be something cooler but he was all "If it's not as dumb as possible I am not doing it"
Then why does he have to do Capital One commercials?
"As of 2011."  Didn't Gary Oldman recently overtake him?
That's because he's been in every movie ever made 
The irony here is I've never gone to see a film because it had Sam Jackson in it.
And I'm pretty sure Samuel L. Jackson appeared in all of those made a lot of content without becoming stale.
Other actor made movie greats. He just stared in great movies. 
America, so racissssssssss!
Warwick Davis has a mean average. $172 million per movie.
Cool, but it is kinda frustrating that it ends with "Well ahead of the pack" with out actually describing the pack. I'm curious who number 2 and 3 are?  
That makes sense, seeing as he's in every third movie ever.
"you ever saw a movie ? -- he's the blach guy"
Yea because he whores himself out for every fucking movie 
Yeah, I'm having a hard time thinking of a movie I thought he was good the way B list movies are good, sure.
I guess the owners knew it was the greatest thing my little mind had ever seen.
Helps when you're in every movie.
Don't forget commercials. 
But he have never once had a starring role. He has always played supporting characters with small amounts of scene time. Many of the movies he was in he had only a few minutes of screen time and only a few lines.
This is crazy because now he is doing credit card commercials. I had no idea he made that much making a whole bunch of cheesy movies.
Thank you ! I didn't want to be the one who says it! :p
I thought he and Gary Oldman were pretty much tied.
"Dude, loved you in the Matrix!" say all his fans.
He does indeed. We recently presented Sam with his certificate during his appearance on UK TV when he was promoting his charity work for One For The Boys: https://twitter.com/gwr/status/641956003035095040
So he truly is one "Bad Motherfucker"?
yeah but half of it was from the 3 star wars prequels. and while he had a bigger role than most in that movie, he was hardly the reason those movies made so much money.
Sankes on a Plane? all the money Iron Man means all the other shitty B movies he's been in.
Daniel Radcliffes films had made 7.7 billion by 2011
Something tells me that Harrison Ford is about to destroy that....
What a bullshit record. All of the highest grossing movies he was in, he was not the lead or even the main supporting. By this logic, if I was an extra in Titanic, I could claim "my" movie grossed over a billion dollars.
Well if they would give *other* black men besides Morgan Freeman a job in Hollywood , this wouldn't be the case.
Fuck that. I want to know how much HE made. Not gross.
There has to be a different gauge between ensemble movies and major star movies.  

By no means does he carry the Star Wars' or Avengers' franchises.

The box office count should be figured proportionately.
Maybe he just really really likes making movies, even without looking at the list.
Is this even a big deal? It should come as no surprise since he will apparently take any role that is offered to him. He's in like every single movie ever.
That is horse shit. He was a minor supporting role. Leads only should be counted.
That is horse shit. He was a minor supporting role. Leads only should be counted.
Reminds me of the episode of House (Season 4, Episode 14, "Living The Dream") where he was watching his favorite soap, noticed a set of subtle and diffuse symptoms in the main actor, and suspected him of having a condition. But instead of emailing the production company like this nurse, he kidnapped the guy and coerced him into consenting to invasive tests and procedures. Eventually saved his life (correctly diagnosed a quinine allergy), but still a tremendous dick about it.

By the way, here's a fun way to study for medical ethics exams: if any of the answer choices seem like something House would do, they are not the correct answer.
Kinda like when you get a dick pic and notice the person has mumps.
[Here's](http://i.imgur.com/cf5Q4us.jpg) the photo of the lump (thanks, Doctor's!).

[Possibly related](http://img2.timeinc.net/people/i/2013/news/130923/tarek-el-moussa-300.jpg)

[Tarek and his wife](http://media.thedoctorstv.com/www.thedoctorstv.com/Static/files/Images/6017/tarek_meets_ryan.jpg) meeting his savior nurse, Ryan Reed, on TV.

Ryan Reed's audacity to trust her experience and reach out to a stranger likely saved Tarek's life. I commend her as an exemplary nurse.




TIL radio iodine treatment turns you into a non-feral ghoul 
Something happened similar to this on Australian breakfast TV, a viewer called in worried about a mole on a presenters neck or face (can't remember specifically), so the presenter got it checked and it turned out it was a melanoma. Crazy to think that a totally random stranger can save another persons life just through a very random minor observation.
God bless HDTV and 1080p or higher!!!
True story:

While in the labour room while I was being born, the doctor patted my dads back and noticed a lump on his neck. Turned out to be thyroid cancer and most likely saved his life. My nonna always gushed that I was the "angel baby" while growing up. 
My mom had thyroid surgery a couple years back.  For some reason she had to get her medical records this year,  from the doctors notes it says she had thyroid cancer,  which she never knew about.  I don't know of if this is common.  Did her doctor lie and tell her she didn't have thyroid cancer? 
I don't understand how some doctors can say it is nothing and make it seem like they don't want to run the proper tests. What is the harm? I rather do it and find out if there is something than not do it and find out something is wrong later. This guy is extremely lucky.
My lymph nodes (under my jaw) are always swollen every day, and sometimes I get extreme pain radiating out of them. It hurts so bad and I hold down on the spot, hoping it will stop, but the pain continues.  Then nothing for days, then pain.

I think I need to become a television host.  My doctors just always say, "swollen glands.. you must be getting a cold".  Between that and my hyoid bone continually popping out, I might as well get a permanent neck brace.
This is honestly how I found out I had brain cancer:

I was at a family X-mas party with my wife and her father, a retired doctor witnessed me having a seizure. Albeit brief, he realized what it was and insisted I see a neurologist. Fast forward 5 years, I [had brain surgery](https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5180/5444532708_b2d983b13f_o.jpg) to remove a grade2 ganglioglioma about the size of a golf ball (3cm) from the left temporal, which ended my seizures. I have been cancer free now for 9 years. 
I am glad the dude is okay, but this is what I hate about their show:

The original budget for the surgery was $10,000, but after getting inside the patient.....we saw that this guy was a wreck.  We brought in a specialist and it turns out we need to replace the entire thyroid and inside and outside throat.  This quadrupled our budget and we ended up paying $40,000 for this surgery.  

WHO THE FUCK IS MAKING YOUR BUDGETS!  The whole point of a budget is to factor in incidental costs.....including unforeseen repairs.  If week in and week out you go over budget by tens of thousands of dollars....you don't have a flipping problem...you have a budgeting problem.  You should fire your fucking accountant and hire a competent accountant that understands how to budget a major project.  
Ha! I was watching this today and noticed the husband had a scar on his neck. Thought to myself, hmm...thyroid issues? Am also an RN.
im more impressed the production company actually read the email
First thing I thought of was [this](http://youtu.be/llkHa-6V5TY)
You just [copy/pasted](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=Flip+or+flop&amp;restrict_sr=on) the exact same title, or have you posted this before?
Chuck Close also had [such a phenomenon](http://www.bioethics.net/2013/02/diagnosing-art/).

Close painted a [large portrait of his father-in-law](https://www.flickr.com/photos/nostri-imago/3136597863), and the painting was so detailed that a Ophthalmologist noticed symptoms of Carcinoma. He contacted the father-in-law, and was able to treat him in time to save his vision.
ITT: people feeling their necks
I like that show, that girl is hot
The same thing happened to a Big Brother contestant in Australia. A doctor was watching the show and noticed a lump on her neck and it ended up being thyroid cancer.

Source:  http://mobile.news.com.au/news/live-wired/story-fna7dq6e-1111114829970
 "I actually went to the doctor twice for it, and they said it's nothing." 

Thats the scariest bit - as someone with Graves Disease (thyroids fucked up and cancer was on the table at first) if the nurse at my Uni hadnt spotted something was up when I went in for something completely different who knows how sick I would have gotten before it got treated. 
My mom watches this show. I hate the couple because the wife is a uppity bitch and Tarek has a face and personality that you want to punch repeatedly. I'm glad they caught it though and got him help. As annoying as the dude is, I dont want anything fatal to happen to him.
cool, but in your title why didn't you just say a registered nurse instead of "a woman (a registered nurse."
My girlfriend watches that show and I would always point out the lump in his neck. It was really apparent in the interview shots. I'm surprised it took a random viewer to point this out to him. I just assumed he had some sort of thyroid problem. 
It doesn't say if he actually thanked the nurse who caught it. That's a dick move if he didn't.
That nurse s a superheroine.
why wouldnt you just say 'A registered nurse was watching..."
Reminds me of the story of the registered nurse getting a golden shower from a girl, and realizing she had diabetes because her urine was too sweet.

EDIT: [Sauce](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3h3nxv/tifu_by_encouraging_female_ejaculation_nsfw/)
She gave him thyroid cancer? Witch!!
And he's doing well now!
This happened on Oprah once; they aired some of the post-show footage (where the guest answers the audience's questions) because this one dude was kind of funny, and a nurse called in and told the show that the huge ass lump on his neck needed to get checked out. It was like a golf ball sticking out, I dunno how he never noticed it before.
Interesting fact: medical students are presented studies which provide guidance on when a nurse's beliefs and intuitions might be signal vs noise, such as when a nurse has an intuition on children up to a certain age.
I want to know what two doctors felt confident enough to eyeball a thyroid nodule and say, "nah that's benign."
Two years later: 
After Battling Thyroid Cancer, HGTV's Tarek El Moussa Thrilled to Be Expecting a New Child with Wife Christina 

http://www.people.com/article/tarek-el-moussa-christina-el-moussa-hgtv-flip-flop-thyroid-cancer-pregnancy-update-exclusive
Cool story. Hot lady. Terrible show. 
Is it just me or do you find yourself watching a lot of HGTV? I feel like its the new MTV.
and here i am with my lymph nodes swollen for 6 months. it started out in the ones under my jaw, then my armpits, then groin, and now the tiny ones on the back of my neck.

my doctors dont seem to care after they found out its not cancer or mono. i went to an oncologist and they said its not cancer(they did ct scan and blood test but no biopsy) so now ive just been sitting in pain for 6 months because nobody wants to figure out why my glands are swollen. fml. i literally have so much fatigue that by 4pm im just completely wiped out.
You people don't realize how serious thyroid problems are. They are very common and usually go undiagnosed because of the inefficient way the US healthcare system does tests. My mom had so many problems, ranging from high blood pressure, cold head, back problems, sickness, you name it. 3-4 years they did a bunch of tests, INCLUDING a thyroid test, MRI's, and found nothing. They just kept giving her medications related to the symptoms she had, which made her worse. Our family ended up deciding to go to our motherland as a vacation. Despite the very high level of poverty in the country, the health care system puts the US one to shame. My mom decided to go to the doctor to see if they had any results, and they ran a full diagnosis and found that she had 400x the level of hormones she should've had, and her thyroid was swollen from the inside. After we came back to the US, my mom wanted to see the doctor to see if her results were accurate. She went to the doctor for a full thyroid diagnosis, and they kept resisting saying a full one needed a doctor's written permission. She said she had the results with her and after hesitation they went ahead with the test, and she got the SAME results. To this day we can't find the right medication in the US, and she depends on the generic one given by the doctors there.
"Hello? Yes, is this the record company? Ugh-huh, yeah, I was just calling to tell you your host has cancer. You're welcome"
I really appreciate people like this who take action. Most people (including me) may notice the lump and say "meh...I'm sure someone will report it.
3 years ago I was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma, because I had a bump on my neck.  Looking back at photos before I got diagnosed: the lumps were clearly there, I had just never noticed them.
Billy Connolly was diagnosed with early Parkinsons disease after a doctor, who met him by chance in a hotel, recognised the way Billy was walking could be a symptom and recommended Billy speak to his own doctor.

http://www.themercury.com.au/news/tasmania/launceston-surgeon-gary-fettke-diagnoses-billy-connollys-parkinsons-in-hotel-lobby-encounter/story-fnj4f7k1-1226840175553

(edit : phrasing)
Man in the new seasons commercials he looked really skinny and pale. I joked with my wife that he looked like he had cancer. 

Now I feel like a dick. 
Not a single photo of the nurse who spotted it. No thank you or statement of appreciation.

What the fuck?
Reading this has just made me finally book a appointment with the dermatologist about a lump on my neck I've been trying to ignore. 
And there was a famous dude who volounteered as a firefighter during the 9/11 attacks. That mans name?  Steve Buscemi
Remember that House M.D. episode?
This happened in Ireland some years ago - a doctor was watching a minister debate on tv when they noticed that their neck was very swollen and distended - turned out they were actually quite sick. 
Just like something out of the show House M.D
My girlfriend went through the process of thyroid identification and biospy this year. She had half removed then the other half. Thyroid cancer is the most common cancer in the US now. That nurse was on point with what he noticed. If anyone ever wants to see one of the top specialist for thyroid issues please contact me and I'll be sure to send you his info. 

Note: the surgeon that performed this surgery on Tarek absolutely butchered his scar. 
His wife is everything hitler ever dreamed of.
Damn his wife looks so different without all that makeup.
[deleted]
I watch this show quite regularly.  [It's not for the flipping though...](http://img003.lazygirls.info/people/christina_el_moussa/christina_el_moussa__jpeg_image_640_960_pixels_scaled_92__8Wguq3Zj.sized.jpg)
This is also how David Niven found out he had ALS. Someone noticed him slurring slightly on a Television interview and told him to get checked out. 
this is so old...
TIL; Having a neck lump gets you a smoking hot wife.
I used to watch this show because of how hot his wife is.... now I feel bad. 
A positive use of "see something, say something." 

A family members lung cancer was discovered by an ER nurse who trusted his gut. 

The cough the family member came in with "just didn't sound right" even though they had gone to see their own doctor multiple times and that doctor was like, "eh, it's allergies." 

The ER nurse got the process started and got them in for some xrays which found something odd, which led to a biopsy. And that got the ball rolling early enough that they didn't even need chemo or therapy just surgery to remove the single tumor.

And this was an ER nurse just doing his daily shit, he really didn't have to care or follow up. But he did.
In a similar vain; the comedian Billy Connolly discovered he had Parkinson Disease after an Australian fan noticed his strange gait as he walked through a hotel lobby and urged him to go to the doctors. 
This is some House M.D. shit right here.
Thanks, now I'm checking my neck and getting paranoid 
Is the the new "TIL Steve Buscemi volunteered as a firefighter on 9-11"? I feel like this gets posted every-other month.
Not as good as the dude who drank pee and diagnosed diabetes. 
r/titlegore
I have a stone in my neck and the symptoms are similar to thyroid cancer and I'm still scared I might have that. 
Steve Buscemi was a firefighter during 9/11.
It's annoying theyt didn't show a picture of the lump before surgery. How is it that someone can spot a lump in someone's neck on T.V. and the person with the lump doesn't realise it's there?
Forgot about the dude and his lump,  I just want to see his wife naked
I love nurses. It's because of stuff like this. They will be the first ones to say "Hi. No. You need help. Hold still."
FIGHT for yourself at the doctor. ADVOCATE for yourself. Doctors are not gods, they do NOT know everything. YOU know your body more than anyone else. I had to see FOUR SEPARATE DOCTORS about the fact that I was having migraines every day for five weeks before I found a doctor who would take me seriously and give me more advice than "go home and take a painkiller". 

Also, WOMEN. This applies SPECIFICALLY to you. I studied Health Law and read numerous articles about how women are specifically reluctant to advocate for themselves at the doctor's office because they don't want to seem pushy or rude, and they are also more likely to not be taken seriously by the doctor. 

All in all EVERYONE: get your checks up. Advocate for yourself. Get that pap smear, go get that colonoscopy, check out that mole. Diseases happen to everyone, and sometimes there's nothing that you can stop it, but the worst thing in the world is to know that maybe if you had just checked up on it earlier, you would be fine. 
For those wondering, [this](http://cdn.images.dailystar.co.uk/dynamic/1/photos/321000/620x/112321.jpg) is the growth she somehow noticed.
I think it was Oliver Sacks who told the story that he was on a tv show and noticed one of the other guests walking funny, and told him to get checked for Parkinsons. 
Like a real life House episode!
wow! I used to watch this show. Sorry to hear they're going through this.

But hey, I love it that the nurse saw something and decided to take action at risk of looking crazy or being totally ignored.  
I can't find the space to write my 'TODAY I LEARNED?wHERE IS IT?
Aww man, I love that show.  
Thyroid cancer eh? Wonder where he lives, sorry it happened though.
I noticed Vanna White had some junk in her trunk, but I decided to let it go. 
For some reason I couldn't help but read this article in that Christina woman's voice (Tarek's wife). God her voice drives me up the wall, but I do watch that show from time to time. 
Similar thing happened to my mom last summer. Her aunt (93 years old) noticed it in a few pictures of my mom, emailed my grandma, and then my grandma called my mom. Crazy how it may have gone on longer if not noticed on Facebook!
how about a little credit for the nurse here?
The whole thyroid cancer -&gt; spread to local lymph nodes -&gt; radioactive iodine therapy is pretty common, right? As in, if you have thyroid cancer, the other two things are almost a given?

The good thing is that cancerous thyroid cells allow you to generally use radioactive thyroid as a treatment, which is way more targeted of a therapy than general chemo since thyroid cells absorb iodine at a drastically higher rate than virtually every other cell. If you have to pick a cancer, you could do worse than picking one that has a built-in pathway to absorb treatment without hurting peripheral cells.
Well Dr House did the same but he actually went to find the guy how had erectile dysfunction
Something is seriously wrong with doctors being "unconcerned" and untrusting of their patients. They make horrible scientists. Scientists are supposed to assume that they're wrong and search for a way to prove themselves wrong. Not assume they are always right.
Kind of like the guy who figured out during sex that a girl had diabetes because her pee was sweet.
Reminds me of the episode of House where he's convinced one of the actors in his Soap has cancer...
I don't understand how some doctors can say it is nothing and make it seem like they don't want to run the proper tests.
And the TV hosts used to hate HD
I had Thyroid Cancer at the same time he did. If you ever have to get a cancer, Thyroid Cancer is the one to get. A surgery and a few iodine uptakes and you're good-t-go. Got off easy as far as cancers go. 
Want there a similar diagnosis where someone posted a picture of themself and someone else noticed am eye condition from the lack of redeye in one eye?
ELI5: why are some doctors unable to identify if a lump is cancerous or not. What else would it be besides cancer?
If I can save one life, my invention will be worth it. - guy who invented tv probably.
Similar happened to my cousin. She was at the dentist getting a check-up and they noticed a small lump near her ear. Turned out to be cancer, thankfully early stages so she is all better now after surgery and treatment.
At least that lump didn't contain his twin
It seems that all thyroids do is cause problems. Can people live without them?
Reminds me of that guy who peed on a pregnancy test, got positive result and joked about it on Reddit. Users urged him to get tested since a positive result could mean problems.

Found out early on that he had testical cancer.
I believe something similar happened with Muhammed Ali.

Someone saw him on TV and got in touch with his management to tell them that he was showing symptoms of Parkinsons. My dad told me that story, I'd ask him for a source if he didn't pass away in 2004..
Someone should probably contact Kelly Dempsey on this season of project runway then: http://i.imgur.com/W5gWJIq.jpg
One time I saw a video on redtube of a lump on a penis, I left a comment. I hope he got it checked.
I watch this show with my mom all the time... 
Reading this my blood test came back with calcium 10.5.

I have a swollen lymphnode about the size of a raisin? (Less than a marble, shaped like a deflated basketball lol.

Should I be worried? The doctor felt my throat and everything and said not to be worried. I believe it's gone down a bit since then and for a period of about 4 days 2 months ago it radiated pain pretty bad. Symptoms left after people at work told me gurgle salt water. My girlfriend caught a horrible cold for the past 2 months as well but the doctor said it wasn't contagious? No other weird things but I believe the pain honestly came after I would mess with it. Like now I never remembered it was there until reading this thread and now I can feel it there after messing with it. 
Now I'm all worried I have a tumor that no one will ever notice because I'm all alone
House's choices may not be the correct answers, but they get the job done... eventually.
My mom is a registered nurse and my dad is a thyroid cancer specialist.  I had to double check that this was not them...
&gt;Tarek, 32, knew something was amiss. "I was having a harder time swallowing, and this lump was getting bigger," he tells PEOPLE. "I actually went to the doctor twice for it, and they said it's nothing. So, once I saw [the note from Read], I was like, 'You know what? I need to get a second opinion.' " 

I don't know whether to be pissed that the doctor overlooked a common sign of thyroid cancer that even a registered nurse knows, or happy for the bright caring nurse who stopped at nothing to save a stranger's life. I'd give her gold if I could. Fuck doctors!
Isn't there an episode of House MD based on this?
Same thing happened with "Coronation Street" in the UK.
So this gives me an excuse to watch more TV. "I'm saving lives, Dad!"
I remember that one of the former Big Brother Australia housemates got diagnosed when a doctor was watching the show and saw a lump on her neck. Who'd a thunk it.
I don't know about my thyroid, but my hypochondria sure is swelling up after reading this. Am I the only one who keeps feeling up his neck?
My brother had a similar lump on his throat. I kept saying it was just his adam's apple. Thankfully my parents took it more seriously and showed it to my aunt who in turn referred us to oncologists. Turned out it was papillary carcinoma. Had his thyroid , parathyroid and thymus glands removed. Boy is a-ok now. Needs regular check ups every 6 months or so though.
I didn't know phone call could remotely cause thyroid cancer. 
You mean paupers breakfast.  My family had servants massaging their soft boiled eggs and lining up their baked beans. 
TIL how to get upvotes. Just repost old things in the same subreddit. [This idiot.. only 800 karma.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/30p4mi/til_that_while_watching_a_flip_or_flop_marathon_a/)

Does the tv host even thank the fan who brought this to his attention? I would say a shout out to that fan on the show is called for! 
repost

Wasn't this an episode of House, MD?
You can get your thyroid removed? what are the downsides to not having a thyroid?
Evidently thyroid issues are common in women.  
My wife had a blood test done back in September and there are "suspicious" cells.  She is having half of the thyroid removed in a week and may have to have the other half taken out shortly after once they check it.  
Not a word in that story about being grateful to the nurse for her compassion and decency? 
That's cool but no one else thinks that's a weird thing to do? Usually when someone has something out of the ordinary going on with their body, we do our best to pretend its not there. It is weird to me that she thought, "this man has a possibly cancerous lump on his neck, maybe he doesn't know about it and I will call in to this TV show to try to alert him to it." Maybe that saved his life but that's weird and not a normal thing to do.
Most men ignore thyroid problems. They feel it's a woman's disease. 11 years ago I woke up with a huge lump on my neck and had to get my thyroid taken out. Once removed I felt better then I had in years. 
This happened on reddit
That always went way worse on House.
I went to high school with Ryan, the girl who noticed it. 

I had a crush on her in the 10th grade, and went to perhaps the best high school party I attended at her house. 

Cool girl. 
Photo seems a little invasive.
A similar thing happened on Australian TV with a host of one if the Big Brother shows (who had been a contestant on a previous season).
Holy shot. Finally! A use for that show. That makes it better than the TSA by 1 point! Its  a close game
I guess I've read every possible thing there is because this is at least the third time I've seen this tidbit on the front page.
I found this interesting, life saver well done.

Pretty much the exact same thing happened on Australian TV too!

 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bree_Amer

It's interesting to think that this could be a positive side effect of TV and social media. 

This is incredible. 
yeah, but can you diagnose breast cancer just from watching tv?
The same thing happened to Billy Connolly with his Parkinsons, after a fan spotted him walking strangely: http://dailym.ai/1MPp5ae  
Sounds like an episode of House.
I had the same cancer when I was 19. No biggie. Was back in the gym dead lifting a week after the surgery with my neck glued together. 2 weeks in the ward watching telly in my own room was more like a holiday than anything else.

Not a big deal.
&gt;wanted to hug me and watch TV every night and give kisses, and we couldn't do that." 

*wwwrreeennchhhhhhh*
I hate to say it, but in most cases even if it is life or death and you have to have surgery once the cancer has been cut out it often spreads. I have had several family members with cancer and the ones who chose to have surgery did well for maybe a year and then it came back and hit them hard. My father however did nothing about it. No treatments or anything and lived a solid 3 years.
TIL lots of people don't notice things growing on their own necks.
Does anyone have a picture of what she saw in the episode?
Yes, inside the lump, was my twin 

Is he ok today?
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/notcirclejerk] [TIL A woman (registered nurse) was watching the show "Flip or Flop" on HGTV and noticed a lump on hosts neck. Emailed production company to make them aware and host ended up having thyroid cancer and didn't know. : todayilearned](https://np.reddit.com/r/notcirclejerk/comments/3t5qkp/til_a_woman_registered_nurse_was_watching_the/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
That guy is an ass...his wife is hot though...like superhot
My wife was looking up at me and I noticed a lump on her throat one day.  She went to the doctor and got it checked out.  Turned out it was thyroid cancer.  Now I have the Ace whenever we fight, 'well I saved your life...'
Reminds me of something I saw on Reddit 2 years ago...

he's a lucky man.  lost my bro to that type of cancer 
This is just one more reason to like women.
It's just my mates,  Larry and Barry.
Missed twice by doctors. Took ER nurse to see it over TV. Doesn't give me lots of faith in doctors.
[deleted]
That's some real House M.D. shit right there. 

Crazy luck the 1 person watching this show was able to spot something like that.
The article completely forgets about the nurse after like the 2nd paragraph 
Wasnt that on Seinfeld? With George and his boss Krueger?
10/10 people reading this are now feeling up their necks. 
Judging by the thumbnail, they fell in love.
/r/titlegore
I believe this falls under the category of '360 No Scopes'
So if she didn't send the mail, he would have been okay? Now I understand why curiosity kills the cat. 
I love this show
I don't like their characters, so I always root for a flop on their show, but it never happens.  As a decent human, I hope he recovers without issue.  As a decent American, I hope the show will live up to its name.  FLOP!  FLOP!  FLOP!
Can confirm. Work on the show, been a camera operator for the last year. It was an unbelievable story
How do you allow a thump on your neck to get that big and not get it looked at?
Are there any unregistered nurses?
She saw him in a mans cave and saved him from a mans GRAVE
Link to episode?
As a hypochondriac, fuck.
We like their show. Tarek and co, have a good luck! I hope everything will be fine. 
I've actually met Tarek at a local bar a while back he is a really cool guy.
I've seen testicular cancer a few times watching porn. horrible
[deleted]
TIL a woman (registered nurse) was watching a television show ("Flip or Flop" on HGTV) and noticed a lump on a man's (television host) neck. The woman (registered nurse) sent a correspondence (email) to another person (production company public relations) to make them aware and the man (television host) ended up having a disease (thyroid cancer).
A woman you say? Why that's preposterous! Oh... I didn't notice that you said it was a *registered nurse*. Well... maybe your story adds up. She probably listens to the man doctors chit chat and has picked up a few things while she's not thinking about makeup and lattes.
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3ltcm8/til_that_a_reality_show_host_was_able_to_diagnose/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/30p4mi/til_that_while_watching_a_flip_or_flop_marathon_a/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/293tj8/til_a_nurse_was_watching_tv_and_discovered/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/28auk8/til_a_woman_registered_nurse_was_watching_the/

https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2286dp/til_a_woman_registered_nurse_was_watching_the/

TIL OP is a faggot.
Well then...
[deleted]
Their car also got stolen in one episode. 
My heart goes out to this family.
That's the problem with Reality TV.  The productions are so low rent that the crews don't even take time to notice problems with their talent.  

You think a nurse watching would have to tell even some B or C-list actor on some sitcom that he had a lump in his throat?  No, everybody in the crew, plus his agency/management/lawywers/PR  would have told him to see a doctor months beforehand.  

Reality TV = low rent TV.  Not even sure if SAG AFTRA has an agreement with these Reality TV productions.  Good for this cat that he didn't die in the process
this guy's wife is a babe
Wow this is the only good thing from HGTV to ever happen. 
Damn. His wife is B-E-A-UTIFUL! 
Keep in mind that its not unheard of to kill a bottle of salsa in 1 sitting between 2 people-  It's a matter of portion size.
I learned this from Seinfeld a long time ago.
THAT'S IT PUT THE WALL UP
This has been true for a long time. I love ketchup, but a bottle will still last me months because I only use a little bit at a time. But I can go through a jar of salsa in just a couple of days.
TIL Salsa is a condiment.
For the non-US-Americans among us, what is "salsa" over there? In Spanish and Italian it is just a generic word for "sauce".
You know why?  It's because people love to say SALLLLLSSSAAAAA
This is misleading, no one that I have ever met sits down to a bowl of chips and ketchup. Salsa is both a dip and a condiment. 
In Spanish, "salsa" means "sauce". What is your salsa made of?
Build a wall!^of^chips...
Help us Donald Trump. You're our only hope.
Mexican food taking over
"We'll fix this" Trump 2016
Condiment?! Chips and salsa is a meal.
This is why we need to seal out borders! 



/s
**SINK THE BOATS**
"Mexicans."
- Donald Trump
Salsa is literally Sauce in Spanish, therefore Ketchup is a Sauce too. Pack up boys.
i wound consider salsa to be dip rather than a condiment
George Costanza dropped this fact 15 years ago on Seinfeld.
Can anyone recommend a good salsa? Most store bought salsa to me is terrible, it's all liquidy and the flavors are nothing like home-made salsa to me.
Either way, tomato wins.
Trump's gonna be pissed 
WTH is Salsa?? Isn't ketchup Salsa de tomate?
But..salsa just means "sauce".
Relevant:

GEORGE: Why don't they have salsa on the table?

JERRY: What do you need salsa for?

GEORGE: Salsa is now the number one condiment in America.

JERRY: You know why? Because people like to say "salsa." "Excuse me, do you have salsa?" "We need more salsa." "Where is the salsa? No salsa?"

From Seinfeld, "The Pitch, " 1992.
http://imgur.com/KG79bNR.gif
I'm surprised it's not Sriracha. 
"because people like to say salsa!"
Proof we need Trump more than ever. 
I'm sure Donald Trump will have something to say about this.
Do you know why?
Because people like to say Salsa.
This is way old news. There was a Seinfeld episode that brought this to our attention in the 90s. 
[I HAVE KNOWN THIS SINCE THE 90's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uub_Oqwefwc)
That's because people like to say salsa. Sal-sa
I'm in England and salsa is more popular in our house than ketchup.   

Ketchup pretty much only goes with chips (real chips not crisps).   

Salsa has so many uses, and there is a place for both fresh 'n chunky or produced and liquidy. 
... because people like to say salsa.
*my salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance and take off their underpants*
I'm guessing this is due to the Mexicans in America?
I guess it makes sense. I could easily murder a jar of salsa a week or even a day if I really hated myself. Meanwhile, the last time I bought ketchup was probably about two years ago.
How is mayonnaise not #1? 
I now realize I cannot adequately define condiment.
That's because people like to say salsa
What is salsa for americans? It just means 'sauce' in Spain.
I wish they would state what the most popular brands are. I have never been able to find a brand of bottled salsa that I liked, usually all way too salty for me. 
So is American salsa now just salsa?
I think this is an unfair comparison for what a condiment is.  I would bet the vast majority was just eaten with chips which places it more like a dip than a condiment.  With French fries the typical intent is that the fry is the main food and the ketchup is just for flavor.  With salsa the salsa is the main food and the chip is just a delivery system.

Can I propose that milk is a condiment?  Is it added to cereal, oatmeal, scrambled eggs, cookies are dipped in it, and many other condiment type uses.  That would surely win.
I just recently bought my first bottle of Ketchup like a year ago since living on my own(over 10 years). I go through Salsa pretty quick. 
Salsa, sour creme, hummus. My holy trinity of condiments.
THEY TOOK ER JERBS... and gave us delicious condiments.
Well, salsa is Spanish for sauce, so ketchup could be considered a kind of sauce so, it's a salsa. 

So by definition salsa sells more than ketchup because it includes ketchup in it. 
Now if everyone could stop saying "salsa sauce" that would be great.
We have to build a wall
Woah. America's illegal immigrant issue is getting bad eh?
As someone from a latin american country whose grandparents were born in Spain, so as hispanic as it gets, the only tortillas I have ever eaten were made of potatoes and salsa only means tomato sauce to me. Also I have never eaten a taco, burrito or anything like that.

With all this being said am I hispanic or not?
George from Seinfeld was right!
**We need to build a wall**
Where my country gone?
TIL salsa is a condiment.
But do you know why?? Because people like to say SALSA. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFzCz9HI8JM
Do you know why? Because people like saying *salsa*.
Because people like to say "Salsa"
What's funny is that most people don't realize that "salsa" means "sauce", meaning that ketchup is a type of salsa. In Latin American countries, it's known as "salsa ketchup", though "ketchup" is perfectly acceptable.
I thought Ranch was #1 by a large margin.
Is this TIL 1995?
That's because people like to say salsa
As a first generation American-Mexican all I have to say is... Muaaahahaaahaha and Muaaajajaaajaja
For years I was a ketchup advocate, putting it on nearly everything I ate and even preaching it's importance as a top shelf condiment. If you had Hunts in your fridge, yeah, you were never going to be a good friend anyway. And if I came across a chick who had Heinz in her fridge it became one of those "love at first sight" situations. I was a true ketchup hero, fighting those who pretended while praising those who lived live honorably (Heinz). Needless to say I have become a salsa lover over the past few years, and in some cases a salsa snob. I put salsa on almost all of my breakfast foods now, and find myself putting it on fish, chicken (never on steak, not even ketchup belongs on steak, unless we're talking about a burrito), and of course siding it with chips, etc. Salsa has grown on me. I seek out the best tasting salsas and venture to find the new an unique combinations to let that salsa flag shine. In the end ketchup will always be my true love, but salsa has become a part of me now, you must understand that ketchup.
because people like to say SALSA
Don't tell Trump
Keep in mind that its not unheard of to kill a bottle of salsa in 1 sitting between 2 people-  It's a matter of portion size.
About 30 years ago...
I've started using mustard a lot. Less salt, sugar, and it is nice and tangy. 
ITT: Jokes about Seinfeld or immigrants. Over. And. Over.
seltzer?
And what sauce do you call "salsa"? salsa is the generic name for any sauce.
Because people like to say salsa
Good for her. She was always my favorite Stark.
I believe mayonnaise already outsold ketchup by volume. 
I love salsa. And I love seltzer. 

Salsa. Seltzer. Salsa. Seltzer. Salsa. Seltzer. 
More recently, it's mayo:

http://qz.com/172019/ketchup-isnt-the-king-of-american-condiments-mayonnaise-is/
Thanks Obama 
This is because salsa is used in many recipes, often requiring a whole bottle of salsa, how many recipes require a whole bottle of ketchup? Not many.
Salsa is more than a condiment. 
And you know why?  Because everyone loves saying *sal sa.*
I thought Sweet Baby Ray's was the best selling condiment in America. If it isn't it should be.
just wait until FOX gets ahold of this
They're a lot more versatile, I think. The only reason I buy burger buns is for burgers.
Thanks Jesus! 
And do you know why? It's because people like to say '[salsa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Szlryk7XlMA).' 
Do you know what that is? Its because people love to say salsa.
Damned illegal Mexicans!
You are welcome!  Source:  me, as I have 9-12 bottles of salsa in my house at any given time in my house from 3-6 vendors.
Mayonnaise is buying a gun as we speak.
We moved from the Northwest to Texas when I was very young.  My mom decided to try her hand at making tacos.  Seasoned meat and cheese fried into a flour tortilla.  These things have become a family legend that everyone just calls "Granny Tacos".

The thing is, I don't think my mom knew what salsa was.  They were always served with a selection of add-ons like chopped onions, lettuce and tomatoes, but the only sauce option was ketchup.

To this day, I eat all my tacos with ketchup.
Yeah right like you can put salsa on a steak. 
This also doesn't really take into account that ketchup now also competes with stuff like buffalo, bbq, ranch, aoilis, mayo, etc as burgers and sandwiches have been getting "fancier" whereas salsa is still really the main contender for what it does.  Also as mentioned here, I can use a bottle of ketchup for 6 months but a jar of salsa for like a few meals.
Salsa feels like they started making ketchup and got halfway "eh close enough" 
This is 2 years old too wtf 
If u ate a whole thing of real salsa in one sitting, you just ate alot of vegetables.

If you ate a whole thing of ketchup in one sitting, u just ate tomato flavored diabetes......
[Meanwhile...] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toL1tXrLA1c)
Looks like tomatoes are gonna have to ketchup.
Heard this 20 years ago. This is not new news.
thanks seinfeld 
Ketchup is, after all, mostly sugar.
That's been true for a long time and it's because you use WAY more salsa with some chips than you do ketchup with every hot dog or burger.  

Now change the scale from quantity consumed, to meals containing salsa vs. ketchup.
Funny because salsa is easy to make at home and better, homemade ketchup not so much.  
Personally, I prefer Rumba.
 You know it must be impossible for a Spanish person to order
seltzer and not get salsa. "I wanted seltzer, not salsa."
Trump most have business on ketchup.
I'm secretly surprised it isn't ranch, but apparently the popularity of ranch is a Midwest thing, so idk 
I understand the portion size argument between the two, but I still use Salsa WAY more than ketchup in my regular life.

I use salsa every single day. It's delicious. 

Eggs? Top it with salsa.  
Leftovers that are a bit bland? Salsa.  
Trying to make a boring meal interesting? Add salsa and top with cheese and bake. I don't even care what's under it - it will taste amazing.

Ketchup in my house is basically ONLY ever used on burgers and fries. Sometimes the occasional recipe will use it in a sauce or something. That's basically it. It's too sweet and one-dimensional to be used very much (for me). 
This pisses off the Trump.
Donald trump is freaking out about it somewhere
Still use tomatoes tho 
Tomatoe farmers are like "Like I give a Fuck"
Es una salsa muy salsa
Ketchup is usually free from anywhere you'd get food that you'd want to put ketchup on.
Makes sense. Salsa usually isn't disgusting. 
Can it be a condiment if you eat more salsa than chips? 
Hispanics are taking over. And I'm ok with that. 
I hate that all of my friends call salsa: "hot sauce".
Long story short: it's from a failure to protect our borders
Not a fair comparison. Most people are not scooping ketchup with their chips. You are only consume so much ketchup at a time. 

Salsa is both a condiment and a snack.
I believe the republicans will be deporting 11 million bottles of this if elected president.
About damn time 
[Because they like to say salsa.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uub_Oqwefwc)
Which right-wing Presidential candidate will be the first to use this as "evidence" of the evil of immigration?
What's a good store bought salsa?
Thanks Jeb Bush.
I put ketchup on hot dogs and Miracle Whip on tortilla chips. 
Lies.  Mayonnaise has always outsold ketchup or salsa.

A condiment to surpass Ketchup Gear...
eat it, love it.

[Roasted Tomatillo and Garlic Salsa](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/71933/roasted-tomatillo-and-garlic-salsa/)
I thought mayonnaise was #1 
At last! My dream has come true!
When will I be able to squeeze salsa from a bottle?
The food variety is one of the best immediate effects of globalisation. I wouldn't want to live with just my classical national dishes, I'm from Europe but my most cooked dish is different variants of Thai curry.
I thought mayonnaise was higher than tomato sauce?
Probably about the time "ketchup" started becoming something closer to colored sugar paste.
2013...
that is because ketchup is a baby condiment
the way it always should have been.
My mom used to make tomato jelly with her abundance from the garden. One year she tried salsa, and now everyone she knows begs her for salsa all year. Thank goodness, because tomato jelly is something awful.
Every Saturday morning after a heavy night of drinking, I go to the store. Buy a big bag of chips and a jar of salsa and finish the whole thing while watching a good movie or smoking some pot. Best hangover food ever.
I just split the difference and use this stuff. Delicious. 

https://www.chimayotogo.com/pc-76-12-chipotle-catch-up-575.aspx
No one tell Trump!
And people probably buy more water and fuel than that, it's a matter of portion size. I need 10 gallons a week of fuel, I only need one bottle a month of ketchup, and one jar a week of salsa. 
I would have guessed it was TROJAN.
Neither of these are true actually. Mayo is the best selling condiment. 
Oh hey Mr. Trump, you better get started on that wall before it's too late.
Why not both?
Maybe they should make ketchup out of tomatoes again. I had some home made ketchup recently and man, it was so fucking good compared to the crap heinz or hunts sells theses days.  
This is an article from 2013...it isn't new news. 
Why? Because Tapatio is awesome.
We don't even keep ketchup at our house. We use salsa or pasta sauce (whichever is open in the fridge) for all our tomato-based condiment needs. (Both are way better on tater tots than ketchup.)
Wait, salsa is not a food group?
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/seinfeld] [Salsa #1 Condiment - George was right (xpost r\/TIL)](https://np.reddit.com/r/seinfeld/comments/3sfg1b/salsa_1_condiment_george_was_right_xpost_rtil/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
This...this should be the show!
ketchup is so ... 50's / redneck
Donald Trump didn't die for this
doesn't surprise me; i'd like to say that salsa is the more versatile condiment, but then again when I was a kid I used to put ketchup on everything.
Freaking Mexicans. We gotta build that bridge. 
No mayonnaise
Can't complain. Salsa is amazing.
This may be partially my fault, I have 7 year old ketchup.

http://imgur.com/M5dRCkZ
&gt;Welcome to the taste of American food in 2013.

haha
Even if you have the proof I'll never believe you. I've never once met someone who asked for salsa over ketchup 
Really, how do I stop eating chips and salsa?

Do they run out, or do I die, or what?
Damn mexicans!  Dey terk er condiments!

In all seriousness though Salsa is amazing.  I put that shit on everything.
They took our heinz!
All those tasty crockpot salsa chicken recipes...
Salsa has sold better than ketchup for almost a decade. Mayonaisse [destroys](http://www.bloomberg.com/ss/10/10/1007_bestselling_condiments/1.htm) salsa, with $1.26bn in sales, compared to $765m for salsa.
Donald Trump downvoted this post.
That's because salsa is delicious and healthy.
today you learned how to troll with "facts".

nobody sits down and eats a bag of chips and ketchup.

salsa is not a condiment, it is food that is also used as a condiment.
it's a whole lot tastier and better if you make it yourself though
obligatory https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uub_Oqwefwc
but ketchup goes on everything..

Trump 2016 
Cmon sriracha 
God dammit. Build that wall Trump!!
This is mild-ly interesting.
Salsa Starch
As a Spanish speaker I have always found it has the dumbest name for a dressing. I've heard people saying "salsa dressing" which in Spanish would mean "salsa salsa"
"You know why? People love to say salsa."

TIL someone doesn't watch Seinfeld.
Si, es verdad.
They more or less worked for him. He funded them, let them live at his place, fed them, clothed them, dosed them etc...
&gt;In late 1967, Stanley's La Espiral, Orinda lab was raided by police; he was found in possession of 350,000 doses of LSD and 1,500 doses of STP. His defense was that the illegal substances were for personal use, but he was found guilty and sentenced to three years in prison.

Lol, at least he tried
&gt;In September 1965, Stanley became the primary LSD supplier to Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters. By this time, Sandoz LSD was hard to come by, and "Owsley Acid" had become the new standard. He was featured (most prominently his freak-out at the Muir Beach Acid Test in November 1965) in The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test (1968), Tom Wolfe's book detailing the history of Kesey and the Merry Pranksters. Stanley attended the Watts Acid Test on February 12, 1966 with his new apprentice Tim Scully, and provided the LSD.

&gt;Stanley also provided LSD to the Beatles during filming of Magical Mystery Tour (1967), and former Three Dog Night singer Chuck Negron has noted that Owsley and Leary gave Negron's band free LSD.

So this dude basically created the 60s, is what you're saying.
&gt;Stanley believed that the natural human diet is totally carnivorous and that all vegetables are toxic, thus he embraced a no-carbohydrate diet. He claimed to have eaten almost nothing but meat, eggs, butter, and cheese since 1959. 

He lived to 76 and a car accident killed him. I think Ron Swanson found his spirit animal in this guy. 
that is so wrong its not even funny. 

owsley stanley paid for all their instruments and gear from selling lsd. the members of the dead sold lsd for him. and lived with him in houses he paid for. owsley loved the dead he was one of their first fans and he bankrolled them early on. he hired them. 
soundman should not be in quotes, he was really innovative in sound design
Stanley's ashes were placed on the soundboard at the Grateful Dead 50th anniversary shows in Chicago, on July 3–5, 2015.

RIP ol pal
Is this the same guy who would make huge walls of speakers for them at concerts? 
Even after the Dead got rich, their drummer's dad stole all their money in 1970 and fled to Mexico. This is what He's Gone is about. Also the song Alice D. Millionaire is about Owsley. LSD millionaire.
Something else about Owsley. He first drew up the symbolic 'steal your face' symbol (13 point lightning bolt) on the bands equipment boxes for easy recognition.

He also first drew the dancing bear. Alot of people referred to him as 'bear'
I'll go to Frisco, buy a wig, and sleep on Owsley's floor
Relevant text: 

&gt; [Owsley Stanley] was a key figure in the San Francisco Bay Area during the 1960s and played a pivotal role in the counterculture of the 1960s. He was best known simply as "Owsley" – the LSD "cook" (underground chemist). Under the professional name of "Bear", he worked with the international fan "family" of the psychedelic rock band, the Grateful Dead.

&gt; Stanley was the first private individual to manufacture mass quantities of LSD.[1][2][3] By his own account, between 1965 and 1967, Stanley produced no less than 500 grams of LSD, amounting to a little over a million doses at the time.[4]
On the hill the stuff was laced with kerosene but yours was kitchen clean...
Putting soundman in quotes is ignorant.  Wall of Sound, bruh.  Owsley was a visionary.
Come on over 2nd set is coming up Minneapolis, MN

https://www.reddit.com/r/gratefuldead/comments/3trdof/dead_and_company_setlist_thread_1121_target/


I was under the impression that the human body builds resistance to LSD pretty quickly, if they were taking it as much as having a guy mass-produce for the band sounds like, what was it doing to them?
I had gel tabs from the grateful dead 50th anniversary concerts. 

Top grade clean A+ Acid 10/10 would see plants growing on curtains again.

Someday I want to be rich enough to have "a guy that makes my acid"
*"Stanley received radiation therapy in 2004 for throat cancer, which he first attributed to passive exposure to cigarette smoke at concerts,[19] but which he later discovered was almost certainly caused by the infection of his tonsil with HPV. He credited his low carb diet with starving the tumor of glucose, slowing its growth and preventing its spread enough that it could be successfully treated despite its advanced state at diagnosis"*

-Wikipedia
Chances John Mayer did LSD with the Grateful Dead this year?
The song Alice D Millionaire is about him after he was arrested. The news paper referred to him as The LSD Millionaire. 
I love the bio on Wikipedia. 

Known for: 	LSD, Wall of Sound


Orange Sunshine and the Christmas Acid both in barrel form were the best we ever had(circa 1970-71). Absolutely what Huxley had in mind. Fantastic experiences, all senses firing on all cylinders.
His grandfather was governor of Kentucky.
You didn't learn much of anything today.

Bear Stanley was actually their sound guy through the summer of '66. He came back later, and the Wall of Sound in 74 was his incantation. 

He most certainly did not mass produce LSD for the band. He used the money he made on LSD to finance the band, as he believed in the music they were making. 


My last name is Owsley. I always thought that was weird. 
Kid Charlemagne by Steely Dan is about him. 

My mother knew Owsley and hung out with them.

She told me some wild stuff they used to do.


My parents are huge deadheads and years ago they told me about a time that they sat next to Owsley on a flight over to a concert they were seeing. He mentioned that he worked with the band and talked about his meat-only diet...think the 'rents only found out about the LSD after the fact
There should be statues erected to Owsely Stanley.

Statues of pure LSD crystals, enough LSD to dose the galaxy.
His name was bear. He invented the wall of sound. 

Edit: this is 100% true too. 
The dude was a pretty legit soundman for the dead. He hated to be photographed and built up a pretty damn impressive archive of music for them. Along with it, the dancing bears that are often associated with the dead, are a lose reference to him, since his nickname was bear. 
Just read Electric Koolaid Acid Test?
He graduated from my high school. . He's a legend here
We need him now more than ever
Electric kool aid acid test
There is a Grateful Dead bar in Boulder, Colorado called Owsley's Golden Road.  
Strangely there was a hell of alot of really good acid around north Queensland for a period of time in the past.
The title is so fucking misleading. They worked with him becuase he was one of the best sound engineers of his time. He build their iconic wall of sound and founded one of the best methods for recording live music. Putting the quotes around that title is a dick move, just becuase he was involved in illegal activity dosn't diminish the value of his accomplishments. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wall_of_Sound_(Grateful_Dead)
He was actually a really awesome sound man and did a lot to push the practical boundaries of large sound systems forward. Dude had phased array speaker systems with active noise cancellation using all analog components in the 70s. Major props.
Yeah putting soundman in quotes is pretty insulting. 
RIP Bear
I'm reading, "The Harvard Psychedelic Club" and this provides  suprisingly additional depth. Thank you.
Purple Owsley, blotter acid, yellow sunshine, orange barrel sunshine--pretty much all of it came from his lab in the late 60s.
&gt; A naturalized Australian citizen since 1996, Stanley lived with his wife Sheilah

That tickles me no end. :)
Owlsley basically invented Hi-Fi stereo -  recognize kids!
The Dead are just as responsible for providing the meds as they are for influencing the side effects. 

If you drop a dose of any type of psychedelic and play their music, you'll feel the influence.
If I recall correctly, this man was also the basis for the creation of the song "Kid Charlemagne" by Steely Dan.
LSD should be legal
Fun Fact: bear was actually a producer of amphetamines. After it became illegal to produce them he was having a very difficult time acquiring the necessary precursors. 

  He decided to start making LSD. 
His name was bear. He invented the wall of sound. 

Edit: this is 100% true too. 
Bear was a friend. He was a rich kid with a good talent - and no I'm not talking sound - and he joined the gathering of folks the Dead had as family. He bought the Wall of Sound, too. When they had to fulfill a recording contract, they sent Bear into the vaults and he chose the songs for the album Bear's Choice. 
Just a pointless anecdote, but I met him once. But I'm a child of the 70's not the 60's so I didn't even know who he was when he came to my house to look at a piece of equipment I had listed for sale in the local classifieds. I just recognized him as the guy called Bear who was taking sculpture classes at the community college in Marin where I was studying art. It was later when talking to a friend about trying to sell the vacuum pump (I ended up keeping it and still use it in jewelry manufacturing) that I was told he was the "acid guy."  
went to a party with bear few years ago out at walsh river. had no fucking idea who he was hahahaha but he still handed out plenty of suger cubes that night :D
The Bear! Dude is an interesting character. He also invented stereo sound, which the band used.
Bear is one of the pioneers of modern live sound. The quotation marks are not needed.  
Fun story here. On his [website](http://thebear.org/) he says to not help the spammers. My sister back in the mid to early 00's replied to all contacts on the family email to not send stupid spam to her. She had accidentally emailed Bear yelling at him not to email junk to our account.

My dad, a chemist, taper and huge Dead Head was in regular contact with him talking about taping, chemistry etc. Embarrassed the hell out of my father and resulted in the page update. Bummer it caused trouble for Bear, but crazy to have caused that in the "early days" of the net (my dad was on the net as early as 82, so its all relative). 

I continued the tradition and am a taper and streamer as well.
Ive tried some of Bears Acid, 100% Fire.

theres still some around the bay. 
I personally know this guy's son.  Perhaps somewhat suprisingly, he is a wonderful, straightforward, and contributing member to society with a steady professional job.  He does have a very unusual name and a half sister born on the exact same day as him, but other than that nothing too far out of the usual.  

It should be noted that Bear (Owsley Stanley) didn't just produce LSD, he invented the process that everyone else copied and is responsible for its popularity through today.  Bear was an integral part of the dead head scene, and probably just as important in the history of the band, as the band.
Lol drug merch
Owsley knew what he was doing behind a board and in a lab.  TYL: a completely partial story of Owsley's contributions to the band. 
Album sales have always been live performance.
;)
A true hero.
Bear
I guess it aint really the Grateful Deal, but its Phil Lesh and Jerry Garcia; either way cool album to score if you like to jam with the dead :P

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPeeTXN44sM
He's a legit soundman, the title was fake, a cover for the money.
The first time he did, he had go hand in hand.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/dvbhistory] [TIL the Grateful Dead hired a "soundman" and chemist, Owsley Stanley, to mass-produce LSD for the band : todayilearned](https://np.reddit.com/r/DVBHistory/comments/3tu9j9/til_the_grateful_dead_hired_a_soundman_and/)

- [/r/gratefuldead] [We're on the front page right now!](https://np.reddit.com/r/gratefuldead/comments/3tsc6y/were_on_the_front_page_right_now/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
They were also very well known for dosing other people around them, which is not cool.
Strangely enough, the last two towns that I've lived in Owsley lived in as well: Orinda and Laguna Beach. 

Well LSD wasn't banned at the time. If anyone payed me well enougn, I guess I'd go produce LSD legally in whatever state of whatever.
I remember him from the book "The Electric Kool-aid Acid Test". He's mentioned in an excerpt where they are high and recording noises into a soundboard for fun.
"Get it on out of here"
I was very fortunate to see him present a talk at the Ethnogensis Australis (EGA) conference a few years ago.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geRXSVuPRhU
having done acid more than a few times myself, and i recommend it, I always marvel at doing it back then for the first time.  by the time I did (late 80s) acid was a thing and you knew to expect a heavy time.  imagine doing it and expecting to be somewhat like doing weed.  wow. that's pioneering right there.  that's space exploration.  Bravo hippies!
He was famous for "orange Owsley" acid, and he first manufactured it when it was not illegal.  
He was also a legitimate acoustic and electric genius and creator of the [Wall Of Sound..](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wall_of_Sound_%28Grateful_Dead%29)
Used to be able to get a sheet for 30 bucks at the shows.
[His website is still up](http://thebear.org/).
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AntiAAltTFQ) comes to mind, somewhat relevant but super funny.
"Known For: LSD"

lol
Lsd and the dead came out at the same time. When people would trip, the band would just offer to jam and so when they played while  tripping for an audience that was also tripping. Eventually they toured to host the electric cool aid experiment around the nation. And from then on it became history 
In college, I took a class called The History of Rock and Roll.  I was taught that Phil Spector created "The Wall of Sound".

I did not know there was another "Wall of Sound" invented by Owsley.

Also, we had a cat named Owsley and a friend who was a chemist.

I miss those times.
I grew up in Oregon around the time the Grateful Dead were huge in Eugene.  Every time you'd mention Owsley, some Dead Head would say, " I've met him so many times.  He's really quiet but nice."  Same with guys like Ken Kesey.  They led every day lives but qere approachable.  It's funny to see them mentioned on reddit or youtube, they are now historical figures.
My parents were just ranting and raving about this guy because they are big Deadheads and just saw him at a concert or something... apparently his LSD was "the best" and generally accepted as very high quality acid back when making the stuff was still legal.  You'd have been lucky to get some from one of his batches.
That is were some of the world's greatest LSD came from. There are still people around that are holding on to their last couple of hits that came from them.
This song is about him[.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouHMEgERdmw)
....and that's who "Kid Charlemagne" is in the Steely Dan track of the same name.

"Those test tubes and the scale, just get it all out of here..."
Referenced in "Kid Charlemagne" IIRC.
Alice D Millionaire
The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test is a great book on what was happening in San Francisco during this period. Great read!
What would happen if one person ingested 300k hits of 60's acid at once?  
Don't blame them
https://archive.org/details/gd69-03-02.sbd.16track.kaplan.3344.sbeok.shnf
I find it more interesting the he was a life long meat only eater, practising a Zero Carb diet for 50 years. He tried to get the band to go along with this while they lived with him. Eating meat only on acid seems.... difficult.
I love how the police raided his lab looking for meth and couldn't do anything because the LSD he was making wasn't illegal at the time. I kinda wish I lived back in the day when pretty much every drug was over the counter legal. These hippie bastards ruined drugs for us man.
He also dosed the Beatles. The Bear is referenced in most of the biographies on The Dead. They had a whole article dedicated to him in The Rolling Stone. 
Owsley?
he was actually a brilliant sandman. He was the visionary behind the wall of sound. He really helped to develop sound at live music events. Also, he more funded the band than the band funded him.
CIA guy
Cool, a 60s/70s band did LSD
Now of course became true, and they were famous and even farther before they were buying them for dirt cheap and only selling them for very small profits.
But the documentary on the Greatful Dead  arched on Netflix said that only Jerry Garcia was doing the drugs and they all hated the fact that drug addicts would come to their concerts.
this is the most "well, duh" TIL i've read.

what part didn't we know already? his name?

Not entirely accurate. He didn't make the stuff just for the band, he was one of the most prolific LSD producers of the 60s. Also, fun fact, the dead never really took acid during their shows.
They got like 4 good songs. Seriously, I never got the big deal about this band. 
I don't think you know what "mass produced" means....
TL;DR of the article;

&gt; The "small penis rule" is an informal strategy used by authors to evade libel lawsuits. It was described in a New York Times article in 1998:
&gt; 
&gt; "...For a fictional portrait to be actionable, it must be so accurate that a reader of the book would have no problem linking the two," said Mr. Friedman. Thus, he continued, libel lawyers have what is known as 'the small penis rule.' One way authors can protect themselves from libel suits is to say that a character has a small penis, Mr. Friedman said. "Now no male is going to come forward and say, 'That character with a very small penis, that's me!' "
&gt; 
&gt; The small penis rule was referenced in a 2006 dispute between Michael Crowley and Michael Crichton. Crowley alleged that after he wrote an unflattering review of Crichton's novel State of Fear, Crichton libeled him by including a character named "Mick Crowley" in the novel Next. In the novel, Mick Crowley is a child rapist, described as being a Washington-based journalist and Yale graduate with a small penis.


I lied, that's the whole article.
They seem to underestimate me. I have no problem declaring a small penis if I can get lawsuit money out of it.
##my friend told me this one:

A man walks into a library and says to the librarian, 

"do you have that book for men with small penises?"


The librarian looks on her computer and says, 

"I don't know if it's in yet."

The man responds,

"Yeah that's the one"
I've read a whole lot of books.  None of them have ever mentioned the size of a character's penis. I don't know what you're reading, OP.  
So why is there a "small penis rule" and not a "child rapist rule?" 

"That character is me!" 
"The child rapist?" 
"Yes!" 
"The one with the small penis?"
"Uhh... no..."
I'm proud of my small penis!
Similarly, if you call someone a fraud, a liar, or a thief then that opens you up to being sued. But if you carefully detail how someone is actually a fraud, liar, or thief and you merely call them an *asshole* then that's free speech. The show "Bullshit" from Penn &amp; Teller uses that trick all the time.
Women in particular find that to be an unflattering assessment of themselves.

EDIT: well, except maybe Lady Gaga, but she's playing coy about the whole thing.
Yeah but I heard it makes running on your stomach easier or something
Works for both male and female characters :)
Bet it works for female chars as well.
What about for women?  "Joanna had a small penis."  Now the *real* Joanna won't sue me!
But I've got a small dick and $100k dollars now.
The best example of this is [Former Baseball Player Sucks at Crowdfunding](http://www.amazon.com/Former-Baseball-Player-Sucks-Crowdfunding-ebook/dp/B00GU4DOJY/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1447322071&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=former+baseball+player+sucks+at+crowdfunding)
TIL Michael Crichton is a dick. 
State of Fear was really bad though.  Like, really really really really really really bad.
Here's how you counter this rule: sue for **defamatation** *as well as* **copyright infringement**. 
Does this shit actually work?
Wow: 
&gt;"The small penis rule was referenced in a 2006 dispute between Michael Crowley and Michael Crichton. Crowley alleged that after he wrote an unflattering review of Crichton's novel State of Fear, Crichton libeled him by including a character named "Mick Crowley" in the novel Next. In the novel, Mick Crowley is a child rapist, described as being a Washington-based journalist and Yale graduate with a small penis.[2]"
A real life example... I knew of a guy who broke into our university's cafeteria and stole as many chicken wings as possible... The university couldn't figure out who did it so they spread a rumour that the thief took a dump in the kitchen to prevent him from bragging about his prize. It worked, he denied the dump and ate the hot wings in silence 

I wonder if authors do this to females too, like saying this chick had a small penis so she would be too embarrassed to sue
OK, that isn't going to work at all.

If you use publicly known facts to associate the character with the person, any asserted facts that wouldn't be publicly known actually add to the libel.

In the example "Mick Crowley is a child rapist, described as being a Washington-based journalist and Yale graduate with a small penis."  The real Crowley is a Washington-based journalist and Yale graduate; the libelous assertions are that he is a child rapist and has a small penis.
And it works surprisingly well for female characters too
I intend to write a book basing a character off a particularly horrible woman that I know, and include that she does, indeed, have a tiny penis. 

Edit: she's now a child rapist with a tiny penis.
Am I the only one that was thrown off by the preponderance of commas?  I spent a good minute trying to figure out what the fuck the title was trying to say.

Shatnerian comma style.
"In the novel, Mick Crowley is a child rapist, described as being a Washington-based journalist and Yale graduate with a small penis."

Am I the only one who notices the description of this character includes something MUCH worse than having a small penis? 

He went to YALE?

What a monster. 
I highly doubt this would be a successful argument if someone were to actually use this strategy in court.

I mean first of all, the wikipedia article you linked only has two "sources", both just articles from the New York Times.  The second source only mentions that this strategy was described by the same libel lawyer who is the subject of source 1.

Second, let's say that someone attempts to utilize this and perfectly describes the person they want to defame with 10 separate identifying factors, and then also mention he has a small penis.  You don't think the judge would see right through this?  Our justice system has a lot of reasonableness built into it and saying 10/11 things that correctly describe someone wouldn't preclude a lawsuit just because the 11th factor potentially wasn't true.  Just look at the definition the article itself states, it only need to be "so accurate that a reader of the book would have no problem linking the two".  You don't think that a reasonable person could link together those 10/11 identifying factors to one person with reasonable certainty?

Plus there is always the very real scenario in which it IS true that the person does have a small penis.  Do you really think they are going to forego X amount of dollars for the sake of their own ego?  Frankly even if the person had a big penis I'm sure they would admit it was small if it meant winning however many thousands of dollars they stood to gain. 
 
I mean if anyone ever questioned you about it, you would be like "uh yea, I had to say I had a small penis to win that $100,000 libel suit so whatever".

So not only has this strategy never been used (and only one person ever even conceived of the idea), it is extremely unlikely it would even be successful if it were to be used.  And I'm pretty sure the lawyer who invented this strategy wrote the wikipedia article himself.
So, this is where this sub has got to. Ive never ever read a book that describes a characters penis, let alone the size of it. Am i reading the wrong(right) books or is this just some bullshit article you came across?
I just used to use that as a pickup line. You'd be surprised how many girls are curious to see what a really small penis looks like. 

Also they're not as disappointed as being told your hung and they discover you're not
Jokes on them. I have accepted my small penis.
Haha. This is too clever.
[Relevant tweet](https://twitter.com/DaveGorman/status/346547102060519424) from Dave Gorman, which could work even better:

&gt;Think I might start a rumour that Lorraine Kelly is "highly litigious". She's not. But what's she going to do about it?
I am writing a novel about a fictional president Hussein Barack Obama.  He goes by his first name Barack, so everyone calls him Barack Obama.  I am working on my favorite part now - the chapter where he is assassinated.  He has a small penis.
I wonder if there's a female version of this?
Frankly even if the character is a child rapist, described as being worse than the original offence, so wouldn't pursue legal action.
ITT: a bunch of small limp dicks
This seems rather preposterous.  I mean, can't the small penis claim just be added to the libel case?  Or are people really that caught up over gradeschool level assertions that they *won't object to being painted as a child rapist* if it's also claimed that that child rapist has a tiny dick?
Then what rule is used when it comes to female characters?
"And though she may have perfectly resembled Barbra Streisand, the only thing that made her different from the crowd was her incredibly small penis." 
Interesting. For years I've been struggling with writing a book based on my time working for a spam/junk-email company. Half of it was written, but it was suggested to me what I was doing could be considered libel. Perhaps the small penis rule will work for me. 
This doesn't make any sense. The "small penis" description could be the whole basis for the libel action in the first place.
So what do they say for female characters?
the best thing is that this works for women too!
Jeez, if I'd known that's all I had to do to get in a Michael Crichton book, I would have written sooo many hostile things about that guy.

I could live with having a 2 paragraph cameo as a pathetic sexual deviant.

So why is there a "small penis rule" and not a "child rapist rule?" 

"That character is me!" 
"The child rapist?" 
"Yes!" 
"The one with the small penis?"
"Uhh... no..."
Crichton did the same thing to Martin Sheen in "State of Fear", where a character called Ted Bradley, a TV Actor (hollywood equivalent of small penis at the time), is [spoilers](#s "eaten by cannibals").
In the book Unabomber: The Secret Life of Ted Kaczynski by his neighbor Chris Waits there is a one-off sentence about Ted consulting a doctor about having a sex change with no other references in the book to Ted's sexuality. I've often wondered if it was added for this purpose but would this really apply in a biography?

Brilliant! Could writers also use other character flaws to prevent people from associating? 
For instance, claiming that the character has several stds? Or perhaps that they have a drug addiction or are part of a hate group? 
Beautifully represented in the book and movie "The Help."
"Your honor, if it pleases the court I can whip it out as evidence."
The point is that it doesn't have to be something about their small penis, as long as what you write is so insulting or embarrassing that they would never admit to it
I could see that working for both male and female characters.
what do you do if the character is a girl?
wut. 
Is their a gaping growler clause?
The architect Erno Goldfinger took exception to the character Auric Goldfinger in Ian Fleming's 007 novel *Goldfinger* and threatened legal action. Fleming instructed his publisher to change the name to Goldprick ....

Read on for the full story: http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2005/jun/03/film.hayfestival2005.
This is like the Shit-Pie play in the book "The Help". 

"MMMMmmmm, this pie is so good!  What's in it?!" "My SHIT!".  

THE. BEST!
Sauce, the review itself: http://www.newrepublic.com/article/michael-crichtons-scariest-creation which prompted Crichton to write in the critic as a child rapist in his next book which lead to the lawsuit which resulted in the informal libel rule.

If TLDR; absolutely scathing best describes the review.
Are men really that anxious about penis size? Really?
Do they drive lifted trucks as well?
based on*
That's so fucking stupid, *of course* it works. 
i find this [quite interesting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLpiw7_OvT0) 
You could only succeed in suing for copyright infringement, you won't be able to sue for defamation.
If you have a micropenis you may want that lawsuit front page of CNN. Small penis is bad, micropenis - slightly worse. 
This rule does not work on Tommy Lee...
savages barbarians
With truck nuts because they are hung like a donkey.
*most people...*
I just used to use that as its hot button issue.
How does this fact keep making the rotations?
When would they say that though? Most stories wouldn't have a situation in which it makes sense to mention the size of a character's penis. But other than in the story itself, where would you put it where you can be sure anyone who would want to sue would see it?
Is there an "accepted" female equivalent..? 
*most men
this sounds like a nathan for you scheme
Does this still work if the character is a woman?

Reminds me of the shit pie story in the movie The Help
Works for women as well as men. 
Similarly, if you prove you have a small penis, as you already had that reputation.
http://youtu.be/NADEKHmwbXE
But this wouldn't work with female characters!

Oh wait... no it still would. 
Can't he just take a  picture and erase the doubt?
Seems like that shit would only work on someone insecure with their penis size.
If the fictional character is female, does this still apply?
Err, a small pr is it subjective, one persons small can be another persons average. Unless the actual measurement is provided. 
As a man proud of his tiny dick, If suing was my kind of thing I'd still go through with it.
I don't understand why a plaintiff can't just say "he made that character me, but gave him a small penis to avoid bring sued".
"I SHOWED YOU THAT IN CONFIDENCE!!!!"

- Fictional character
Half the population anyway.
Apparently this works for both male and female accusers. 
But this tactic only works for men, how exactly do you write a small penis line for women ?
Especially so if the character is female.
If only Rockstar thought of this when Lindsay Lohan tried to sue them...
Wouldn't saying they have a small penis just be another point by which you are libeling them?
If you actually have a small penis and you sue for libel you don't have a case. The best defense is truth. But this is gonna backfire on them when someone whips out their massive dong in court. 
Anyone here aware of the Comedy Button and their use of this technique?
Could rockstar have used this when Lindsey Lohan accused them of using her likeness? 
It is not going to affect me, as I have a small penis.
Explains why my identity hasn't been stolen...
But what's she going to link that.
What would be the female equivalent?
So I am every fictional male character ever 
Man, I feel like I've been living the "Small penis" rule my whole life. :/
TIL ,I am going to be Millionaire !!!!
Until now I never bothered to look up a picture of Crichton. The man totally has raper face. 
Richter 10 uses this to stop an association. I never realised why it was important that the author described a character as having a micropenis, until I read this article.
If there is significant money to be had by suing, I'll admit to having a small dick and enter measurements into evidence.

$$$ is the best aphrodisiac.
You could only succeed in suing for copyright infringement, you won't be able to sue for defamation.
Makes me wonder if it was the lawsuits that finally got Kurt Vonnegut.

So it goes...
So you're saying Sonny Corleone wasn't based off of anyone? 
Three guys are walking down the road and realise they are passing the headquarters of the Guinness Book of World Records. The first guy says, "I bet I have the biggest nose ever." He goes in and comes out five minutes later with a certificate. The second guy says "I bet I have the biggest feet ever." He goes in and comes out five minutes later with a certificate. The third guy says, "I bet I have the smallest cock in the world." He goes in and comes out five minutes later and says, "Who the fuck is...(insert name of male friend you are with)?"
Katta kunj
That's nice because it works for both men and women. lol
As opposed to the formal 'large penis' rule we're all familiar with.
if it was true, it would be brilliant. but yay Crowley anyhow.
This sounds like something Nathan Fielder would do
If someone wrote a character based on me with a small penis, it's libel if I don't have a small penis.
Works especially well with female characters
Reminds me of the Chinpokomon South Park episode.
What if your a woman?  Small vagina?
What if they base their character off of a woman, do they say she has a small penis as well?
HERMAPHRODITEEEEEEEEEE!!!!! lol
tricks on them haha..... /cry

but what if its a girl character? 
What if the character is a woman?
What's the female equivalent? Shitty tits? 
Well, that's just incredible.
For some reason.. This just makes me think about South Park's Chinpokomon episode
Ha! Does this work for female characters too?
What about big vaginas?
I always think it would be better to say they are hung like donkey. That way it adds a little injury to insult when they don't measure up.
TIL that people = men

Well actually that's been obvious for a long time, but seriously!  
So.....TIL...Most men have small penises, except for me of course.
Is there a loose vagina rule?
this just makes anyone using said small penis rule look like an immature twat though and if all this crap is a misguided effort to influence public standing making yourself out to be a thin skinned man child seems counter productive
Similarly, if you prove you have a small penis, as you already had that reputation.
Harry Potter and the Half-sized wand. 
having said that, how cum southpark gets away with making fun a lot of people without seriously getting sued enough to put them off air? 
&gt;based **ON** someone else

FTFY
What a culture
Nothing like some good old fashioned body shaming to start the day.  I sometimes forget I'm not a person to you people, then I remember.


Thank you for reminding me you're all terrible superficial people who care more about bodies than anything else. This is why liberalism is bullshit, because you all care about bodies more than actions.  You are the definition of superficial shitheads. ALL OF YOU.
I can picture that in Mandarin.

"Ready....Aim...."

*from the US side* "Shoot yourself!"

"Well....can't disagree with the Lieutenant..."
Not only that, but he served with his two brothers as well and all received the Navy Cross, Distinguished Service Cross, and Bronze Star Medal, according to Wiki.
that's god damn brilliant
In high school, my team played against a team from Baja. Their entire line shouted commands in Spanish thinking no one from this 'gringo' team could understand. Like come on, we're in California... Anyways, they didn't even have code words in Spanish. They straight up shouted their run directions or hand-offs or pass/run in Spanish. Several of our team spoke Spanish and did us the deed of translation. They did not catch on. We won. Use coded plays. 

EDIT: sport is football (Murica football, not rest of the world football)
Morning before he shipped off to Korea:

&gt;*I came from a family of limited means. My father, whose Chinese name was Brilliant Scholar, distributed fruit and vegetables to restaurants and hotels in Sacramento. He stayed home from work that morning, and my mother, whose Chinese name was Gold Jade, made a special meal. There was an awkward moment when the clock on the wall said it was time to depart. My mother was very brave. She said nothing. My father had been reading the Chinese newspaper, or pretending to. He was a tough guy, my father, and I admired his toughness. He rose from his chair and shook my hand abruptly. He tried to talk, but couldn't, and that's when my mother broke down.*
It's been a while since I read Colder than Hell but that account made no mention of him yelling commands, just that he yelled in Chinese to flush the Chinese troops out from behind cover during a night battle.

I didn't know he died last year - the men under his command apparently kept petitioning for his Navy Cross to be upgraded to a MOH.

Other stuff from the book:  He went Patton on a marine at an aide station because the guy was crying but unwounded; HE was at the aide station because he took a bullet from a sniper than broke his arm.  He later escaped with a USMC NCO from an army hospital, stealing a jeep from Army MPs (at gunpoint), in order to for them to get back to their unit and they were both declared AWOL until the USMC figured out they were back with their unit.  Became company commander very briefly after their captain got killed by a sniper and then took a burst from a Chinese machine gun in the face which put him out of action and out of the war (he obviously survived).  The guy who wrote Colder than Hell then became company commander, again, for a brief time, before he too, was badly wounded and knocked out of the war.  It later turned out they were both thrown into the same truck for the wounded but they were so far out of it from their wounds that they didn't even know it.
Wow. I never expected to see something about a family member of mine on Reddit. What a trip! Uncle Kurt was a helluva guy and I appreciate you taking an interest in his story, /u/NotTheBomber.

There's a Smithsonian flick about him. Check it out, it's damned fascinating! They even interviewed my grandmother!
Classic Kurt
I see chinese. I order Chinese. 
read up on the Navajo code talkers if you think this is great.
ignore the N.Cage movie
I had the great opportunity to meet this man when he came to visit his old battalion last year. Major Lee recounted his story of being the point man of a whole battalion through the hills, with the objective of reaching Fox Hill to relieve Fox Company of 2nd Battalion 7th Marines. During the whole time he had an arm that was injured and that he couldn't use, but lead anyway with a 1911 and in addition to that, he had a air panel (a bright orange/pink piece of cloth meant for signaling planes/helicopters) tied around his neck so others behind him could see and follow him in the dark. Throughout the whole movement to Fox Hill, they fought enemy troops in the darkness and eventually made it to Fox Hill to relieve them. Quite an amazing son of a bitch.
In Chinese history there was a similar tactic used but far more bloody, to confuse the enemy and take advantage of it:

Goujian, the King of Yue, assigned warriors who were willing to die for him to launch a surprise attack on their enemy, the army of kingdom of Wu. Those soldiers lined up into three rows. When they rushed into the front of army of kingdom Wu, these men cut their throats, roaring.

That scared the hell out of the Wu soldiers who were dumbstruck at such an irrational scene and were defeated.  This was in the equivalent of classical greek times roughly i think.  Interesting to read about people that can come up with such tactics.
Reading his biography is pretty amazing. He had every opportunity to let off the gas and coast, but he gave everything he had, all the time.
&gt;"Lee insisted that he was only there to 'fight communists' [...]" 

A man after my own heart.
This is why I like reddit, posts like this.
It's stupid how this guy didn't get a medal of honor because of his race but instead his commander who really just sat back got one. 
LMAO! I can imagine the complete and utter chaos this officer would have caused on the Chinese troops...what an ingenious idea!
Did it actually achieve anything or is this just one of those little stories that gets built up to high heaven over the years? There's a lot of people yelling stuff during a battle.
Lee had a death wish; he wanted to die in battle for his country, and intended not to return alive from Korea. He had a chance to stay out of battle but he said that he wanted to came to kill Commies. 

During the Battle of the Chosin Reservoir, the Fox Company of Marines held open the Toktong Pass so that other Marines coul get out, and incurred grievous casualties in doing so. The Marines that evacuated through the Toktong Pass sent an element to reinforce and relieve Fox Company. Lee lead the way. He was successful, survived the war despite all efforts to the contrary, and died last year in his eighties. 

EDIT: Also, William E. Barber lead the beleaguered Fox Company. He had introduced himself to his men as the best combat commander they ever saw, which rubbed his men the wrong way. But during the Battle of the Chosin Reservoir, he was seen walking around during fierce firefights leading his men, who begged for him to take cover. "They have yet to make the bullet that can kill me," he told them, and continued his rounds. His wounded were concerned that they would be abandoned during a retreat. Barber went into the medical tent, and told the wounded, "I lead you up this mountain, and I will lead you down this mountain. We all go together or we all stay together." Then he walked out of the tent; he refused orders to retreat. A wounded man picked up his rifle and tried to follow his leader into combat, but was forced to stay because of the serious natures of his wounds. 

Source: The Last Stand of Fox Company.
This is so wrong but as a Chinese myself I kept reading his brother's name as Chow Mian Lee and Chow Fan Lee, which is stir-fried noodles and fried rice. 
Calling shennanigans.  Inchon turned the first phase of the war around.  At that point the Chinese were not especially involved.  After Inchon MacArthur rolled on up to the border with China, ignoring warnings, tons of solid intel, because the stupid motherfucker thought the alleged natural inferiority of the Chinese would keep them from sending a couple of million alleged volunteers swarming all the way south of Seoul.  Somewhere in there I could see the value of a Chinese speaking officer. 
The first troll face.  
Good guy Lee
How is there not a badass of the week article on him?
Zeus! Ult!
This guy is awesome. 
Did he ever face racial discrimination? 
http://articles.latimes.com/2010/may/31/entertainment/la-et-chosin-20100531

"I would have kicked ass and done whatever was necessary," said Lee, 84, retired and living in Washington, D.C. "To me, it didn't matter whether those were Chinese, Korean, Mongolian, whatever — they were the enemy."

Hardcore ass kicking Marine! 
SF
Holy shit his wiki page is great, complete badass 
10/10 that guy is the OG troll.
Semper Fi!
This is way more significant that what the first woman in the Marine Corps did but everyone knows who she is.
thats cool but people shouldnt be sent to kill their own ethnicity 
The original troll.
i hope that heathen died like a dog. killing his brothers for the whiteman. a true traitor
Does that make him a hero or a traitor?
**Traitor to his own race! What a shit excuse of a person!**


This would be much more effective against Imperial Japan.
go han jian
But China denied sending troops into Korea.
Herro take a orda pre
That's what they get for bringing guns and knives to a crazy motherfucker fight.
For those of you who came directly to the comments, the whole story is badass. I pasted the relevant bit below:
* * *
Another well-documented gunfight resulted in the most kills by one person in a single event, when Capt. Jonathan R. Davis shot eleven bandits single-handedly on 19 December 1854. Unknown to Davis and his companions, a band of robbers was lying in wait in the canyon brush near the trail. They were a typically diverse and motley group of Gold Rush bandits: two Americans, one Frenchman, two Britons, five Sydney Ducks, and four Mexicans. As Captain Davis and his companions trudged on foot, the bandit gang charged out of the brush, pistols flaming. James McDonald died instantly, without time to draw his revolver or react in any way. Dr. Bolivar managed to get his six-shooter out and fire twice at the highwaymen before he dropped, badly wounded. Captain Davis later described himself as being "in a fever of excitement at the time." Unfazed, he stood his ground, pulling out both pistols and firing a barrage at the charging outlaws. He shot down his assailants, one after another. The outlaws' bullets tore at Davis's clothing, but caused only two slight flesh wounds. Within moments, seven of the bandits were dead or dying on the ground and Davis's pistols were empty. Four of the remaining robbers now closed in on the captain to finish him off. Davis whipped out his Bowie knife, and quickly warded off the thrusts from the two of the bandits. He stabbed one of them to death; the other he disarmed by knocking the knife from his grasp and slicing off his nose and a finger of his right hand. The two last attackers were the men who had been wounded in a previous bandit raid. Despite their weakened condition, they foolishly approached Davis with drawn knives. The captain reacted in an instant. Slashing with his heavy Bowie, he killed them both.
He then went on to start the band Korn.
&gt; single-handedly killed 11 armed bandits...while dual-wielding revolvers


Dad here. It must've been pretty hard to dual-wield revolvers using only one hand.
This is why western movies need to come back. 
This definitely makes me think of Roland Deschain.
&gt; He sustained only 2 slight flesh wounds

Which were coincidentally friction burns on his two gigantic balls from dragging them around on the ground
Teal life inspiration for Brock Samson.

Edit: Real.  Fuck you Samsung keyboard.
&gt;2 slight flesh wounds

I imagine this as missing 2 limbs, thanks Monty Python.
Dude's build was on point. Chose all the right perks.
[deleted]
Worst. Bandits. Ever. 
!!!! I live like 15 or 20 minutes from that fork of the American River! I love gold rush stories and locations but I've never heard of this. I'm in shock right now! I need to see if there is an historical sign for this (which are all over Sacramento County and Placer County)
http://imgur.com/gallery/tiH8j23
The wild west. When you could shoot people dead in the street for disagreeing with you as long as you called it a duel.

You guy think this is interesting I suggest reading into the actual history of Billy the Kid. One of many serious wild west figures that is just absolutely fascinating and amazing. 


Davis, the D is silent, bitch
&gt;Actual gunfights in the Old West were very rare, very few and far between

Little known fact:   The gold rush in the Klondike actually was much more like what the movies portray than the wild west ever was.  Before the RCMP finally showed up, gunfights in the street were pretty much an everyday occurrence.  
Isn't that the guy from Korn?
Nice try Wikipedia, I don't buy your horseshit "one time when I was drunk playing Red Dead Revolver" stories.
Were they six shot revolvers?

If so, Ocelot is proud.
&gt;He sustained only 2 slight flesh wounds

TIS BUT A SCRATCH
Who knew the guy from Korn was so brutal.
Can't tell if he is the biggest badass ever, or if they were the worst bandits ever.
Did he scream "Are you reeaaaaddy!?"
So he's a real life Roland.
Must have used dead eye.
What was the last bandit alive thinking? Dude just killed 10 men single handed, my reaction would be to flee.
"And don't you ever stand for that sort of thing. Someone ever tries to kill you , you try to kill 'em right back."
What a coincidence. Who knew that 150 years later, Jonathan Davis of Korn would single-handedly kill music by dual wielding metal-rap fusion and then finishing it off by hiring and promoting Fred Durst.
I bet he yelled "Fill your hands you sons of bitches!" before he killed them.
[Only a fleshwound](http://youtu.be/zKhEw7nD9C4)?
He is the inspiration for John Marston
&gt;only 2 slight flesh wounds

So he lost his arms, got it.
Vats + Stim Packs
Sounds like an incompetent ambush against a skilled gun fighter. Pure luck that he survived really. Only one of them had to be a good shot.
The bandits were known as "the storm troopers".

Edit: Had to correct the autocorrect.
All the heroes of olden time
Who have jingled alike in armor and rhyme, 
Hercules, Hector, Quintus Curtius, 
Pompey, and Pegasus-riding Perseus, 
Brave Bayard, and the brave Roland, 
Men who never a fight turned backs on; 
Charles the Swede, and the Spartan band, 
Coriolanus, and General Jackson, 
Richard the Third, and Marcus Brutus, 
And others, whose names won’t rhyme to suit us, 
Must certainly sink in the dim profound 
When Captain Davis’s story gets round.
He must be pretty good.

I hope he didn't test a technique he's only heard about in battle though.
Did this guy have a concept of how badass he was? Did all these dudes jump out, and he was like "Hell yeah, its shithead season boys!"
What was the eleventh one thinking?

"Surely I'll be the one to succeed."
"In April 14, 1881, lawman Dallas Stoudenmire participated in a gunfight in El Paso, Texas which many dubbed the Four Dead in Five Seconds Gunfight, in which he killed three of the four fatalities with his twin .44 caliber Colt revolvers. One of those killed was an innocent Mexican bystander" Still counts...
&gt;2 slight flesh wounds 

Say that three times fast. 
TIL you can do something single-handedly using both of your hands.
Interesting note:  The flesh wounds were caused from his gigantic balls dragging on the ground!
He killed them single-handedly, and was also dual-wielding? 
Roland Deschain would've gotten all 11 with the revolvers and had 1 bullet left.
Sorry, boys. You just picked the wrong gunfighter to mess with.

One bad day at the office for the firm of outlaws. 100% attrition rate.
He was also known to scream "boom daktaboom dumnahilla" at his enemies.
The new Korn album is going to be brutal.
What an iron balled badass!
No clue how this man manage to fight with those giant balls of his. 
He went there to kick ass and chew bubble gum...
And here I was thinking I was the only person to spell the name "Johnathan." While I doubt my mom knew about Mr. Davis, it's kind of cool finally seeing someone else with this bastard spelling.
I lived in Northern VA for a while and drove down Johnathan Davis highway all to get to work everyday, same guy?
Reminds me of Kentucky abolitionist [Cassius Clay](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cassius_Marcellus_Clay_\(politician\)#Political_career)
Whenever you think you are a badass. Think of Mr. Davis here. 
Will Munny?
Yosemite Sam ass nigga
Real life norrisman
Big Boss ain't got shit against this guy 
The Raid 3: Gold Rush West
Also in 1854: crazy motherfuckers kill 11 people and then claim they were bandits

TIL about the Sydney Ducks.
A Bowie knife and revolvers? This guy is a real life spy from tf2
I think this guy and Peter Freuchen COULD just walk into Mordor.
Ninjas dancing around while attacking the hero one at a time doesn't seem so crazy now, does it?


Imagine if dudes were just like, "Its a prank! Its a prank".
I've never even seen a single eleven armed bandit, let alone multiple!
that +15% attack speed for dual wielding is no joke. 
And every action movie has been taken down by the exact same thing they did.
Whiskey Assisted Targetting System.
He cut of some son of a bitch's nose!  I'm putting that bastard in my American Hero's Hall of Fame right next to Teddy Roosevelt.  That makes two people in my Hall of Fame.
He had 12 shots. Am disappoint. 
Wow. Gimli is even more bad-ass than I thought. 
I thought this incident was how that knife got the name Bowie.
He killed an army of Shiva's?
I love how they conveniently leave out the fact that the 11 "bandits" were actually storm troopers.  Goodamned revisionist history.
Isnt that picture the end for the "Great Train Robbery" ?
Pick up two flashlights that a similar, take a moment to point each separately at a few things, then decide to point both at something up on a kitchen shelf, with just a little bit reach toward it -- those beams will be pretty close.  Work those beams across the shelf, you'll find they move closely with one another.

If the historic band charged him bunched up, they would have taken a heavy lead barrage, depending on how he fired his pistols.  Now, how he stood there under fire (he just didn't get hit), probably some skill, knowledge, and ultimate flight or fight response -- in this case -- FIGHT!?
Never should have come here...
awesome posts OP, read the duels part too.
My favorite people to read about in history are those that made history simply because people fucked with the wrong person on the wrong day. 
What about this guy "As the door was thrown open Jack woke, and instantly divining the cause of the intrusion, he snatched up the knife near his pillow and sprang like a cat out of his bed; and then began a strange and bloody fight, one man, stark naked, with a short-bladed knife in his hand, against seven men with their long facons, in a small pitch-dark room."

[https://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/h/hudson/william_henry/far_away/complete.html](https://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/h/hudson/william_henry/far_away/complete.html)

Well now, if this happened in present day Ohio he'd be jailed.
2 slight flesh wounds? So what did he do after he lost his arms? 
His wallet was stamped with "BAD MOTHERFUCKER" 
Hopefully someone sees this.... Have you heard of "El Catorce"? He killed [14.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victoriano_Ram%C3%ADrez)
Don't know if it's been posted yet, but if not, you're welcome. 

http://www.badassoftheweek.com/captaindavis.html
Yosemite Sam ass nigga Real life norrisman Big Boss ain't got shit against this guy have a concept of how badass he was?
TIL Dont fuck with Johnathan R Davis.
[I thought that was just a game.](http://store.steampowered.com/app/368500/)
You picked a bad time to get lost, friend.
All while wearing a cornflower blue ADIDAS tracksuit. 
TIL Jonathan Davis single-handedly killed 11 storm troopers dressed as bandits
He would be cs pro in present day,kinda badass.
Why do we glorify killing people so much?
He probably used the meat. 
Then he went on to create the teen angst band KORN
Hell by the end I could kill dragons with one blow of a legendary band of robbers was lying in wait in the realm, the guy from Korn?
Wow just found new respect for Korn
He looks like the guy from those commercials I saw as a kid - did he ever shoot a guy for snoring too loud?
Unfazed, he stood his ground, pulling out both pistols and firing a barrage at the highwaymen before he dropped, badly wounded.
Big Boss is a time traveler
"You boys get out of here, I'll take the rap for all of this myself" - Jonathan R Davis
Did the bandits drop any good loot?
The guy from koRn?
You'd think after the first few guys were down the rest would fuck off upon realizing this guy had gone apeshit.
Then later, he started the band "Korn" and invented Dubstep.

Amazing guy.
DPS FTW!
Beast Mode activated 
Sounds like he opened up an extra large can of "whup-ass" and served it with a side of "bitch please" and a nice tall glass of "cold mother fucker"
Maybe they were just starving peasants? Just because you go bandit, doesn't mean you're a natural born killer deep down. Still the outcome was just. A man's got to know his limitations. You feeling lucky...punk? Go ahead...make my day. There's obviously a bit more to it than that.
Davis shot first. 
What does this have to do with the great train robbery.?
And then he founded Korn. 
Apparently guns of the era were not incredibly accurate so close distance gun fights where no one was shot were actually pretty common
Well, he had to make up for his parents misspelling his name somehow.
What if he was actually a sadistic mass murderer?  None of the others involved in the story lived to tell their side of the story.
I don't see why anyone would find this hard to believe. It's just another example of the inequality of the human species which we see on a daily basis.

You have some humans like Einstein or Darwin who can unravel the universe and you have some humans who are illiterate.

You have some people  severely obese then you have someone like LeBron James who runs and jumps with ease. 

There are exceptional people at every facet of human life. Outside of playing arenas and classrooms they have less opportunity to show and have documented their exceptional abilities.  


He later went on to form a pretty good band. 
Dude would have been a CS:GO pro.
Now I know why Korn lyrics always sounds so angsty
Wonder how many current or ex KoRn fans took a second look at this title. (I did.)
And to think, most people know him from Korn.
From the article:

&gt;He then went on to become the lead singer of the band 'Korn'

Wow, this guy lived an incredible life.  Doot doot to him.
I'm invincible!
Tis only a flesh wound!
What I don't understand is how Korn neglected to put this scene in any of their videos.
"Tis but a scratch, oh wait. Oh yeah just two. Tis two scratches"
"Tis but only a flesh wound" said he after the fight
"DEAD BODIES EVERYWHEEEEEERE!!!"
- Jonathan Davis
What an iron balled badass!
/r/titlegore
Did he yell out I fucked your maws? you know...like...Call of ...duty!
She looks like one of those people in Medieval paintings. Makes sense.
We all know she's really David Bowie. 
I knew she was immortal.
she was mean to those people in that movie about the train

she talked funny too
she was awesome in Constantine
Oh yeah? Well I've been renting an apartment and have lived here for about 6 months!
Ohhh!!! She's from the *Norman* Swintons? Good family, there. Good stock.
&gt; Her father is a Major-General, KCVO, OBE, DL, and Lord Lieutenant of Berwickshire from 1989 to 2000. **Her mother was Australian.**

Well that de-escalated quickly.
I was filming on a piece of land in Bushmills, NI a few months back and got talking to the landowner. He was telling us how his family had owned the land for hundreds of years and he could trace his lineage back to the 1700s, when his ancestors were chased out of Scotland for some traitorous crimes and moved to Ireland. 

He was the first generation to let outsiders onto his land. The place was amazing. 
[deleted]
A friend of my dad's when he was growing up have a family tree he could trace back to William the Conqueror. I thought that was pretty cool. We visited their manor and had a look around their lands.
TIL Tilda Swinton didn't play [Switch](http://i.imgur.com/RszQTZw.jpg) in *The Matrix*
Her father's a Major General, he is a [Major Gen-er-al](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSGWoXDFM64)
She does seem a little odd.
TIL about the [Norman Conquest](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norman_conquest_of_England)
Tilda was friends with Princess Diana at school too. 

A lot of British actors are really posh.  Helena Bonham Carter (who has a habit of playing herself in every film), Rose Leslie (GoT's Ygritte), and Kit Harrington (GoT's Jon Snow), for example.  

Rose actually played a maid on Downton Abbey, which is funny as her father is chieftain of a Scottish clan.  Kit's father is the heir to the Baronetcy of Harrington.  Kit's brother is their father's heir though. 

The [father] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Shaughnessy) on the TV show 'The Nanny' is a Baron and he's one of the few people that hold a Canadian title as he is the Baron Shaughnessy of Montreal. 
She is quite curvy.  See:  ~
TILda Swinton
It's amazing the meticulous records kept by the Brits and the fact that many can trace their families back centuries. 
Mine starts at the Conquest. Good ol' Welshmen of Twirly.
Soooo she's old money to a new level.
Ooh cool pic of thom yorke
And they have been getting paler and more gender-neutral with each generation. 
You could have shot me, John!
Can anyone explain what this means?
I've stayed on said land! My mum married the groundskeeper for General Swinton (simply referred to by all around as The General) and they have a little cottage on the land.

Beautiful place to go and stay when want to get away from city life for a bit. Never been there when Tilda has, although my mum has met her and her children.
Question, because I maybe don't understand how all that lineage works again.

Her great-great-grandfather was a Balfur, her great-grandfather was a Swinton. Her father was a Swinton, and her mother a Balfur. So she comes from a long line of incest or family trading?
I don't care what anyone says, Tilda is mega gorgeous.

People always look at me like I'm a damned alien because I find her more attractive and interesting than your average Jennifer Lawrence Hollywood starlet.
About 10 years ago me and a mate were driving to a tool concert.  Saw a interesting looking guy hitching and guessed he might have been heading to the concert so picked him up, sure enough he is. His name was Sandro Kopp and he described his occupation as a vaginal artist... essentially he painted pictures of vaginas.  I recently learned he is dating Tilda Swinton and often wonder what art adorns their walls.
That's next level white. 

The whitest white. 
Even the wikipedia article that this TIL is based on is a bit misleading, as it fails to mention that the Swintons are one of only three families mentioned in an 1800's book on the "landed Gentry" of Great Britain and Ireland, that can trace their male lineage and land ownership to pre-1066.
^In other words.

She had a silver spoon.
&gt;unbroken land onwnership

And here I am owning broken land like a chump
For some reason I have always been attracted to this woman. Even now if she came to me and asked to smash I  would be down. 
Really? because [here is my unbroken linage to way before the Norman Conquest](http://i.imgur.com/JpichCR.png)
That explains a lot. 
So, if Tilda Swinton got in a fight with Gwendoline Christie (Brienne of Tarth), who would win?
Pretty good person to bring winter to the Narnians.  
Note Land Ownership AND lineage.

Plenty have lineage farther back
She currently lives in a small part of Scotland and is neighbours with my aunt and uncle, they have a Great Dane and once she asked my uncle if she could come over and see her puppies if she had any
 From that day onwards they fast forward through any nude scenes out of respect
She is so beautiful.
She looks like it, too.
I thought this was Conan Obrien? 
If y'all haven't seen her in Jim Jarmusch's *Last Lovers Left Alive*, I highly recommend it. Interesting flick.
Tilda Swinton: When you absolutely positively must hate the living shit out of a movie character. 

EDIT: Great actress, can make a character absolutely despicable. 
It shows.

Tilda looks like someone from an old time english painting
She knocked my socks off in Burn after reading. She was the best thing about it.
My mum is a genealogist, and she claims she can trace her family back to 1066. Now I wonder if this is bullshit.
She sure looks like it
You can see it in her face. She looks like one of those pictures from the Renaissance Era. 
FUCKING NORMAN SHITS GO HOME, REMOVE FROG REMOVE FROG YOU ARE WORST BASTARDS. SAXON PRIDE ANGLIA WIDE 
Listen Reddit... we need to talk about Kevin.
I really liked her in *Constantine*.
Never heard of her
Because she's an immortal!  :)
Yeah? Well, everyone in Iceland (that is born to a native) can do that and better. I can trace my lineage from here to the first settler. Who came here in 874. 
Congratulations Tilda, for having done absolutely nothing in regard to this 'feat'.
She looks like David Bowie.
&gt; the Norman Conquest

*English History: Norman Conquest [Credit: Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.]the military conquest of England by William, duke of Normandy, primarily effected by his decisive victory at the Battle of Hastings (Oct. 14, 1066) and resulting ultimately in profound political, administrative, and social changes in the British Isles.*

http://www.britannica.com/event/Norman-Conquest
ELI5 How far back that is exactly? 
Does she have an outrrrrageous accent?
And she knows it too. 
So she's a filthy Saxon?
She's also a COMMIE!!
It shows. 
*In England.

Buried, but there are older family lineages out there. There is a German family that can trace their lineage to something like 3000 years ago. I think Guiness only recognizes the Confusious family at about 3000 years also, though.
well shit, I"ll fight her for it! get ready TIlda, I'm going to kick your lilly white arse!
So that's why she looks like that
All i know is that my house is built on what used to be a corn field.
Goes to show how unlikely it is that anybody will know who you were after a few hundred years.
For a second I thought that was Anderson cooper
She really does look like David Bowie at times. 
She looks like a squire, so there's that
I instantly recognized her as the white Witch from Narnia. 
That's some blue blood.
I am a direct descendant of King Richard and Rollo but in think millions of others are too
Norman Conquest is an epic name. 
she can also be ultra-creepy, and a GIF of her once scared the crap out of me XD
Nobody's mentioned her performance in Michael Clayton?

Tilda practicing her lawyering in front of the mirror was great acting.
I feel like I could read anything about her and I'd believe it
And people say all English actors are posh.
Is it bad that I don't know what the Norman Conquest is or who she is?
So was Christopher Lee, right? Couldn't be trace his lineage directly to Constantine?
So, she's basically a character from *The Ocean at the End of the Lane.*
~
She came to watch my schools performance of lion the witch and the wardrobe last year. She's pretty nice, even if she is terrifying on screen. 
Edit: mispelled year
This means her family managed to pick the winning sides in wars going back to before the Norman conquest. Or at the very least negotiated a settlement after loosing that allowed them to keep their lands. That is an incredible string of good luck. 
What was it someone said about every English actor coming from a posh, upper-class background?

Although, if you look at American actors, you can see a similar trend. It's disturbing.
Badass. 
&gt; The Swinton family is one of only three families (along with the Ardens and the Berkeleys) that can trace their unbroken land ownership and lineage to before the Norman Conquest

So you're telling me that the House of Windsor doesn't have records going that far back? I know they're German but they did marry into the local noble houses.
Her family sure is an Ancient One.
@NotTildaSwinton is a hilarous parody Twitter account. Tilda herself has given kudos to it.
Whitest woman I've ever seen.
~
She's *55 years old* as well. She doesn't look over 40.

https://www.google.com/search?q=tilda+swinton&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjpzf_3razJAhVFnQ4KHWELCIEQ_AUIBygB&amp;biw=1360&amp;bih=657
The Lofe of Lovecote says hey.
They were proven wrong about humanity being just them?
&gt; The Swinton family is one of only three families (along with the Ardens and the Berkeleys) that can trace their unbroken land ownership and lineage to before the Norman Conquest.

Surely the current British royal family can trace their unbroken land ownership and lineage to before the Norman Conquest too?
Wonder if her signature is a tilde?
And yet no one can figure out where she got her fashion sense.
AND was very good in Snowpiercer 
She also was against the arrest and prosecution of known pedophile Roman Polanski 
She should cameo in The Last Kingdom on BBCA.
saw her do a reading in a glass box at the moma... she's cool.
... in the UK.
Guiness: Whitest living androgyne. 
Well isn't she lucky. 
Norman Conquest?   Listen pal, if you want the title and crown of another nation, you invite a strong (but unlanded) claimant of that title to your court, have him marry into your family (preferably a daughter with the imbecile/slow trait) and after a few years, push their claim.  If you have de jure claims on any of the target countries lands, the new claimant will be installed as the new King of that country as your vassal and you can laugh yourself all the way to the bank and/or to the next crusade.  Deus Vult af.
Since before the Norman conquest? Wouldn't everyone from Britain be able to claim this? 1000 years is at least 30 generation, that means at least 2^30 descendants. That's one billion ( 10^9 ) descendants. In practice we probably can multiply it with at least a factor of 10, so at least 10 billion ( 10^10 ) descendants. Of course, in practice this means that basically every brit is one of these descendants (probably through many, probably ~100, lines).
Traceable only because she's older than recorded time. Orlando is real. 
Why did you put a picture of "hipster julian assange" ?
well then! they were either very strong, or traitors.
The actress Rose Leslie, who played Ygritte in GoT comes from a family that can trace its Land roots back to 1080, just after the Norman conquest, her Father is chief of Clan Leslie, and her Grandfather the 13th Lord Lovatt, the only person in the UK apart from the Queen legally allowed to raise an Army.
can somebody ELI5 what this means and why it's notable?
THAT's because that bitch is the MOTHER FUCKING SNOW QUEEN!
Loved her performance on Kutcher's Jobs movie. 
Here's the intl movie poster. She's the one behind the Apple II:
http://image.nanopress.it/cinema/fotogallery/628X0/71655/jobs-locandina.jpg
And she was friends with Princess Diana...that's crazy 
ya i always thought she was weird and had something to hide.
They probably scared away intruders with their odd appearance.
Its good to own land.
I thought this was interesting:  &gt;While at Cambridge, she joined the Communist Party;[11] she later joined the Scottish Socialist Party.
[This is Norman of the Norman Conquest fame.](http://i.imgur.com/tfVISyF.jpg)
So what you're basically saying is that she's posh.
Oh course she does 
She lives in the town I am moveing to.
/r/lifeofnorman
I feel like the key here is land ownership AND lineage. I'm sure much more people can trace their lineage than their land ownership, and most likely if you can trace your land ownership, you can trace your lineage.
Lol I just read about this last night as well. Wait is this me from another dimension?
She also lives relatively near Nairn, I only learnt this today as apparently a girl I know from the area goes out with her son, but she's fucking crazy so who knows.
Another TIL: While she was trying to make it as an actor, she worked as a professional gambler, betting on horse races. 
http://www.contactmusic.com/tilda-swinton/news/tilda-swinton-opens-up-about-life-as-a-professional-gambler_4489125
Oh god, I suddenly feel compelled to play Europa Universalis 4 as the Normans now.
She calls herself the Queen of Narnia, but she really isn't.
1066th comment :D
Came here for hot pics of her.....found nothing...throw me a bone here guys. 
Her father is a Major-General, KCVO, OBE, DL, and Lord Lieutenant of Berwickshire from 1989 to 2000. Her mother was Australian.
Awesome, another aristocrat to not waste another second of my day caring about...oh wait...already fucked up that.
ITT: /r/badhistory
Magnificent actress.
I can trace my family on one side back to the [Doomsday Book](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domesday_Book) completed about 20 years later by William the Conqueror... but that's not quite as cool, nor am I famous. Alas.
TIL lineage is not only a game but also an english word.  
(not a native speaker)
of course she fucking does.
Wow, that's some Edward Rutherfurd shit right there...
~ Swinton
ALL is ALL
She looks it.
I would die so fast in the matrix, and the other in the game of thrones.
I like their Tilda basmati rice.
The thousand years of inbreeding is wildly apparent.
One can see just by looking at her that the level of inbreeding at play with her makes West Virginia look positively cosmopolitan.
Border Reiver pride!
Makes sense. She looks like a whitewalker.
...so...Orlando was really more of an autobiography? 
I feel like i should go to ancestry.com now...
She is such a GODDESS
Interesting. I just finished reading The Wake which takes place during the Norman Invasion and I really didn't understand until I read the authors few pages about the actual war just how much it wrecked England. 
Interesting, I can trace my own lineage back to before Alfred the Great thanks to some noble blood but land ownership?  Nope.  
I was filming on a piece of land and lineage are different things And you own the same time.
She was perfect for her Her and Peter Stormare as Lucifer are amazing in that film!!!! The way God intended OMFG that guy is beautiful.
I have lived on their land near Duns (Kimmerghame) in a cottage for a few years . Met her father a few times, quite a nice chap if a bit crazy. :) 
I'm at work so I cant read the link; how stagnant is that gene pool?
TIL ~
No wonder she played the White Witch so well in the Chronicles of Narnia.
She looks straight out of a bergman film.
TIL The Normans imported lips.
All that linage and she still took it in the ass on camera, whoa dragon tat girl 
Please. Tilda Swinton is obviously Benedict Cumberbatch in drag. 
Careful or she'll call Jim Hall. He owns United.

http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=d5c_1434121061
Norman!

Yah, Ralph.

I know that you know that I know that I still got that land...
That's racist
Bah, the descendants of Charlemagne but the degree to which things have to be not so bonnie after all.
[deleted]
&gt; TIL There are only three families that can trace their unbroken land ownership and lineage to before the Norman Conquest

FTFY
Who's Tilda Swinton?

edit: formatting
She looks like it too.

But can her family see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
So that's why she looks old blood/inbred.
She also doesn't have eyelashes, creeps me out every time I see her...dunno why just gives me the chills...
We visited their manor and had a bunch of sons, cousins, uncles, aunts, sisters, and grandparents with the same time.
The Swintons are famed in Scottish history.

 In one particular battle the Scots, who would usually send cavalry to scatter English archers, but didn't on this occasion, were on a hillside with arrows raining down on them. With the situation looking pretty bleak Sir John Swinton said loudly 

&gt;"O my brave countrymen! what fascination has seized you to-day, that you stand like deer to be shot, instead of indulging your ancient courage, and meeting your enemies hand to hand? Let those who will, descend with me, that we may gain victory, and life, or fall like men."

Upon hearing this, a Gordon who Swinton had a feud with fell upon his knees, begged Swintons pardon and asked him to knight him. Swinton knighted him, and together with a hundred men they charged down off the hill and fought to the death.
Well she isn't going to bother going on "Who Do You Think You Are?" then.

Impressive though. Mines only traced to the 16th century, norman conquest is twice as long...damn
My new wrestling name is Norman Conquest.
Theobald l's father was Thibault, Count of Vermandois-&gt;Heribert l, Count of Tours.
If you dive in head first, then going in up to your waist is deadly. 
Now Alaskan beach mud is something we were taught to fear as children  
  
you wont drown it, just suction you feet in  
  
now watch the tide come in
This is heavily dependent on the type of quicksand as there are numerous types, some of which are FAR more dangerous. River quicksand in particular is extremely deadly as it tends to have flowing lower density water UNDER the sand layer, so you basically just fall through a 2-3 foot dirt crust into a water pit and you are then immediately buried by the surrounding dirt, I've seen entire horses disappear within a blink of an eye in the stuff never to be seen again, seriously scary shit.

There is also "dry" quicksand which occurs in duned areas and result from eroded areas in the bedrock suddenly collapsing under you as you walk across the top of the sand. This type of quicksand will swallow a person completely within a couple of seconds and immediately fill the hole on top of them with more sand, causing them to effectively just vanish. If you hadn't seen exactly were they disappeared, you will have virtually no chance finding them before it is too late, and a lot of times they will have no chance even if you do know exactly were they sank.
Oh yeah? Then explain [THIS](http://imgur.com/wZjBtHy)
Quicksand used to be my biggest nightmare as a child but it really hasn't turned out to be that big an issue.

Edit: Ah, John Mulaney is where I heard this
[This guy](http://i.imgur.com/gdGtMdD.jpg) must have a density of 0 grams per milliliter then?
The wiki had a few references to [this Mythbusters episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BhVebTMiiY) on Quickstand:

&gt;Because [quicksand] increasingly impairs human locomotion, it allows harsher elements such as sunlight, dehydration, carnivores, omnivores, hypothermia or tides to harm a trapped person.
Unless they're struggling with an ROUS.
Nice try, QUICKSAND.
[What about horses](https://aznbadger.files.wordpress.com/2010/11/tns_031noahhathawayartax.jpg?w=1252)
I got stuck in quicksand with 3 foot of water on top. I fell into it and my hands sank, which caused gases to escape. Pushing down caused me to sink further, and the suction from pulling my hand out was pulling me under water. I almost drowned. If it wasn't for my fat fuck of a body, I wouldn't be sad and miserable as I type this right now. 
You are my density, quicksand.
That's exactly the sort of thing a quicksand pit would say, trying to trick us into thinking we are safe and then just gobbling us up. I'm on to you you sneaky pits.
This will get buried, but I wanted to share the time I got pulled out of knee deep mud by an M88 Hercules.

It was my second week of field training on tanks down a Fort Knox.  It had been raining for a few days, so we were having some fun running through giant puddles.  Well one of the puddles proved too much for the old M1 Abrams and we got stuck.

Now I should tell you, these puddles weren't your average puddle.  They were like small ponds.  So I hoped out to into navel deep water to attach the tow cable.

As I am attaching the cable I realize I'm being sucked down into the mud.  No problem, I'm right by the front slope of the tank, I'll just pull myself up that way.  Unfortunately I sunk faster than anticipated and I couldn't pull myself out.  The rest of the crew attempted to pull me out to no avail.

So the called in an M88 to come get me.  By the time they get there I had sunk in to about my knees and the water was now at my mid chest.  They tossed me a tow strap, I secured it around my chest, and they pulled me out slowly with a winch.
Radiolab had an awesome [story about quicksand](http://www.radiolab.org/story/quicksand/)
Quicksand can kill you, though.  

The danger comes from your body displacing large pockets of air and gases that build up underneath the sand. 

So you fall in, rather than sink. 
Ah, so just deep enough to immobilize you until the howler monkeys show up and eat your face.
[deleted]
If anyone on Gilligan's Island had known this, they'd have saved a lot of time.
Tell that to 9 year old me
When I was in undergrad I did some field work in south Alabama. You'd just be stomping along and find yourself waist deep in the ground. 
How are we on falling anvils and real sticks of dynamite, then?
It's still very deadly though. Getting caught in quicksand near a beach could kill you if you panic and don't know how to get out or find someone to help you. Even if you're nowhere near a beach, there is still the fact that you're stuck. Again, if you panic and don't know how to get out or find someone soon, you'll be dead within a couple of days.

The best way to get out if you're alone is to make yourself as flat as possible and slowly wriggle yourself up and out of it. It'll take time but it beats dying of exposure and dehydration. If you have someone with you, it's best if they leave to go get help. Odds are they wont be able to pull you out and they risk getting stuck too. There are people who are trained to get people out of quick sand. Honestly, though, it doesn't take much training. All you really need is a hose. They will stick a hose down into the quicksand and pump a lot of water really quickly and that will loosen the sand enough for you to swim out of.
Still doesn't stop it from being terrifying. When i was 6 or 7 my brother and I were running down a dirt road that was closed for the season. It was March so the thaw had happened and some pebbles were quicksand. My brother who is 2 years ~~old~~ older showed me how to jump them. You gotta be fast and push off quick. My first try I was not quick enough and fell in fist waist deep, then I slowly sank up to my chin. I sat in that puddle until help arrived for about 20min. I was complete terrified that any moment would be my last. 
You're still out of luck if you're a ferret though: 

https://youtu.be/F461FINv3DU
Debunked all of the great science I learned from Gilligan's Island :(
You can get them deeper than the waist if you really push hard.
Can confirm, This is true. 

Source: currently sinking in quicksa 
But what about AAAAARRRTEEEEEEX!?!?!
As a child, cartoons lead me to believe quicksand would be a much greater threat to me in my adult life. 

In reality, I've only accidentally wandered into a pit of quicksand maybe once or twice.
I can't even begin to explain how terrified I was of quicksand as a child. 

And by "child" I mean well into my 30's. 

I blame Beastmaster
My whole fucking childhood was a lie. 

All of it.

Gillian's Island.

Johnny Quest.

Thg Super Friends.

What am I gonna do now?
Growing up, I thought quicksand was going to be more of a thing.
Gilligan! 
Well, dying a slow, miserable death of thirst, or infection sure sounds better. 
Yeah, so fuck you, Neverending Story!
Nice try, quicksand.
I don't know...there are some pretty dense people
Why hasn't quicksand become a larger problem in my life like the cartoons said they would. 
I wish I'd known this growing up. I swear I fully expected to have to struggle with quicksand at some point in my adult life.  The hours I spent thinking up ways I would survive. I was terrified but confident I could handle it cuz you know, I've seen a ton of movies featuring quicksand. But here we are decades later and I find was never in danger. All that mental preparation...wasted.
Huh. Good to know. [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiOUJGCC_ro) gave me nightmares as a kid.
Holy shit, ten year old me would be so happy to hear this. 
Whew, one less thing to worry about.
What about a horse?
http://i.imgur.com/0ESwrfc.png
Thank God.  And all this  time we thought we would drown in the sand when in actuality we would have a slow painful death. 
[deleted]
This is not always true-- it really depends on the composition of the soil, and how it forms a colloid with water. Think wet crumbly sand, versus wet sticky mud. Very different properties. 

Many, many people have drowned to death in mud. It can take weeks, and is horrifying.

In WWI, many soldiers sunk to their deaths in quicksand-like mud due to heavy rains in Belgium, combined with the weight of their gear. In particular, [the Battle of Passchendaele](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Passchendaele) is notorious for the number of mud-related casualties. 

Soldiers would sink while sleeping, and wake up unable to move. They'd become trapped in the mud if they strayed off the narrow wooden plank bridges that connected the trenches/supply lines. They'd also become stuck in mud if they ventured out of the trenches into No Man's land. If they tried to save fellow trapped soldiers, they would slowly sink and become trapped themselves. 

And so, the British high command forbade soldiers to attempt to save each other. They just had to listen to the doomed men scream while waiting to slowly drown over the course of weeks.

I heard the following in one of Dan Carlin's Hardcore History podcasts: A soldier's account of his unit marching past a man sunk to his knees in the mud, begging for help. The same unit marched back along the same route a week later, and the same man was still there. Still screaming, sunk up to his neck, and completely insane.

**tldr; The quicksand of your nightmares exists. And it takes weeks to kill you.**

-----------------------------------------------


**EDIT: Evidence of what I'm talking about.**

Mud was a serious problem in both world wars. In both world wars, Germany could barely advance east into Russia during spring and autumn due to the mud generated by heavy seasonal rains. Men, horses, and equipment got bogged down and stuck. Tanks became useless.

The mud in WWI was especially deadly due to extremely heavy rain, combined with mortar shells tearing up the raw earth.

Pictures:


[Duckboard walkways from Passchendale, AKA the 3rd Battle of Ypres.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/79/Chateau_Wood_Ypres_1917.jpg/624px-Chateau_Wood_Ypres_1917.jpg)

[Tank sunken into the mud](https://canadaalive.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/passchendaele2.gif)


[Man stuck in the mud at the Battle of Verdun](http://res.cloudinary.com/spartz/image/upload/c_lfill,f_auto,fl_lossy,q_60,w_806/v1/prod/images/3d56a418a7f722b2e5979b4a73b11fc2.jpeg)


Giant artillery shells would leave ~30 foot craters in the churned-up earth, which would fill with rain and dead soldiers. If you fell in, you probably wouldn't be able to climb out. 


[Here is a painting called *L'Enfer* ("Hell"), a French WWI veteran's depiction of his time at the Battle at Verdun. Note the churned-up earth and drowning men.](http://wereldoorlog1418.nl/shell-shock/leroux.jpg)


If you'd like a video, try this [BBC Documentary on drowning in mud in Passchendale]
(http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/special_report/1998/10/98/world_war_i/203397.stm)


And if you'd like a personal account, listen to Harry Smith, the last surviving British WWI veteran, describe his experience at Passchendale in his autobiography *The Last Fighting Tommy*:

&gt;"I have a memory of crossing that stream. It was flooded, with the trees on either side smashed to pieces. We crossed on pontoons because the bridge had been blown up.

&gt;...Endless torrential rain and an Allied barrage of more than four million shells that preceded the initial assault on July 31, 1917, turned the battlefield into a quagmire that would bog down the offensive. Before Allied forces finally captured the town in November 1917, many soldiers were sucked under and drowned, and guns, tanks and horses also sank in the mud.

&gt;...There were bodies, both our own and German, from the first wave. It was sickening to see your own dead and wounded, some crying for stretcher-bearers, others semi-conscious and others beyond all hope... There were men who had been ripped to pieces – it wasn't just a case of seeing them with a neat bullet-hole in their tunic. Lots of people were crying for help but you couldn't stop. It was hellish. ...You could do nothing to help them. You just had to go forward through all that mud and blood. It was absolutely sickening.

&gt;...It rained and rained. Water flowed along the bottom of the trench. I'd stand on an ammunition box until it sank into the mud, then put another on top and stand on that. There was no sanitation and the place stank. You were filthy. From landing in France in June until coming out in September, I never had a bath nor clean clothes.

&gt;...We were sitting amid a sea of shell holes, up to our knees in gluey, sticky mud. The stench of rotting bodies was terrible. Right across the battlefield, the bodies of the dead and of the wounded would sink out of sight.'"
Yeah I remember the whole quicksand trope in Gilligan's Island, Blazing Saddles, etc.  A number of years ago I had to look this up- no, it's a real thing but nothing like movies.

The studio really has to go all-out to do "quicksand".  It looks like they dig a trench, line it with tarps, put dirt and plants on the edge of the tarp, fill with water, then, I guess, throw sawdust or something to float on top?  The mass of water is pretty tremendous so building a tank would be a thing... and it needs to show ground level around it.

It's weirdly not mud-like.  Seems like getting the volume of thickeners needed would be unreasonably problematic, so it's just "dirty water and floating stuff".

I'm guessing the poor actors probably didn't have a deep enough "pit" to pretend to stand in, and were maybe kneeling on the bottom and asked to pretend like they getting "sucked in".
Were you watching the weather channel last night? There was a special that highlighted this very fact. [This guy was hosting the quicksand segment](https://youtu.be/EiOq5PcTXeI?t=3m8s).
That was close. Darn near lost a $400 hand cart. 
What about horses?
Would this "float" if you were lateral?
When I was younger I really REALLY thought quicksand would play a more pivotal situation in my life. 
Tell that to that one guy from the live action jungle book 
What about lightning sand?
[What waist deep looks like](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=a2VJqud3Ls8)
Quicksand WILL kill you if you're stuck in it on a beach at low tide and tide comes up before you have time to get help for release.
So who volunteers to test for us?
shit bitch I didn't realize quicksand was standardized 
What about for horses (poor artrax the horse)
what if you're a midget?
I don't know what your source is, but 50,000 movies and TV shows from the 50's, 60's and 70's can't be wrong!
Well I mean... someone still has to find you..
My question is; where is all this quicksand that I've been terrified of since I was 6 and now I'm learning I won't even die from it?
Everyone knows the Rodents of Unusual Size will get you first.
[Girl sinks in quicksand/mud](http://www.ebaumsworld.com/video/watch/704738)
I could've told you that. Now, drum sand, that's what you've gotta watch out for.
What about sink mud? Just curious 
I wish I would have known this when I was 5.
That's adult human density. Infants have a much higher density and will usually drown/sink in about 4-5 minutes.
My understanding is struggling leads to liquifaction. You can then work yourself deeper. When you stop the grains of sand can then 'lock' .

If you are not careful your movements will cause you to 'burrow' into the sand.
Nice try, quicksand.
Yes, but I thought the struggle to get out is what sank you? 
Humans are made of water, bone, protein and fat, quicksand is made of water and rocks.
Next you'll be telling me that ROUS's aren't real.
being stuck up to your waist tends to lose its humor as the tide comes in.
Yup its the sun, and not being able to get out that kills you
I have a genetic disorder, and my bones and muscle tissue are more dense than normal as a result. Does that mean I'm screwed? I can't float in a swimming pool.
You may die from undercooling/hypothermia though if you can't free yourself.
Have fallen in quicksand, can confirm. 
Phew, I'm saved.
Oh yeah?!? Well tell that to my dead 1920's explorer grandfather!
As a kid watching cartoons I thought quicksand would be a way bigger hazard than it is.
ELI5?
I'm sorry this isn't in America units so I have no idea what you are saying. 
I loved those old movies where quicksand would suck you down in no time.
*Today* you learned this? Where have you been?
Proof that God exists!
Nice try, quicksand.
im not going to read the article, im just going to assume that i dont have to worry about quick sand anymore
You may only sink up to your waist, but you'll be there until someone pulls you out.
What about [a giraffe?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_Z3lmidmrY)
I've never felt so relieved in my life.
Wait a second, but it's not like all quicksand has that same density of fluid to material density...right?
Gilligan?
Care to demonstrate OP?
as a kid i once saw my step father slowly sink into wet sand.. he thought it was funny at first, as did i, but we both grew increasingly terrified as he kept sinking. me more so, because i thought he was going to be swallowed up, as i thought what happens when you're in quicksand. he called for me to get help, but by the time i returned with just a neighbor he was out, he was able to get over to a branch and pull himself out... lost his shoes though.
So Fix It Felix Jr. was just making up everything to get into Calhoun's pants. I thought as much.
But... Movies!
But what about two humans?
I have much less to fear from quicksand than childhood me thought I'd have.
I'm pretty sure there are two types of quick sand. Wet and dry. This may be true for set, dry is created due to an exposed cavern just under the surface of the sand. That one is different. 
risky .. very risky 
Not using SI units makes me feel restless. 
Funny, because that's the exact reason why they tell you not to struggle.  

There's many situations where panicking is why people die, quicksand is one of them.
It's the thing that lurks under the quicksand that pulls you under.
But... but Lawrence of Arabia...
Not sure what would be worse, death by dehydration and exposure, or drowning in semi aqueous sand.
You can lose a nice pair of hiking boots though, I unfortunately know due to experience and a dumb childhood dare
I have stepped in quicksand multiple times. Other than getting dirty as fuck it's not that big of a deal. 
Who wants to test this?
i'm not willing to test this theory, are you?
Arpax!!!!!
I have always wanted to have a play in quicksand .. with safety equipment of course - has just always mesmorized me since well foreever
Is that a challenge?
What does it mean by "unlikely"? As in in a scenario where someone thrashes around they sink more? Or certain body shapes/weights?
If you can't get out and nobody knows you are there you are going to have a hard time.
This explains a very vivid memory of a childhood friend sinking in very quick sand(mud), but getting stuck at his waist and having to pull him out was a bitch. 
Confirmation bias you don't hear from those who drown 
 "Am I wrong, or is the world...rising?"

"I don't know, but whatever it is, I hate it!"
soo, top comments are jokes. Quicksand isn't deadly unless you fight it. 
Water based life sinks about halfway in quicksand, got it.
Then why were we warned about this so much as kids?
I thought that most times quick sand is less than waist deep anyways
Reddit: Disappointing Quicksand Fetishists since 2015.
Eh I've seen someone go in further than their waste today you learned wrong 
Quicksand can't kill you unless you're trying.  What kills you is being trapped waist deep in mud somewhere out in the swamp.
Well that ruins about a half dozen Tarzan movies! Thank you.
Be right back, going to test this.
Actually quicksand can kill you within a matter of hours from crush syndrome if you slip down to your waist.

[Testimony.](http://www.zionadventures.com/ZBlog/trip-reports/quicksand/)

This went on for 40 minutes before I began to feel some physical pain from the constriction. One of my clients, Adam, and I discussed the fact I was quickly becoming a victim of compression or “crush” syndrome. As the sand kept refilling the cavity around me it became noticeably tighter and eventually was hindering blood flow in my legs, causing minor amounts of ischemia;  after 40 minutes, this was creating severe and uncontrollable lower leg cramps that I could not remedy, as it was impossible to move my legs. Yikes
are you sure? i know some pretty dense motherfuckers.
And if youre carrying gear as most exploresers are?
but its not just about the density is it? As you move you create voids in the thick fluid that become like vacuums so the external pressure can force you deeper into the very voids you create. 

Id imagine even if you "eventually" floated to the top you might could struggle yourself into submersion long enough to asphyxiate. 
That first paragraph [very scientifically] describes exactly what I used to do to the sand at the water's edge while at the beach. I figured out that if you made a big pile of wet sand it would look dry...until you started smacking it repeatedly. Then it would get super-liquidy 
All the movies and westerns I watched as a kid can go to hell!
I actually considered quicksand to be a real threat. Thank you physics.
Turns out I've been preparing my whole life for nothing. What do I do now?
That's probably deep enough to kill you.
"Princess Bride" had me freaked out about quicksand as q youngster.
Unless you're a dense motherfucker.
You have to worry about what's in the sand.... Mwuhahaha
Yeah right, OP.

What, next you'll tell me an anvil falling on you won't flatten you like a pancake? I call bullshit.
Yeah but if you struggle
This explains Cyrax in that one stage in MK3. 
[Cyrax did seem a little overdramatic at times](http://imgur.com/lBaj5O5)
(I wish I found a gif)
It's a simple question of weight ratios
What about midgets?
But if you're stuck up to the waist and the tide comes in there's a problem.
I need a proof 
i would direct you to dan carlin's hardcore history, blueprint for armageddon episode V to read just how quicksand can trap you and kill you dead in sometimes the slowest an most terrifying ways.
Who measures density in g/mm when it should be in g/mm^3?
Also if you lie on your back and lift your legs you won't sink.
Only problem is trying to breath with all of that pressure on your body
Humans have the same density as water? Neat
Psh, still way to scary for this guy.
 
I like my sand like I like my women: slow, and full of crabs.
 
...wait.
My brother had a professor who promised a crate of beer to the student who dared to stand in a quicksand tank. TU Delft in the mid 90's.
Scratch one irrational fear off the list 
Artex!
This would make for a really boring scene in one of those movies where the bad guy dies in the quicksand.
Oh thank god -disclaimer: not religious@all
[TIL I learned the OP doesn't understand how quicksand works.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJTGwZM05lQ)
As I child I was under the impression that quicksand was a very common, prominent danger. 
"Perfect Strangers" lied to me, then.
Yes, this is a medicolegal thing - I'm taking a Forensic Chemistry class at my college, and I recently had a Forensic Pathologist come and speak in my class, explaining a story similar/nearly identical to this one. This is because the technical definition of homicide is "death by someone else", not murder, and because someone else caused Brady's death (shooting =&gt; paralysis =&gt; complications =&gt; death), it must technically be ruled a homicide.
TIL that Hinckley is both alive and not in prison.
[deleted]
And they [decided not to press charges](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/crime/prosecutors-will-not-charge-hinckley-with-murder-in-death-of-james-brady/2015/01/02/67de0024-929a-11e4-a900-9960214d4cd7_story.html), so this homicide isn't quite what it sounds like at first blush.

&gt;Federal prosecutors said they will not charge John W. Hinckley Jr. with murder in the shooting of President Ronald Reagan’s press secretary in a 1981 assassination attempt, even though a medical examiner concluded that James S. Brady’s death in August was caused by the old wounds.
The UK (except Scotland) had a "year and a day" rule up until the mid 90s. If a victim survived 366 days after an attack, it was no longer murder. Now an attacker can be charged any time if the cause of death is proven to be due to the attack.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Year_and_a_day_rule
The same thing happened to a kid I knew. His dad was paralyzed during a gas station robbery and the clerk was killed. His dad lived for  about 30 years then died from the bullet in him causing sepsis. They added another murder charge to the guys that did it.
Hinkley is never ever ever getting out, and this was just done to further solidify that. 
There was an episode of Scandal like this.
Also Charles Whitman's final victim died in 2001. The damage from a bullet destroyed his one good kidney and 30 years later he decided he had had enough and quite dialysis. His death was ruled a homicide. 
In my hospital (LTAC) we had this guy who during a bar fight whose head came into contact with a brick wall several times. This patient was on a vent, and would never come off it. His chart had the detectives number who we were suppose to call the minute this patient died. Anyways I was just beginning a job as a monitor tech (first time). Anyways when they teach you rhythms they teach you deadly rhythms to look out for. What they didn't teach me, was when this patients HR goes from Sinus tach at 130 (baseline) down to a perfect sinus rhythm in the 70s, that is a event you need to notify the nurses, as it's a huge change. 

I noticed when it happened, and kinda  freaked out but the sinus rhythm was perfect. The RT was the one who went in and noticed something wasn't right. Luckily this guy was a DNR or I would have had some explaning to do. It turned out the monitor was just reading electrical signals, and his heart was no longer beating. 
 
Anyways we called the cops and only then was the charge of assault(or something) was changed to homicide. 

Edit - This guy had been on a vent for probably a year an a half. And they did teach of PEA, but I was just focused on a monitor, and wasn't in direct view of the patient. 

So if you are ever watching someone's heart rhythms on a monitor, be aware of PEA. Pulse Electrical Activity. 
There is no statute of limitations on homicide. John Hinckley, Jr. can still be charged with murder. 
Something similar happened to my brothers father. Him and my uncle were trying to save a girl from getting kidnapped but before they could get out of the car, my uncle was shot in the jaw and my brothers dad (MBD from here on) in the head. They both lived. MBD had to relearn everything from walking to talking to eating. He eventually relearned all of this but unfortunately developed a personal hinderance, along the way. 26 years later my uncle passed away from several strokes and other health conditions and the same year, months later, MBD fell and hit his head and the bullet shifted and killed him. It was ruled a homicide 26 years later. One of the two gunmen was approaching a parole hearing and after the ruling was denied. 

I don't know why I shared that but oh well, it's a little interesting. 

Edit:I'm dumb and on mobile so I fixed some typos
Seems like a dangerous precedent. 
Homicide is defined as the killing of a human being by another human being. It's not always a crime. Murder is the unlawful killing of a human being by another human being with malice aforethought. Manslaughter is defined as the unlawful killing of a human being by another human being without malice aforethought. Different jurisdictions have created distinct classes of both murder and manslaughter crimes which are really just sentencing guidelines that recognize differing levels of criminal culpability. 
Not sure if title is highly misleading or I'm a bit dumb. 
&gt;On August 4, 2014, James Brady died. As Hinckley had critically wounded Brady in 1981, the death was ruled a homicide.[25] Regardless, Hinckley did not face charges as a result of his death.[26]
So by extension...  Say a high school football player gets paralyzed as the result of an in-game tackle.  Once that player dies,  could the tackler be charged with murder,  or does the initial act need to be illegal?  What about a non illegal event with fault (like a car accident)?
Cases like this are routinely used in criminal law exams in law school. If you know this, the felony murder rule, and asportation, you'll make law review. 
If only he hadn't been shot, we wouldn't have to deal with all the bullshit his foundation started.
I am confuse.
It's James Brady gonna have to choke a bitch? 
John Hinckley's family had some very close ties to the George Bush family. One of Hinckley's brothers had dinner with one of George W. Bush's brothers a day before the assassination attempt. 
Hinkley went to my high school.
Fk the brady act. 
I wonder how he felt about making such a big sacrifice for Ronald Reagan.
Til something that happens all the time
Thats the fucking longest DoT I've ever seen.
Relevant Adam Curry and John C. Dvorak clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8HlcHirJVQ
[deleted]
A very, very, very slow death.
And this may be the basis for a scandal episode 
I just watched an old Family guy that made fun of this guy. I had no idea who he was and then boom I see this. 
This shit stoopid as my last piece O' cunt. Stank two.
TIL you didn't watch the news last year.
Oh man, Hinckley is fucked now.
So would the same thing happen with Larry Flynn or when George Wallace died?
Reminds me of the plot of one of the latest Michael Connely's Harry Bosch novel.
What else is the government hiding?
I remember how a lot of gun rights advocates were flipping out over this. Got really political real quick.
Colonel (then General, then Governor of Maine) Joshua Chamberlain (Jeff Bridges in *Gettysburg* and *Gods and Generals*) died in 1914 of complications of a wound suffered 50 years before during the Civil War.  He is considered the last casualty of the conflict.
I remember when it happened. I always thought it an amazing thing that he ended up out living Ronald Reagan after that.
I'll be there in 10 minutes  
Bring that fine ass out here 
Bowl and lighter! 
"Nah"  
Alright bring an appetite  
Cuz we eatin this weed nigga
I'd piss on James Brady's grave if I were in the vicinity.




[Brady Law](https://www.atf.gov/rules-and-regulations/brady-law)



Fuck him and fuck you if your don't understand the fundamental American, and human, rights that this law infringed upon good, honest and upstanding people.


Again, Fuck You James Brady and the pieces of shit who acted in your name.
No sympathy for Hinckley here, but how can it be right to set up a future prosecution for murder, at any time of the state's choice, for the entirety of someone's life? That just goes against my grain. It seems to go crosswise of some fundamental principle, like double-jeopardy or something like that. How might this precedent be used against any one of us at some time in the future? Of course no one cares what happens to Hinckley, but isn't that what makes the rule if law so fragile? If the rules can be reset for him...
people that post "mobile" links, should be shot and die immediately, unlike james brady.
And the guy that pulled the trigger was a family friend of George H.W. Bush.  But I'm sure that's a total coincidence, in a country of 300 million.
If Brady had lived to be 103, would it still be ruled a homicide?  Genuinely curious - is there some cutoff point?  
James brady was also a worthless communist who started a hate group so I mean it's like  klansman being murdered a crime but nothing too serious.
Good on you for not mentioning the shooter by name and instead focusing on Brady and the famous incident.
This is because everyone was really upset when Hinckley got the insanity defense (it's been changed since then so that he would no longer qualify) and they want to do whatever they can to keep him behind bars. Charging him with another murder helps. 
This gets reposted every week I swear to god
And Reagan was surrounded by at least four or five men carrying guns. How'd that argument for carrying work out for Brady? 
Poor guy. That really fucked him up.
And [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ziq3h/til_former_us_press_secretary_james_brady_one_of/) my last post is this exact same TIL but posted 8 months earlier. Been on reddit long enough to expect this but it still somehow surprises me how these things work. Ah well. Have an upvote.
I thought that if a person lived for over a year after you injured them it was not able to be considered a homicide anymore.... then again liberals are liberal
&gt;After nearly being killed and becoming permanently disabled as a result of the attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan in 1981, Brady became an ardent supporter of gun control.

Typical Republican. 
[deleted]
[Accompanying song.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vpc2pU1Ms0s)
I've actually had the unfortunate luck to have a run in with both this little cunt of a plant as well as one of our fine nation's cuntiest marine animals; the irukandji. 

I got a very light brush from the gympie gympie on my wrist and yes; it was fucking painful. If you managed to wipe your ass with them and had access to a firearm I'm pretty sure you'd use it. 
That pain lasted for a couple of weeks and the area of skin that got exposed to the plant couldn't have been much bigger than a centimeter square (I had long sleeves and gloves on). I never got any recurring pain after it subsided but there is still a numbness on my wrist. 

The little Jellycunt though... I didn't need to think about killing myself because I was almost certain I was going to die anyway. Luckily that only lasted a few days and I honestly don't remember too much of it other than the pain was almost matched by the fear that my heart was going to explode. No lasting damage from that one as far as I can tell but I'm sure it took a few years off my life just from the stress my body went through. 

I've traveled all over the world and done plenty of dangerous shit but the two most painful experiences of my life were delivered by a fucking leaf and an animal with no brain, that's smaller than my thumb. Fucking. Lame. 
Here's some video from NatGeo of a nature show host actually touching the plant: http://www.ebaumsworld.com/video/watch/81008069/
I can see it now

**#GympieGympieChallenge**
&gt; the Gympie-Gympie stinging tree can cause months of excruciating pain for unsuspecting humans.

&gt; The Gympie Gympie is an Australian plant


Months of having your asshole feel like its being electrocuted and bathed in hot acid sounds like as good as any reason to shoot yourself. 


And, *of course it's from Australia*.

&gt;Most of the known cures for a Gympie-Gympie sting are rather rudimentary. Analgesics are usually prescribed for minor exposures to the plant. An innovative local remedy involves sticking a plaster or a hair waxing strip in order to rip all the toxic hairs away from the skin!

Get a bikini wax and be cured, I can see a business model here.
[let's never forget how this looks](http://i.imgur.com/Y0qpXTC.jpg)
Perfect theft deterrent and thief identifier as hedges under the windows. 
This is nuts. Not the same plant but my mom used to slap my hand with this plant that grows in Ecuador, hortiga, I think that's the name. And it would itch and hurt like crazy for a good while. Man was I good after that.. 
this or the [bullet ant glove](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwvIFO9srUw)?


. . . I have an idea for a prank.
(from my previous post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1vrkyn/til_that_theres_a_stinging_tree_called_the_gympie/cevdn8h) This isn't a threefiddy story)
I can speak first hand about being stung by one of these in North Queensland. I was out hunting pigs and grabbed one about 8km from home. Approximately here

It was a hot afternoon, about 40C (104F) and the sweat was dripping from every part of my body. I'd just finished hunting with my brothers dog "Sook" a 40kg good-tempered bull-arab who really wasn't suited for jungle conditions.

A group of pigs had been through the area within hours and I had given up. It was 5PM and I was losing light quickly, I had decided to take a shorter route home through an area that I hadn't been before. It had rained only hours earlier so everything was slippery and small creeks were beginning to flow.

The large bull arab was easily distracted and would often stay behind for a minute or so investigating some smell or another, catching up by following my the stink of my body through the tropical heat. 

He, much like myself realize that this section of the forest is getting thicker and decides to stick together, he catches up.

In the process of catching up, he trots past me and looks up at me with his usual dopey smile, looking for approval. Not looking forward he runs into what you reddits know as "Gympie Gympie", A bellowing yelp is let out from his throat, thoughts of snake, echidna (EDIT) or spider cross my mind. I didn't want to be carrying a over-sized pain-angry dog another 8km home.
The canines scream is immediately followed by his hasty retreat, he knocks the legs out from beneath me, and of course I fall in slow motion towards the stinging nettle. In my genius i see it coming and reach out to prevent my face from hitting the tree, ground and root system I see exposed. I reach out, wanting to find purchase. SUCCESS ! My hand finds grip on the stem of the plant, however it is simply not strong enough to resist gravity's hold on my body.
I continue my descent into the plant. My exposed arms and neck hit the plant first, I can't quite remember which, the pain was unbearable. I bit my tongue in shock as i madly scrambled to retreat away from this pain. I'll do my best to explain it.

The first wave of pain that hits you is purely shock. I felt like a wave of electric pain rolling over your body, emanating from the points where you were unfortunate enough to have touched the plant. Of course one tries to control their body, but the muscle contraction along with confusion of your brain means your efforts are mostly fruitless. It was at this time that I bit my tongue, I'm gasping for air as my stomach had contracted and force air out of the lungs, so of course the most obvious thing to do is open your mouth for more air. My throat felt like it was closing up around me. I also attempted to scream, but my half blocked airways made it more sound like the last of the air leaving a spare tire.

This to me felt worse than an electric fence, any country boy knows what an electric fence feels like, good boot up the arse and you're sore for a bit afterwards. You've either pissed on it or grabbed it accidentally or had a mate grab you and the fence for a good laugh. This was worse. This was my own nerve system reacting against me. Maybe it was because i was continuously touching it, maybe my memory makes it worse than it really was, but I have very clear memory of the previous paragraph.

The second wave hits, a little gentler but it builds to fucking insanity. The plant hurts you by leaving behind thin hairs embedded in your skin. I knelt to stand from my position and like an idiot, put my open hand to cover the area where it had hurt. Not such a good idea, now the palms of my hands were unbearable. The little hairs that had not made their way into my fore-arms were now embedded in my hands, they burned.. they burned. oh they burned.

It was at this point I involuntarily wept. Not like a sad movie, or the thought of your favorite sad show ending. Man tears, man ' that blind you to the point where you can't see' tears. I blink them away horrifically and notice that now blood is leaving my mouth. I can't touch anything with my open hands, and I'm in pain, just awesome. The burning sensation was akin to having your skin sunburned, removed and then set on fire for good measure.

Too much pain to stand, I wanted to vomit, I hadn't eaten for a few hours. I figure the solution was to get as quickly as possible to water, surely water would help right ? I've heard of people saying that shaving and waxing was the only solution but anything.. anything had to be better than this.

The rain had made many small gully temporarily change into slow-flowing creeks. I do my best to strip my clothes off, fuck the leaches in the water. I lay down in the small stream attempting to get any comfort I could find. After what seemed to be about 30 minutes and about 90 leaches heavier, I emerge from the water and begin my journey home. I find the dog further downstream, he had ended up doing the same, sitting with his lower half in the water and looking at me like it was my fault he was in pain.

I put my gear on , and call the dog ahead. I stumble zombie like from the pain, not wanting to brush the effected body part against another, for the remaining distance home. I am lucky that I didn't have a gun at that point, as I'm not sure if I would have shot the dog for tripping me into this devil plant, then followed through with topping myself.

My mother drinking tea on Veranda sees me staggering home, and thinks the worst, assuming that I'd stabbed myself, or been shot by someone, the blood dripping from my mouth didn't help convince her otherwise. She too has been stung from the nettle, when tending the garden years earlier, so she has a good idea of my pain.

I was made to visit a doctor later that afternoon coaxed with as much panadol as I could swallow. The doctor tells me that it "turns out you're allergic to the plant", really doctor, no kidding. A few sessions of waxing, shaving, more waxing later, I could still feel the pain when i showered for months later. I won't forget it, I won't forgive it.

The upside is that I now have a better tolerance of pain. I never want to run into natures chemical weapon ever again.

**TLDR; Fuck that plant, fuck it. I moved to the city of Brisbane**
The ball is in your court Steve-O. 
From down under, wipe your down under, and put yourself down under. Goddamn.
&gt; A man was reported to have shot himself after using the leaves as toilet paper.


What in the actual fuck?
Wow, no wonder they used to send convicts to Australia. Even if they managed to escape, they had to deal with shit like this.
Someone will probably do a Gympie-Gympie challenge and put it up on youtube.  
[This bad little motherfucker eats it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red-legged_pademelon)
Fucking Australia.

I bet this is some ancient torturing method
&gt; The Gympie Gympie is an Australian plant

Of course it fucking is.
I've never believed the toilet paper legend. You'd actually have to grab hold of the bastard leaves first, and even with heavy gloves, the chance of getting it to your arse without first encountering the *BLINDING STAGGERING EXCRUCIATING FUCKING PAIN* elsewhere is pretty much nil.

BTW: yes. I've bumped one of these fuckers. Once. Just once.
Absolutely amazing...it appears everything in Australia wants to kill you.
Put...Put your dick on it
What if you brewed some Gympie-Gympie tea? 
Still not as painful as actually having to live in Gympie.
Well, this sure sounds like a prank that could go horribly wrong waiting to happen.
That guy must have been pretty butthurt
Can confirm hurts like fuckery. I wouldn't go so far as to say it's worth shooting yourself over, but then again, I didn't use it to wipe my bindi.

Source: Grew up outside of Cairns.
All these comments and no one is asking how animals commit suicide.
So besides causing excruciating pain, is this toxin harmful in any other way? Will it kill you from its own effects besides the urge to kill yourself? If not it sounds like we have a perfect spice agony compound, at the very least a gom jabbar if it could be controlled. 

I shall not fear... 
I've been stung by this plant plenty of times.  It hurts, but don't believe the hype.  

FYI:  Gympie is also referred to as Helltown locally.
http://www.gympietimes.com.au/news/helltown-author-on-trial-on-indecent-treatment-cha/2263245/

source:  Gympie (Helltown) native
Make them into gloves and fill them with bullet ants.
"When rubbing Gympie Gympie on people in public goes wrong! [PRANK]" It's just a prank, bro! Don't forget to like 'n subscribe!
The name alone tells me it's from Oz. 
It is the most toxic of the Australian species of stinging trees.

Of course it's is from (among two other Countries) indigenous to Australia. 
aw man this store-brand Steve Irwin just makes me sad for the real thing
If any redditors live in northeastern Australia I would like to commi$$ion you to gather a few seeds of this plant for me. It would make a nice addition to my 'poison garden'.

Ive been having an extremely difficult time acquiring this plant, the only seller online sells young seedlings which would never make it through biosecurity here.

I have a USDA license to import seed, and this plant is not species of concern here, so get at me yo!!
Paging /u/poem_for_your_sprog
Huge surprise for Reddit another organism in Australia trying to kill you! Only this one makes you kill yourself!
Man has no toilet paper, has gun and ammo to commit suicide. Classic 
I'm 
I was careful not to touch the leaves as I swiped on my mobile. 
I don't know why I had to confirm if this was from Australia.  *Of course* it is.
Coincidentally there is a town called Gympie that has the same effect on people.

Whats the Australian version of a redneck?
[Experience Gympie](http://www.couriermail.com.au/news/queensland/teen-accused-of-stabbing-male-in-street-fight/story-fnihsrf2-1227296497455)

Indonesia needs to landscape their [alligator moat](/r/worldnews/comments/3s969n/indonesia_is_planning_to_build_a_prison_island/) with gympie-gympie hedges.  Any escapees will *voluntarily* jump into the water.
Do you ever get the feeling that humans weren't meant to live on earth 
&gt;The Gympie Gympie is an Australian plant 


Of*fucking*course it would be 
I wonder if we could harvest the hair and make a suspension in a gas and spray it so people would breathe it in. I'd imagine that it would be difficult to detect with chemical sensors and would cause excruciating pain. 
Damm nature you scary.
I...I want to touch it.
Of course it's in fucking Australia. 
Hi, I'm Johnny Knoxville, and I'm going to wipe my ass with these leaves....welcome to JackAsssssssssssOhhhhFuckingGodWhattheFuck!!!KILL ME!
Native to Australia, why am I not surprised?

Even the plants want to kill you there.
Fuckin' Australia, why is that place full of hateful shit?
*The Gympie Gympie is an* **Australian** *plant...*

/thread
Of course it's in Australia...between that and the giant spiders I'm pretty sure I'll keep my butt over in this part of the globe. 
That's some hunger games type shit

'STRAYA!

And even better.....

QUEENSLANDER!
Plant that tries to kill you?

Gympie-Gympie?

Has to be Australia
[deleted]
the next new boy to man passage initiation ritual

like the bullet ant glove:

https://whyevolutionistrue.wordpress.com/2014/08/06/the-worst-pain-known-to-humans-the-bullet-ant-gloves-of-brazil/


Of course it's from fucking Australia, why was i not surprised.
Yep, grabbed one of these with my left hand climbing up a hill near Maleny, QLD (just up from Gardener's Falls ;). Had no idea what I had grabbed, then one of the peoples I was with, who lived locally, said 'Oh, yeah you grabbed a 'Wait a While', that's gonna keep hurting real bad for the next few weeks'. Yeah it did, right along this thin strip where my hand had made contact with the stem of the plant as I grabbed it. I thought my mate was talking shit about it hurting for weeks, but a few hours into it, I knew I was fucked. Rode it out, still remember it like it was yesterday (this was 20 years ago) 10/10 would not do again.  
Every time I see a post like this I just think of this song:

http://youtu.be/eNEeq5qGh8I
My initial reaction was: Can i import it and expose it to my enemies?

I don't have any enemies. But it's good to be prepared.
This is a painful bitch. 

Source: Experience. 
I literally just listened to this fact on QI not even an hour ago...weird.
dude, i just kneeew -without even reading- that fuckin plant was native to Australia.
Like my 5th time seeing this on here
Yeah, great. Australia of course.  The butt wiping thing is both horrible and funny.  Just... fucking ouch.
Plant these around your garden for defensive/offensive purposes. 
Of course Australia

Is it illegal to send leaves in the mail
Is this the plant that drop bears use as a weapon?
Lots of trouble to be had when the oil hits the anus.
Does it live in Australia too ?
Because Australia.
How did I know this plant would be from Australia?

&gt;An innovative local remedy involves sticking a plaster or a hair waxing strip in order to rip all the toxic hairs away from the skin

...try this on your o-ring...ouch !!!
Does it live in Australia too ?
TIL; To just stay the fuck inside. 
*CIA takes notes*
Putin likes this news. It will be cheaper than thorium.
I was untrigued until I got to the "Australian plant" part. Wasn't surprised at all after that.
Perfect alternative to jail for rapists and murderers... 
[Dendrocnide moroides (common name: Gympie gympie)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dendrocnide_moroides)

&gt; Moroidin, a bicyclic octapeptide containing an unusual C-N linkage between tryptophan and histidine, was first isolated from the leaves and stalks of Dendrocnide moroides, and subsequently shown to be the principal compound responsible for the long duration of the stings

&gt; The recommended treatment for skin exposure to the hairs is applying diluted hydrochloric acid (1:10) and pulling them out with a hair removal strip.

[Second source](http://therovingapothecary.blogspot.com/2012/11/a-curious-australian-plant-gympie-gympie.html)
of course it would grow in Australia 
Can confirm. 
When I was 17 my friends and I were in cairns doing an off trail hike that we probably shouldn't have been doing and I walked right through this plant, entire legs got covered in their barb thingis. It was so bad I wanted to die just to escape the insane amount of pain. 
I've broken bones, I've had painful surgeries, etc... Nothing compares to this plant. 
Of course it's in Australia.
Oh, what a shocker.. it's found in Australia.
If you can remove all of the hairs from the fruit without killing yourself, the fruit is edible.     
Before I watch, in guessing Australia?
Australian from the northern rainforested region here - like everything in this country it's not *that* bad unless you're stupid and/or don't know what to look for. Getting the hairs out usually involves lots alcohol+weed and then applying and removing a lot of duct tape or similar to rip the stinging barbs out. On a remote hike I wandered into a literal forest of it - those small bushes will grow into trees 4 meters high or more - with beautiful tempting purple berries dangling all around. When there's that much of it the little stinging hairs float on the breeze and you'll get odd pinpoints of pain on your body without actually touching the plant. Inhilation in that situation is a real concern. I have a Canadian friend who likes to slap a leaf with his knuckle everytime he sees one.. fucking Canadians.

Back in high school on my senior camping/hike/trip thing a girl in my class squatted on a small plant while peeing (and then stuck her hand in it as well as an instant and unconcious reaction). She was choppered out.
located in Australia, yet another reason for me not to visit that country
Well, this sure sounds like a prank that could go horribly wrong waiting to happen.
As someone who lives in the region these are native to, there is a local traditional remedy for stings from these plants. There are some plants (in particular, a red stemmed fern from memory) that produce a latex like sap, if you get stung by one, and find the right plant, you can drop the sap on your skin and it forms a latex like "wax strip" which binds to the plant hairs in your skin (as well as your actual hairs) and when pulled off extracts the stinging plants hairs (as well as some of your own).

An actual hospital treatment is to use wax hair removal techniques.

No, I have never touched one, though I have seen countless numbers of them in my life. I'm actually more terrified of the [wait'a'while](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calamus_australis) having run through the bush and being caught in one as a kid, then spending a couple of hours having all the thorns carefully removed one by one.
this reinforces my belief- everything in Australia can kill you!

[I'm just going to talk in a very positive manner, giving off good vibes. We're just here to use the bathroom, and we're just going to leave. I hope that's okay.] (http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jhmEo-46vUQ)
It's in Australia. Should have known.
Somebody please make the Happening 2 with this plant as the bad guy.
They say that the best revenge is living well. 

But rubbing those leaves on your enemy would be a close second. 
Yet another reason to never go to Australia. 
Hah!  I guessed Australia before opening the article!
Or you know, just dont touch it?
Brushed against one once while bush walking, over the top of my left foot. Painful, but not suicide worthy, though admittedly not my asshole. Hurt under the shower for around a year after, was really sensitive to hot and cold. Also have a vague scar from it that kinda looks like pigmentation and this was 20 years ago
Oh, sounds like the time my doctor injected me with 10mgs of nubain for breakthrough pain, knowing I had methadone in my system, sending me into 9 hours of precipitated withdrawal.  Worst, most painful, terrifying, horrible experience of my life, and the title of OP's post describes it well. Just add hallucinations and screaming and losing consciousness.  I shall never touch those damn plants.
My dad literally had one of these in his living room when he was a kid.
[The fruit is edible if the stinging hairs that cover it are removed.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dendrocnide_moroides)

I'm gonna pass on that.
This is why burning things with fire was invented. 
I thought it was a myth that someone committed suicide over this plant.
Its an Australian plant i always wanted to go to Australia but I just changed my mind now
Of course it's Australian. 
&gt;The recommended treatment for skin exposure to the hairs is applying diluted hydrochloric acid

god damn
Why does Australia have so many dangerous plants and animals? 
That sounds horrible.  Reminds me of this plant called the giant hogweed, aparantly there are some not that far from here now. You touch it, and you go blind.  Freaking scary stuff. 
Anyone else think he was going to pee on his hand when he unzipped the jumpsuit? Hey, it works for jellyfish...
Australia, you scary. I think [Karl Pilkington said it best](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kbUd0iCFvjc)
Such a common repost, how on Earth it keeps getting thousands of upvotes each time, I still don't understand. It's insane.

[previous TIL of the Gympie Gympie](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=gympie+gympie+subreddit%3Atodayilearned&amp;restrict_sr=&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all)
There I was wondering what to send my mother in law for Christmas this year...
Imagine mistakeningly using that as toilet paper 
If it makes you throw up from the pain from just brushing it, how the fuck did some guy wipe his ass with it, by using special gloves? I'm calling shenanigans.
I wanna touch it
One day our loving God thought "Im gonna make a plant that is so painful it makes people kill themselves." Because love. Amen. 
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3sf99d?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Icy Hot on Balls funniest reaction!!!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=v2PXkTSCd3M)|[53](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sf99d/_/cwwzvga?context=10#cwwzvga) - Reminds me of icy hot on balls.  
[Could You Pass the Bullet Ant Test?](https://youtube.com/watch?v=XwvIFO9srUw)|[48](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sf99d/_/cwwv40w?context=10#cwwv40w) - this or the bullet ant glove? 
[They Taste Like](https://youtube.com/watch?v=z0kVbXvId3A)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sf99d/_/cwx60fm?context=10#cwx60fm) - I eated the purple berries 
[Karl Pilkington on Australia](https://youtube.com/watch?v=kbUd0iCFvjc)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sf99d/_/cwx8lnt?context=10#cwx8lnt) - Australia, you scary. I think Karl Pilkington said it best 
[mark wahlberg talks to a tree](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jhmEo-46vUQ)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sf99d/_/cwx5zq1?context=10#cwx5zq1) - I&amp;#39;m just going to talk in a very positive manner, giving off good vibes. We&amp;#39;re just here to use the bathroom, and we&amp;#39;re just going to leave. I hope that&amp;#39;s okay. 
[Revenge of the Nerds - Liquid Heat scene](https://youtube.com/watch?v=2x3TkKmBSDs)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sf99d/_/cwx75v7?context=10#cwx75v7) - Amature. Real men use Liquid Heat. 
[Salad Fingers 3: Nettles](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ojoICRzSCOo)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sf99d/_/cwx2g8c?context=10#cwx2g8c) - Hello. Today I&amp;#39;ve been enjoying the pleasures of nettles. 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Now I want to know where I can get some.
This is the plant you mix in a blender and give to your worst enemy after there's nothing else that can be done.
This plant grows in the region where I grew up. 
You can actually touch the plant softly without being injected with the toxic bristles..
As far as the guy shooting himself, I think thats a tad far-fetched...the last time I heard that story (12+ years ago) was from my stepdad who was a tour guide and apparently the guy in the story was just in a lot of pain and rushed to hospital where he had to wait for the bristles to be naturally ejected from his..rectal area..because apparently they're too small and clear to use tweezers for.

I guess he was too much of a blokey-bloke to use that feminine waxing nonsense.
I can't be the only one that's wants to be strapped down and have someone touch me with this, just to experience it. What's the most painful thing a human can endure?
I always picture it as the guy who got set on fire in Fury
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pm9_e-ony3s
relevant 
you can't buy it anywhere though. i was wanting to use it around my moat at my secret lair complex, but searches found nothing
You could stay in the water to avoid it, but then you'd have to deal with these guys: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irukandji_jellyfish
Of COURSE it's from Australia.
Australia: not even once 
There was a handful of leaves with one of these days.
Of course it's Australian.
wow what a terrible plant. we should find all of this plant and kill it. i have never thought that i would want to hurt a plant before but i think this one deserves to die forever.
How important is this to the ecosystem? If we set it all on fire, is the planet going to miss it?
If I ever touch this plant someone kill me pls
Just think what would happen if you brewed some Gympie-Gympie tea?
Australian here. Saw this heading and immediately wondered if it was from here...typical.
Imagine that and the bullet ant on the same spot. 
TIL fuck Australia 
/r/natureismetal 
was he wearing gloves when he picked them to wipe his butt or something...?
From the sound of thing I think I would ask to be put in a chemically induced coma till it wore off
Wait how does the plant know to release the toxins or are the hairs very sensitive that the tip breaks on skin contact and poison releases 
So he shot himself after he shat himself?
From Australia, why am I not surprised. 
Really curious how an animal would commit suicide now.
Look at that fucking thing! Why would someone wipe their ass with that.
I wonder what purpose it evolved for. I mean, why would a plant do this?
I touched this plant as a kid. My family was doing a forest walk and I picked a leaf of a tree and hit my brother with it. 

Yeah.

My fingers were stinging like crazy, but his arm was insanely red. 

I'm a horrible brother :(
They should use this on criminals and terrorists.  

Tie them down and just drag them through 3 of those plants. 
Who else read "singing plant?"
Am I evil? I immediately imagined a torture room for this. The person would have to reach through a bushel of these leaves every night to grab their delicious dinner. 

Agony, or burger-gasm? 
Fucking Australia.
If you wiped it on your dick, would you die from the pain or would the overload of 'pain' cause you to orgasm? 
Welp, time to get the flamethrower.
What happens when you try burning those leaves? Does it become the fuming fume of death or something? 
All those Australian suicides could have been prevented if only they had to deal with shit like this.
"the Gympie Gympie is an Australian plant" all I had to read
Can anyone tell me why it's called Gympie Gympie. Is is from Gympie? I know in Aboriginal terms a term mentioned twice means two, but is there anything else to it. And I don't want to be an asshole but who's going to make redneck Gympie jokes first?


Australia 
I love how the description and warning on the picture of the plant within the article is written in comic sans, masquerading the importance that you avoid it.
Any botanists want to tell me why we can't just wipe this plant off the face of the Earth?
Not as bad as Gympie Gympie, but still pretty nasty to accidentally stumble onto, especially during a bright, sunny day.....

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heracleum_mantegazzianum#Phototoxicity

Giant Hogsweed.
I can almost relate, I used alcohol wipes to clean up after taking a crap in the woods once. DON'T EVER DO THIS.
YT video ["Most Painful Plant"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pm9_e-ony3s)  

* Diluted hydrochloric acid is used to treat the skin
* The plant's hairs can continue to release neutoxins for up to a year is left embedded in the skin
Better not aim for the bushes :o
Someone actually had these plants for sale on ebay:  http://www.ebay.com/itm/Dendrocnide-moroides-Most-dangerous-plant-world-Australia-nettle-gympie-gympie-/231011802100?nma=true&amp;si=JMQxH4t04eNR2OXEnQS%252FLJOWsxk%253D&amp;orig_cvip=true&amp;rt=nc&amp;_trksid=p2047675.l2557
OP watches QI
Does any one get the impression that when God created the world he let Jesus' spazzy 12 year old brother create Australia.
I hope L.A. Beast does something with this leaf. I'd watch the shit out of that. 
I read this to my mom, and her response was "Why didn't he just put some milk on it?" I don't think she understands the difference between a super powerful toxin and capsaicin.
Anyone find where to buy some plants? I have some kids walking through my yard that need a proper lesson in respect.
Of course its in Australia.
Seriously, Australia, it's not even funny anymore!  Why are there so many deadly things in your country?
Australia. Checks out.
So of *course* it's Australian.
So, like listening to Hillary (!) then....
Now to put them in a bag and slap a label on them that says organic and drop it off at a Whole Foods.
ah, Tully... worst two weeks of my military career so far... one of the worst plants ive ever had the pleasure of meeting.
Things like this should be extincted. 
Pretty sure you don't feel "electrocuted"  elctrocuted = death by electricity. 
No one knows what it feels like to be electrocuted.
Really? I didn't know that! /s

http://i.imgur.com/XbGJbHj.png
Even when the leaves are dead they are just as painful, I had a dead leaf flick onto my foot as a young fella and the pain was incredible.
Are there any pain tolerance records out there? I would like to compete.
it is better not to share this info and this might become  a deadly weapon
If you swallow it, there is a plant that usually grows in the nettle family, as it were. let's never forget how this looks like I am actually terrified that I'll step on a stonefish one of the aforementioned leaves among them, but his hand when he started unzipping.
[deleted]
Sounds a lot like the shit I took at 3:30AM today.  Fucker lasted an hour, and felt like I was shitting lava bricks while an alien was busy trying to claw its way through my intestines.  Needless to say, the first half of my day consisted of beating off then promptly taking a nap.
Yet even you didn't say his name. 
&gt; In an effort to reach a wider audience, Galton worked on a novel entitled *Kantsaywhere* from May until December 1910. The novel described a utopia organised by a eugenic religion, designed to breed fitter and smarter humans. His unpublished notebooks show that this was an expansion of material he had been composing since at least 1901. He offered it to Methuen for publication, but they showed little enthusiasm. Galton wrote to his niece that it should be either "smothered or superseded". His niece appears to have burnt most of the novel, offended by the love scenes, but large fragments survived.

Sounds like he wasn't as good a writer as a scientist, and even worse at naming books.
Hey Charles, Charles. It's your cousin, Marvin. Marvin Darwin! You know that new scientific breakthrough you've been looking for? Well listen to this!
"Invented Meteorology" I guess Bjerkness was just some jackoff. 
Poor Charles Darwin. Even with all his fame and accomplishments, he never really felt like he could escape the long shadow cast by Mycroft Darwin's vastly superior intellect.
Really? He invented the concept of "nature vs nurture"?

You mean to tell me literally no one else in history had wondered whether some traits are acquired or innate?
This is a terrible TIL - as others have pointed out, meteorology pre-dates this dude by a lot. 

The nature versus nurture debate goes back centuries; the modern philosophical basis is older than John Locke and Thomas Hobbes. Hobbes died in 1679. Darwin's cousin died in 1911.

Charles: "Mother! I just got back from my trip on the HMS Beagle! I discovered the theory of evolution and how animals change over time!"

Mother: "That's nice, while you were doing that, your brother invented literally everything else."

Charlses: "..."

Mother: "He also has a girlfriend"
Tangential: is IQ meaningful at levels like 200?  It's statistical with a mean of 100 and a standard deviation of 15.  That means he was SEVEN standard deviations above the mean - approximately 1 in 10^15 people have an IQ this high!

Edit: it's been pointed out to me and it's in the article that they were using an old definition of IQ which is not statistical in nature and so it IS meaningful.
"estimated IQ"

Lol. An estimate as reliable as Volkswagen's fuel economy ratings. 
'invented mathematical correlation'. What on earth are you smoking?
The concept of eugenics was invented by Plato fuck outta here
Darwin was in Chile during one of it's massive earthquakes. He may very well have made the first recorded geological observation, decades before the scientific field was developed.

He noted that either the water had unlikely sunk several feet or the land mass had risen several feet. It was hard to miss, there were dead stinking mollusks drying out in the air.

http://www.geo.cornell.edu/geology/faculty/RWA/research/current_research/chile-m-88-earthquake-page/darwins-description-of-the-.html

Anyway, *suck it Biology! What you know 'bout subduction?*

edit: be made a hypothesis from the observation? 

editidet: u/zebrqzabrezebra "&amp;gt; He may very well have made the first recorded geological observation

Actually, he'd been trained by Lyell and Sedgwick, both well-established geologists."


I'm afraid that I gotta disagree with a lot of this. Meteorology and the whole nature vs. nurture debate where all far before this man. And I'd be hesitant to say that he came up with the ideas of correlation and eugenics. He may have had a big hand in their development, but those ideas have been around in some form or another for quite some time. 


Also, can TIL tone down a little on all of the wikipedia articles? Why not try pulling out a source that can't be edited so easily?
Nature vs nurture is the just another phrase for historical debate between rationalism (we are born with some sort of innate knowledge) and empiricism (born with blank slate- all knowledge comes from experience) and that goes back to at least John Locke and some would probably just frame it roughly as Platonism vs Aristotelianism. I see others have mentioned this, but thought I'd add a thing about the jargon.
He was a terrible person who initiated the eugenics movement, ostracizing people with disabilities. He attempted to use Darwin's concept of survival of the fittest as his rationale, despite Darwin denouncing all of his cousin's claims
ITT: People supporting eugenics.

But this is reddit, so that is not new.
Somebody get that man a Darwin Award.
The Darwin family was quite impressive. Charles Darwin's grandson named Charles Galton Darwin (note the middle name as well) was a major contributor to x-ray diffraction. Charle's son and C. G. Darwin's father George was an accomplished mathematician and astronomer.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Galton_Darwin
&gt;His quest for the scientific principles of diverse phenomena extended even to the optimal method for making tea

A true Brit.
Today I hope some people learn that the IQ test was originally designed to screen for learning disabilities, not as a yardstick for exceptional intelligence, and that a high IQ does not reliably lead to more success in life, financial, academic, or otherwise.
No one invented mathematical correlation.
His name? Albert einstein
All those things he did yet he couldn't knock up his wife after 43 years of marriage 
Eugenics really is only for the short sighted. People that want tangible change their life time, but don't have the intellect to know that only time and environmental factors can choose what is a desirable human being or trait. 

As for people with disability's and disease, in the grand scheme of things, their chances of passing on those genes for 10-15 generations is only possible if the genetic malfunction becomes recessive. Who knows what may be desirable from a evolutionary standpoint in 2000 years. 

  Assuming that the ability to memorize and and regurgitate university knowledge verbatim is a yard stick for success in today's society, like lawyers and businessmen and these would be the people choosing who is selected is scary as hell. If you follow that logic for eugenics we may end up with a world of Ben Carsons. 

Also in a catastrophic event, some redneck who cant read but has excellent survival and wilderness skills, may be the best possible human genetically. Its asinine to try and assume anyone knows, what a "perfect" human is. Nature has the perfect system of eugenics already, its called evolution, and despite our best efforts with medicine and healthcare we are not superseding it to any tangible degree. The ideal human is different depending on the ever changing circumstances of our lives and environment.

 Always remember,  that idiot at burger king who can never get your order right? A billion generations of his ancestors managed to survive and reproduce in a unbroken chain over billions of years, to produce that gem of a human, so cut him some slack his very existence is nothing short of a miracle.
Because the existence of poor people usually makes one forget the importance of the fittest as his rationale, despite Darwin denouncing all of you.
Darwin was in Chile during one of my favorite comments of all time.
overacheiver.
What went on in that family?
yay! eugenics! 
Thomas Malthus is realy the inventor of the eugenism.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Robert_Malthus
I learned about both of these people in the same class, but not that they were cousins.
Way more important than Charles
And he lived for a pretty long time..
Granddaddy was there first with the large brain pan.  Erasmus Darwin.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erasmus_Darwin
Hmm I guess intelligence grows on family trees
Damn that whole family sounds like a powerhouse 
Well their last name wasn't darlose. 
Come on OP. Francis Galton did not INVENT meteorology.
He looks like Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory does he not?
IQs are like power levels... Total bullshit.
I bet that guy was a dick a family gatherings
How can you even remotely estimate an IQ..?
Of all of those inventions, why is the DOG WHISTLE listed first? dog whistle&gt; forensic fingerprinting 
He invented the concept of Eugenics? I didn't realize he was alive 3000 years ago. That's quite impressive. 
Damn. No wonder he married his cousin. heh
Clearly a time traveler.
That appositive phrase is SOO misplaced
Himself an excellent example of how genius can run in the family. 
So his wife? 
That is lame.
Thomas Malthus is realy the inventor of the fittest as his rationale, despite Darwin denouncing all of you.
Sure, but iq does exist and have a word with you.
Wow somebody give him a Nobel for theorizing eugenics (aka what hitler tried to accomplish) 
http://i.imgur.com/RwuLRi3.jpg
What is the accuracy of an estimated IQ? What is the meaning of an IQ over 6 standard deviations above the norm?
You wouldn't want people to say your name either if you were named Penistitty Darwin
We learned all about Francis Galton at Uni. He (somewhat controversially) is accreddited with being the forefather of biology at University College London. Definitely a big deal to us at least.
Galton should have told Darwin that marrying and reproducing with first cousins not very good for I.Q.
Somebody get that man a Darwin Award.
Sounds like he wasn't as good as Pliny.
Genius runs in the family then.
So this is the asshat we have to thank for eugenics?  Way to go, Penistitty.  
No one solves murders with fingerprints like Galton There is something very, very wrong with it.
You can't invent concepts and ideas. Mathematical correlation was always a thing. 
ITT: eugenics supporters

How about we kill you off?
The irony is that in any other family, he would have been the famous one.  How the merely brilliant can be eclipsed by genius.
IQ of 200. Lol. 
Francis Galton looks a bit like Joaquin Phoenix (pre-... Whatever the fuck.)
He looks like Liev Schreiber.
Mycroft Darwin.
Saying that a measure of certain characteristics.
One smart fucker
So in other words came up with a lot more useful stuff than Darwin 
Edit-not the eugenics shit of course 
Not to forget the Quincunx! http://www.mathsisfun.com/data/quincunx.html
Who is John Galt?
Also came up with the optimal way to cut a tea cake and also Wisdom of the Crowds. 
Francis used to make fun of poor old one-theory Chuck. 
Meteorology has been around a lot longer than this
Das raycis
Another disgusting contribution from a cis-male white scumbag. 
How did he miss evolution then?
Calvin* A scene from Back to the world before Nazis.
Runs in the family huh?
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/badphilosophy] [I wish there was a badeverything to post this on, but I guess you fucks will have to suffice.](https://np.reddit.com/r/badphilosophy/comments/3um0ms/i_wish_there_was_a_badeverything_to_post_this_on/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I've never heard a dog whistle...
misguided scientific theory
It's almost like it

*puts on sunglasses*

Runs in the family.
There's a great candidate for BLB meme. Someone make it.
Galton
It would suck to be related to them, nothing you'd do would be impressive.
None of those things are "controversial"/step on the toes of religious people, so unfortunately the man associated with them is not as likely to be well-known among the general populace.
Calvin* A scene from Back to the optimal method for making tea A true Brit.
"What have YOU done?"
Anytime I hear a mention of someone's IQ, I immediately become less interested. I just assume there's other subjective bullshit coming with it.
All those things he did yet he couldn't knock up his wife after 43 years of marriage 
I don't know, I think it would be more impressive if his IQ was 20.
I feel like IQs are a joke. I don't care how high it is.  There is a man who has the highest IQ currently who hasn't done shit.  

I feel like we label very accomplished people from the past with high IQs to make ourselves feel better.  
Or its nice being rich and you get an education in that time? :D 
Infanticide was common if the child showed weak tendency's Yes, that's the truth, that the IQ research never fails to replicate.
Inventing eugenics is not something to be proud of lol
All his achievements still don't outshine the discovery of evolution. Talk about living in a relatives shadow. 
He "invented" meteorology, eugenics, and nature vs. nurture.

Yea, that's probably accurate.
Regression is just 1 SD away from science.
He didn't invent eugenics.......
History gets written by the conquerors, and finally interpreted by the victors, pieced together by the head of the processing speed of a mind isn't useful ever.
He didn't many of those, in fact, he owned the patents...learn the difference Fag-Op.
80% of the wikipedia articles?
Misread the beginning of the title as "TIL Charles Darwin's cousin's dog invented the whistle"
So - Charles was just the underachiever in the family - writing what could have been a lot of nonesense, until proven over the next 150 years.
I hope Charles' middle name is ford
What did he do with all the other IQs?
I guess he was Mycroft to Darwin's Holmes. 
Forget about killing Hitler, if I ever get my hands on a time machine I'm blowing this asshole's brains out.
It's no honor to be known as the father of eugenics. More or less the philosophy behind genocide.
200 is the theoretical cap for IQ in adults, how can you have that as an estimate. Unless I guess you are comparing what his IQ back then would be using todays standards but compared to everyone else back then.
"estimated IQ"

Lol. An estimate as reliable as Volkswagen's fuel economy ratings. 
To be fair, all of the founding evolutionists believed in eugenics.  Darwin's full title of his book included "or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life".  They all are racist bigots.
Coming up with eugenics isn't anything to be proud of.
Oh, So he's the useful one,  the other went around vacationing on tropical islands writing science fiction.   
So.. dog whistle "a smaller hole in a whistle", meteorology "something that only with the addition of computer mapping, has become even close to accurate." Finger prints.. "now being pulled as a reliable piece of evidence due to it being 
a Flawed science", mathamatical correlation.. "you don't wanna know", and the rest is Nazi level bullshit or hippie wisdom.. I wouldn't talk about my cousin either
It's almost as if the relationship between personal familial wealth and access to education (and the dissemination of that knowledge) were as heavily correlated in the 19th century as they are today! Still..this chap had far-reaching interests and a commendable appetite for knowledge in many forms.
As a science, eugenics hasn't really caught on.
Charles Darwin's smarter cousin, Mycroft.
Okay, but like half of the things that he discovered or invented have been almost completely discredited. Like forensic fingerprinting and *fucking eugenics*.
Intelligence is a social construct.  IQ tests are invalid measures of such a bullshit idea to begin with.
Know how some dogs are smart breeds, and some aren't? We've done so much in a short amount of time through selective breeding. Once we breed humans, we're going to have some badass geniuses walking the street. you and me? We're fucking mutts.
The eugenics part kind of takes away from it, much like how knowing that other early 20th century figures that we are supposed to admire also supported it. At least it serves as a reminder that purely scientific minds arent neccesarily purely moral minds.
Does anyone else realize "eugenics" is a field of science that both the united states asylum system used(to isolate mentally disabled from the gene pool) and what the Nazis used(to socially "cleanse" Europe) to justify the Holocaust? Its probably best he is not a renowned scientist.
When nothing is invented you'd pretty much have to suck to not invent shit. It's like falling into a barrel of tits and come out sucking your thumb. 
Yeah, but did he discover the optimal way for making tea?
[deleted]
"Charles, Charles, Charles!" :pouts:
And he shall forever be known as (drumroll...........) Charles Darwin's cousin. You know, whatsisface.
Isn't 200 IQ then around = to 120 today?
 Ooooh se **he's** the bastard we can blame for pseudoscience such as eugenics and nature vs nurture.  A lot of the rest of his work is pretty good, but I sware on me mum if I hear one more Psych 101 bitch say it's nature or mostly nurture I'm gonna have a fit.  See also: discontinuous versus continuous development, basically any Freudian concept, Piaget cognitive stages of development, etc.
So your saying he's wicked smaht? 
Eugenics is such a conundrum.

Intellectually, it totally makes sense, and it's how we manage the everyday of agriculture/horticulture. It's how we're able to produce so much food now.

Yet, when we semi-logically apply it to humans, bad things happen. Most people probably don't realise Eugenics were big in the US, and there were some powerful people in favour of it, and some practice of it in the US health/mental health system.

Then Hitler came along, and that was basically that.

http://m.sfgate.com/opinion/article/Eugenics-and-the-Nazis-the-California-2549771.php

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenics_in_the_United_States
If you trust politicians to decide who's worthy of life you're an idiot.  

Plus I doubt this guy actually invented most of this.  People in rich families like to try to take the credit for everything &amp; common ideas.
Yeah, yeah, but who did Mom like best?
Isn't 200 IQ then around = to 120 today?
When are we going to stop pretending like an IQ score means anything? It's far from scientific. And we know it. And yet we use it anyway. 
According to redditors  IQ doesn't meant anything, checkmate Darwins cousin.
&gt;IQ of 200

so an average redditor
Ewww.... eugenics....
He invented eugenics? LOL I hope hes burning in hell
So Darwin was the dumb one, justifying his stupidity by claiming humans evolved from monkeys?
He invented the concept of eugenics? He may have had an IQ of 200 but he clearly wasn't very smart.

I much prefer Charles Darwins grandfather, Josiah Wedgewood. Now there was a man ahead of his time.
It sounds like Mr. and Mrs. Sax were extremely inattentive parents.
[He also apparently died 709 years old...](http://i.imgur.com/ePNZwu9.png)
Clearly there were two time travelers battling it out, one trying to stop the saxophone from being invented, and the other sent back in time to protect the child
Saxputin.
&gt; "In short, Sax had a tragic childhood."

Seven near death experiences, and this is what Wikipedia thinks about them.
You clicked the Google thing too huh
I just imagined the yackety sax music playing while he went through all of hose things. 
"River, do you know why I pulled you over?"
The saxophone was also initially designed as an instrument for military bands wasn't it? 
It's like his purpose in life was to invent the saxophone, and couldn't be killed until he did.  But Sax found out this secret and taunted death for shits and giggles.
Hey, a TIL I can contribute to.  In addition to being a master craftsman and inventor, he was also a virtuosic musician.  When he invented the new bass clarinet (which is the basis of the instrument as we know it today), 

 "Supported and assisted by his father, the youth worked. He created, he perfected instruments and he played them. He was 16 when he went to the Industrial Exposition in Brussels to present flutes and ivory clarinets. At the age of 20, he made an entirely new clarinet, with 24 keys, a work of imagination and a masterpiece of manual work. Then, a new bass clarinet, which incited enthusiasm in Habeneck, the leader of the orchestra at the Paris Opera House, who was passing through Brussels, and who called the other clarinets "barbarian instruments".

Even at that early stage, this creation provoked jealousy in the soloist at the "Great Royal Harmony" in Brussels, who refused to use it because, he said, it had come from "that weedy little pupil, Sax". "Play your clarinet, then" Sax answered, " and I shall play mine." The challenge accepted, Sax triumphed in front of four thousand people. He became a soloist. Works were written for him that, after his departure, were no longer played because they were so difficult!"

He also waited four years to file patents on the saxophone because he challenged his competition (whom had said the saxophone was simply iterative) to make one! Since they couldn't, he said therefore it must be original, so give me my patent. Patent approved.


Relevant post. Happy birthday to him. 
We have Google to thank for this TIL.
I, for one, am thankful for his contribution.
sax to be him
hehe Sulfuric "water" ;-D
Cue epic sax guy.
&gt;  a near-poisoning due to furniture varnish

It's a terrible way to die, but a lovely finish. 
He wouldn't be related to Rasputin, would he?
Some asshole time-traveller really hates Jazz
Ain't got nothing on [This guy](http://www.badassoftheweek.com/lucas.html)
I'm so glad he was able to live and invent the saxophone. Thus giving us [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaoLU6zKaws).
I love the google sponsors. iIts his 201st birthday today.
this is some terminator level shit right here - people who love epic sax guy and people who hate him from the future
OP, you misspelled Saxama.
his rapper name is actually Lil Sax Tha Ghost
TIL that the saxophone is named after someone. 
God was *this close* to preventing Kenny G. 
Sounds like somebody really had the blues.

Was he trying to find some horcruxes or what?
thank god for autosave
Why did he have skin on his teeth? He should have that checked out
and His younger brother's name was Reed.
You forgot to mention the pin, the cobblestone to the head, and the cast iron frying pan.

Someone's gonna have to read that damned biography to see if we're all being trolled here!
He is invincible. 
'course, folks were tougher in them days.
It sounds like maybe he invented a plunger that played music
I've visited his grave in Pere Lachaise -- beautiful little tomb. And as this is the internet and all:
http://www.toddcam.com/montmartre/pages/adolphe-sax.html
everybody survives the fall, that's the landing that gets most
Was a bowl of sulfuric water a typo? Is there a difference from sulfuric acid? 
It is also his (201st)? Birthday!
Seems like nature was trying it's best to prevent the saxophone from being invented.
Weeelll he was the sax man. From the state of Tennessee! 
TIL I want to have a saxtuba!
Sax God.
*Nothing* was going to prevent the invention of the saxophone, thought little Adolphe.
Did he really drink out of a bowl. I don't want to read the article, but a bowl? 
Tough little sucker. 
Sounds like there's a time traveller out ther with a grudge against jazz
if only that sequence of events was speeded up a little and set to yackey sax
Rasputin who?
-Adolphe Sax
I wonder what kind of things future people will say we 'survived'.
Sax to be him
Shouldve been called the Sax Award instead of Darwin....
Wait.. how the hell do you survive after drinking a bowl of sulfuric acid?
You killed Sax, you bastards!
Adolphe Sax survived a ridiculous amount of accidents. Adolf Hitler survived a ridiculous amount of assassination attempts.

Clearly if you want to make your child indestructable you have to name him Adolph.
The powers that be trying to maintain a saxophoneless status quo.
"Who invented the saxophone?"

"Adolphe Sax"

"...Yeah, right, Dad".
Happy birthday Mr. Sax!
Now that's what I call Sax and violence!
I think the most amazing thing is that in the 1800s he lived 79 years, especially considering how shitty the first 9 were 
Little known fact: we have this man to thank for creating the immediate predecessor to the tuba (the Sax Horn), without which Besson would not have had a prototype for their patent back in the mid-19th-century.

http://www.euphstudy.com/myeuph/gautrotbar/02.jpg
Was it common back in the day to keep bowls of sulfuric (acid) around the home? Had bottles not yet been invented?
Represent! 
Sounds like a bunch of young saxophonists in the era of time travel were angry because they couldn't be successful and tried to kill him as a child, but they failed because SAXOPHONE IS LIFE
Pretty darn cool. Never really cared for the sax, until I saw this recently, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll8MsqFhR0I
Speeding river?
Jesus. Not even Rasputin had it that bad.
Wow... History really wanted him to grow up and invent the saxophone!
He even looks like he's seen some shit. Like he knows he shouldn't be here, but also knows that he has earned the right to be.
Sounds like the his parents went to the Lori Grimes school of parenting.

Happy saxophone day...! 
And he's also responsible for the symphonic trainwreck that is a saxophone.
Makes sense why he made such a crazy stupid instrument!
(No hate, I'm a tuba player, it's a given)
Ah, the things musicians do for inspiration...
I feel that whoever is in charge of the universe and atoms and quarks n shit mistook this Adolphe.
Congratulations on clicking on the google doodle and reading his wikipedia page.
Maybe someone from the future for some reason desperatly tried to prevent the invention of the saxophone...
Dammit!
We'll just have to try again.
There could be a whole sub dedicated to cool Google dudes and stuff people learn from them.

So, this is why we have warning signs everywhere now.
It was nature trying and failing to prevent a great squealing menace from descending on music.
All because he's destined to invent the Saxophone and it proved the greatest of all musical instruments!
It sounds like multiple attacks from time travelers that hate the saxophone.
To this day we still pay tribute to the name by describing some saxophone music as "soulful"
Hmmm when did we put speed limits on rivers?
Can someone explain to me what a "speeding river" is?
wow, someone went back in time to kill him, all to prevent the invention.
That's horrible. I'm glad he survived all of that. I love the sax.

This song is the reason I play the sax. http://youtu.be/jmIv_UYCj-o
I'd expect as much from the guy who invented one of the most annoying sounds on earth. 
That explains why his namesake instrument is so poorly designed.
*listening to Jimi Hendrix*  
  
*throws guitar in the garbage*
[In case anyone wanted to see Raphael's painting from the Church of Sant'Agostino.](http://imgur.com/5KzkinO)
Thank you for specifying that it was the *painter* Raphael, and not the ninja turtle. 
You can see it in one of his paintings. Half the men are typical Raphael (skinny etc) and the other half are muscly and look like Michelangelo's work. The later half being done after sneaking into the Sistine Chapel.

Source - my tour guide at the Vatican and photos I took of the paintings.

Edit - Op delivers:
The School of Athens, or Scuola di Atene in Italian, is one of the most famous frescoes by the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael. It was painted between 1509 and 1511 as a part of Raphael's commission to decorate the rooms now known as the Stanze di Raffaello - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_School_of_Athens


My photos from this room (This is where our guide stopped us and talked about Raphael and Michaelangelo for 10 minutes)


This guy is a lot musclier than everyone else - http://imgur.com/2QWQ8sq

The Sistine Chapel is the building through the window - http://imgur.com/doBH0fw

More Raphael after seeing the Sistine Chapel (everyone is muscly) - http://imgur.com/ceQaWPZ

Raphael is (usually) the only guy looking at us in the paintings as seen here - http://imgur.com/6uxtBnK

Bonus photo. I forget why I took this - http://imgur.com/R6c6XgR


I tried to take photos of my tour without 10000 people, hence the weird angles
More info: [Wikipedia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Prophet_Isaiah_\(Raphael\)): The Prophet Isaiah

Michaelangelo was so impressed by Raphael's ability to imitate his style that one scholar suggests that he may have taken advantage of this:

&gt; Much comparison is made of the Raphael fresco Prophet Isaiah to the work of Michaelangelo....[he] may have hired Raphael to work on Ezekiel for the Sistine Chapel, which he believes is much more reflective of Raphael than of Michaelangelo. This would have allowed Raphael to both gain influence by Michaelangelo and also contribute to a piece of work on the Sistine Chapel.[5]

A strategic move on both their parts. Makes sense. Let's take a look at how Raphael was able to make his work so similar:

&gt; Within the Prophet of Isaiah, noted influences by Michaelangelo include:

&gt; - Similarity of figural composition

&gt; - Isaiah is self-enclosed

&gt; - The manner in which the scroll is held, in a spiral formula as evolved by Michaelangelo[5]

&gt; Legend has it that Corycius [the patron behind the works in question] complained to Michaelangelo that he had been overcharged for the fresco, to which Michaelangelo responded, "the knee alone is worth the price."[6]

Ha! Solid answer. If someone's going to bite your style, the least they can do is charge what you charge. No wonder Michaelangelo was willing to give him work.

He went to Rome, snuck in, saw the Sistine interior then went back to Florence? Damn son 
This is why competition is good.  If Raphael just wanted to surround himself with a bunch of nuthugger yes men, he would have never challenged himself to better his previous work.
Kind of the same thing that happened to The Killers/The Strokes. 

Brandon Flowers told NME: "I remember us going to buy The Strokes' Is This It on the day it came out and, when we put it on in the car, that record just sounded so perfect. I got so depressed after that, we threw away everything and the only song that made the cut and remained was 'Mr. Brightside.'"
Raphael was impressed enough on his early view of the Sistine Chapel that in his own masterwork he was then painting, "The School of Athens",  he gave tribute to Michelangelo as one of the portrayed men of greatness.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_School_of_Athens
This is the artist's equivalent of looking at the other player's screen during split screen PVP. 

Still lost the game though. 
I did an excellent tour of the Vatican today and my guide mentioned this exact fact. Odd coincidence! He also talked about the rivalry between the two masters - how this era has never been made in to a movie is beyond me. 
Just in case people get the wrong idea; Raphael is a phenomenal painter on his own right, Michelangelo was just more influential. Raphael painted [The School of Athens](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_School_of_Athens).
Raphael reportedly based his portrait of Heraclitus in the "School of Philosophy" on Michelangelo because both were bitter, depressed geniuses who crapped on everyone else.
That's some Amadeus shit right there. 
The 16th century version of:

"But I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time

So you might wanna go back to the lab tonight and um

Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit

And start over from scratch and write new ones"
The Sistine Chapel ceiling is on my short list of most amazing things I've experienced. The way it was painted with regards to the angle, perspective, and natural light of the room make it look like sculpture. It's really something to see.
Everyone, not just Raphael, wanted to know what Michelangelo was up to.  Michelangelo was a force of nature who pushed the dynamics and thematic interests of the Renaissance to the absolute limits.  After him, it was as if there was nothing more left to be done, and you can see his influence, and even direct quotes from his work, for another 300 years.  
sounds like a scene from american psycho. 
Classic Raph. 
Cool but rude
Sucks that painting he scraped off the wall is probably worth 100 mill today. 
It's like peer reviewing a classmate's essay and realizing your paper is dog shit. 
This is how I feel with just about everything in life.
I do this a lot with homework...
Basically he went on Deviantart
Wait, the only way this fact could be known, since he reportedly "snuck", is that Raphael told the world of this fact afterwards. Right?
He was reposting.
And then they had a ninja fight and totally ate some pizzas.

I remember that episode.
TIL it's the Sistine Chapel not the Sixteenth chapel. I'm 28 college and college educated.
and then donetello and Leonardo came down for some pizza!
Where were Leonardo and Donatello during this? 
And then Donatello and Leonardo showed up and they all ate pizza and did some ollies on their skate decks.
This is pretty much the same story on how Android was created.
sneaked*
Raphael is cool but rude, Michaelangeo's a party dude
[deleted]
That's cool, but kinda rude.
I wish we had people today that were so dedicated to their craft. 
[deleted]
TIL being allowed in=sneaking in.
It never occurred to me that an elephant, or really anything, could eat a pine tree.
We have a tiger rescue nearby that also takes used Christmas trees. They spray them with perfume and other fun stuff and the cats get some enrichment and fun. They roll around on the pine trees, scratch them, etc.
Hopefully this isn't too far buried, but PLEASE DO NOT BRING YOUR USED TREE TO THE ZOO!  We can't use them once they've been decorated because it's simply not feasible to check if every tree is 100% free of toxic chemicals, pesticides, hooks, tinsel, spray-on snow, and other things that could harm the animals .  Just like the article mentions, the trees we use are unsold leftovers we get from vendors who do not treat their trees with anything that would be unsafe if ingested.  

It's nice to see so many people wanting to help though.  If you want to support your local zoo this holiday season, you can always check to see if they have an X-mas wish list for their animals.  Lots of places do, and it's kind of fun to know that you bought a tiger a new toy. :)
Lots of people in here not knowing the difference between their conifers.  

'Pine Tree' seems to have morphed into a generic term for a lot of evergreens/conifers. Most Christmas trees are actually a variety of spruce or fir.  Some people have pine trees, but their fairly uncommon.
  
How do you know which one you have? Look at the needles. If they're really long, and in bunches of 2-5, it's a pine tree. If they are single and round, it's a spruce. If single and flat, it's a fir. 
Cologne.........
How do they make sure it doesn’t contain any hooks, wires, glass balls etc.? Even if you look carefully it’s possible to overlook something.
Neat!  I personally don't partake in the annual tree sacrifice ritual, but I wonder if my local zoo takes tree donations..

Edit:  My local zoo says, "We do not feed our animals Christmas trees. Most the time they have been treated to last longer. We do accept bamboo at different times if it has not been treated."
I used to work at Home Depot in Metro Detroit. The Christmas trees that didn't sell were delivered to the Detroit Zoo for the rhinos, is what I was told. That was back in 2000. 
For those interested in donating your Christmas trees, please check with your local zoo/large animal rescue. Besides what is written in the  title, Christmas trees make good enrichment toys for animals, so many organizations love to get them. Just make sure you ask them before dropping off your tree. There are usually certain requirements, like the tree shouldn't have decorations like tinsel on it.
That's cool. I am from Cologne, and I must admit I've never heard about this. Good to know.
Huh, maybe thats why in Chicago they do "Christmas Tree dropoff" right outside the Lincoln Park Zoo.  
In Louisiana we throw them into the Gulf of Mexico to make huge wooden dams basically along the coast in hopes of slowing coastal erosion. It's really sad actually, people don't understand how desperate it is.
Eating german x-mas trees will give you a case of tannenbum.
They aren't used tree's it says in the article they are unused leftover trees. As in they were cut for the Christmas holiday and were not sold so they are donated to the zoo.
Hence the lyric:

O Tannenbaum, o Tannenbaum,

Und dann ein Elefant frisst Sie
TIL that elephants and llamas eat pine trees, lol...  ☺
We have a fake tree because I am paranoid about house fires but it's nice to know some places recycle them like that. It always makes me kind of sad to see them just laying on the side of the road in January. 

...or March, in the case of at least one of my neighbors. 
It's all fun and games until it eats a rogue Christmas ornament. 
They're also commonly used to mitigate sand dune erosion from beaches and to create underwater habitat in stocked fishing ponds.
Growing up in Texas they got collected and bulldozed into sand dunes along the coast. It has restored the dunes that were destroyed from poor management in the past.
Gods honest truth I live in thurmont MD and you can just drop them off at the zoo. They take everyone they can get
Pine farts.
Something something wintergreen toothpaste.
I think this is a misconception that people donate their personal Christmas trees after they've 'used it'. AFAIK that's not true, they rather donate unsold Christmas trees to the zoos. Reason being, used Christmas trees likely still have some decoration left on them (you know it's hard not to miss anything when taking off the decoration) and it would be a big injury risk for animals to gnawl on that broken glass.
I volunteer at a zoo.  We get UNSOLD trees and use them as enrichment.  Used trees from people are not good as we can't be sure what was in them.  
I never knew that and I'm from Cologne.
Feed elephants, or have huge fire... THIS IS TOO HARD!
There is no Colgone in germany.
Sounds good idea only if animals really like it that much. :D
Same in Munich.
live fairly close to cologne and never heard of that! thanks for sharing!
And then, they slaughter a giraffe. 
We use our trees to make roads on the lake.
You know how much fun it is to feed your dog scraps? Imagine feeding an elephant a tree.
Strip the bark now Stampy!
Many zoos and animal rescues do this! 
What if it's pre-lit?
Also common in Colchester, England!
When I used to work at a Christmas tree farm we painted our trees and I'm pretty sure most places do the same. I wonder if the zoo knows that this is common. 
This sounds like something the Germans have made up to see if they can convince us...
That seems dangerous for the animal.  It's possible metal hooks are left on branches
Wonder if it makes their meat taste "piney?"
In New Jersey and LI beach towns, you can donate your trees to help rebuild the dunes. 
Not trying to make a pun, but does the elephant eat the trunk as well?
It also helps their breath. 
Somehow I kept reading Colgone as Cologne.
Elephants live longer in Colgone!
Instructions unclear. Ate Christmas tree and achieved zero gains.
Fantastic idea.
[Is this for real?](http://i.imgur.com/Ufbr5ej.webm)
They spray them with perfume and other things that could harm the animals . Just like the tree is like 90% dead wood.
We just stack ours all up and have a very big and very short lived fire. 

This seems so much better. 
hmm, where I live in the Netherlands there aren't any large zoos anywhere remotely nearby, we chop the tree up and use the logs for the fireplace, ideally keeping a few logs for next years Christmas so the next tree can sit and watch in horror what it's fate is going to be. 
Most zoos take Halloween pumpkins too! If the animals don't eat it, they play with it. 
I just messaged my local zoo and they said that our Elephants don't like Pine trees :( 
I bet local animal sanctuaries could use these too! There's one in Colorado, The Wild Animal Sanctuary, and I'll bet the lions and bears would love playing with these. 
I was thinking how is a dead tree good for them, then I realized normal people actually throw away their Christmas tree before all the pines fall off.
Most zoos collect used Christmas trees. Lots of animals will eat them, and lots of others will play with them as enrichment. 
TIL Elephants must LOVE the holidays.
You have to water it!
Most Christmas trees this year.
Goats eat them 
What about the tinsel, does it all come out in the end?
that's great! if you want to see a real waste of xmas trees, walk around NYC for a few weeks after christmas.
Except water transport doesn't happen in the mid-late 70's tho, along with burning the leaves that fell in the title, Christmas trees this year.
Now my desktop is a llama eating a Christmas tree.
[Lions play with recycled Christmas tree in British zoo](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/lions-play-christmas-tree-british-zoo-article-1.2066096)
Do they spray trees with fire retardant in Germany? I think they do here in the states
TIL elephants eat christmas trees.
Colgone? That makes me sad. 
I still know when I was a kid they had a donation box in front of the old house for the elephants, hippos and rhinos. They had this box there for a few years and then built a new house with a bigger area for the elephants.
People still use real trees?
my grandmas carpet was like a mine field for moths 
in berlin, germany it's common to light your neighbor's christmas tree on fire after they've taken it out to the curb.
When my parents used to get real trees, they participated in a program where you bring your used tree to the beach to help build up more sand dunes.  This is in Carteret County in NC for those interested.
Colgone sounds like some sort kind of toothpaste.
Breath is pine-fresh!
So..elephants are just massive beavers?
I watched him get sworn in by Vice President Gore (years ago). Gore said "Raise your right hand." To which Inouye just stared at him. Gore then said, "Please raise your hand."
During the Watergate hearings, Erlichman's and Haldeman's lawyer sneeringly referred to Inouye (who chaired the Senate Committee investigations) as "that little Jap", while in front of what he *thought* was a dead mic - after previously having being picked up muttering, "what a liar".

After the resulting public hue and cry, two days later the lawyer apologized to both the Senator and to the Committee. Sen. Inouye had both the dignity and the grace to calmly and briefly accept the lawyer's apology, then to simply move on with the day's proceedings. A class act. 
I met him and chatted with him several times on Capitol Hill, usually on the Senate subways.

He was a class act, humble, and pretty much every good thing you've heard about him is true.

A good barometer of a Senator's personality is to ask the pages, as they are the bottom rung around the Senate. Every one of them I talked to loved the guy and mentioned how humble he was.

He tried to, "Aw, shucks," his way out of praise I'd seen directed at him for his heroics with the 442nd and blushed once, shrugging like it was all no big deal...when we all knew it damned sure was.

Unlike almost every other career politician I met on the Hill I genuinely liked Senator Inouye and was very sad when he passed away.

He'll, I'm getting sad again just typing this. We don't have many folks like him around, unfortunately.


From Wikipedia: " n April 21, 1945, Inouye was grievously wounded while leading an assault on a heavily-defended ridge near San Terenzo in Tuscany, Italy, called the Colle Musatello. The ridge served as a strongpoint of the German fortifications known as the Gothic Line, the last and most unyielding line of German defensive works in Italy. As he led his platoon in a flanking maneuver, three German machine guns opened fire from covered positions 40 yards away, pinning his men to the ground. Inouye stood up to attack and was shot in the stomach. Ignoring his wound, he proceeded to attack and destroy the first machine gun nest with hand grenades and his Thompson submachine gun. When informed of the severity of his wound, he refused treatment and rallied his men for an attack on the second machine gun position, which he successfully destroyed before collapsing from blood loss.

As his squad distracted the third machine gunner, Inouye crawled toward the final bunker, coming within 10 yards. As he raised himself up and cocked his arm to throw his last grenade, a German soldier inside the bunker fired a rifle grenade, which struck his right elbow, nearly severing most of his arm and leaving his primed grenade reflexively "clenched in a fist that suddenly didn't belong to me anymore". Inouye's horrified soldiers moved to his aid, but he shouted for them to keep back out of fear his severed fist would involuntarily relax and drop the grenade. While the German inside the bunker reloaded his rifle, Inouye pried the live grenade from his useless right hand and transferred it to his left. As the enemy soldier aimed his rifle at him, Inouye tossed the grenade into the bunker and destroyed it. He stumbled to his feet and continued forward, silencing the last German resistance with a one-handed burst from his Thompson before being wounded in the leg and tumbling unconscious to the bottom of the ridge. He awoke to see the worried men of his platoon hovering over him. His only comment before being carried away was to order them back to their positions, saying "nobody called off the war!"
Also while he was doing this his parents were in a Japanese Internment camp. Watch Ken Burns "The War" and he's in it telling his stories, truly amazing. 
When he was in California, on his way home to Hawaii, this happened to him:

&gt;[After he spent 20 months in hospitals recovering from war wounds fighting with the 442nd Regimental Combat Team in Europe], on a layover in Oakland, California , on his way back to Hawaii, he decided he wanted to get, as he puts it "all gussied up so when I got home Mama and Papa would see me in all my glory. I went into an Oakland barbershop--four empty chairs--and a barber comes up to me and wants to know if I'm Japanese. Keep in mind I'm in uniform with my medals and ribbons and a hook for an arm. I said, 'Well my father was born in Japan.' The barber replied, 'We don't cut Jap hair.' I was tempted to slash him with my hook," [from the arm he had lost in battle], "but then I thought about all the work the 442nd had done and I just said, 'I feel sorry for you,' and walked out. I went home without a haircut."

[Source](http://www.ontheissues.org/Domestic/Daniel_Inouye_Civil_Rights.htm)
During an episode of Drunk History he was portrayed by the actor Steven Yuen (from Walking Dead) and the story was told by a drunken Phil Hendrie. Other than his famous radio show Phil Hendrie also voices principal Vagina on Rick and Morty.
[lol](http://i.imgur.com/ZIcE2kX.png)
Wow, as if this all isn't badass enough:

"The remainder of Inouye's mutilated right arm was later amputated at a field hospital without proper anesthesia, as he had been given too much morphine at an aid station and it was feared any more would lower his blood pressure enough to kill him." (from the Wiki entry)
Guy was a badass. And his position as President pro tempore made him 3rd in line for the presidency should anything had happened to the POTUS and the VP.
That's fucking metal
Having read the article, I'm now pissed that Inouye's dying wish to appoint his successor was ignored by the governor. Instead of appointing Inouye's protege, an Asian woman, the governor appointed his own lieutenant, a white guy. The guy then went on to beat her in the following election by 0.75%, doubtlessly winning on the edge given by being the incumbent. Sad.
My first memory of Inouye was at the Iran-Contra hearings. He was nothing short of badass 

Oliver North tried to intimidate the committee with his chest full of ribbons. You can't intimidate someone like Inouye with that. [I remember Inouye wearing his Distinguished Service Cross pin during the hearings to show North that he was not to be trifled with](https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1310&amp;dat=19870709&amp;id=DYA1AAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=f-EDAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=5355,1862986&amp;hl=en). That same medal was later upgraded to the Medal of Honor.

[Here is Inouye's powerful closing statement](http://www.brown.edu/Research/Understanding_the_Iran_Contra_Affair/v-on22.php) , which includes these words:

&gt; And when the Colonel put on his uniform and the bars of a Second Lieutenant, he was well aware that he was subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice. It is a special code of laws that apply to our men and women in uniform. It is a code that has been applicable to the conduct and activities of Colonel North throughout his military career, and even at this moment. And that code makes it abundantly clear that orders of a superior officer must be obeyed by subordinate members. But it is lawful orders.

&gt; The uniform code makes it abundantly clear that it must be the lawful orders of a superior officer.

&gt; In fact, it says, "Members of the military have an obligation to disobey unlawful orders."
This was also right after getting shot in the stomach. Inouye was a fantastic citizen. He volunteered as a medic after the attack on Pearl Harbor, joined the Army during WWII while in the midst of studying medicine, and was the first congressman of Hawaii. The parade field at the National Infantry Museum at Fort Benning is named after him, and was sowed with soil from 9 major battle fields. 

Even though I'm a harsh critic of the Iraq and Afghanistan war and the abuse of our military strength, I'm very proud of my grandfathers, uncles, cousins, mother, father, and husband for serving in the military. Happy Veterans Day!
"The ridge served as a strongpoint of the German fortifications known as the Gothic Line, the last and most unyielding line of German defensive works in Italy. As he led his platoon in a flanking maneuver, three German machine guns opened fire from covered positions 40 yards away, pinning his men to the ground. Inouye stood up to attack and was shot in the stomach. Ignoring his wound, he proceeded to attack and destroy the first machine gun nest with hand grenades and his Thompson submachine gun. When informed of the severity of his wound, he refused treatment and rallied his men for an attack on the second machine gun position, which he successfully destroyed before collapsing from blood loss.[11]
Inouye as a first lieutenant in the U.S. Army

As his squad distracted the third machine gunner, Inouye crawled toward the final bunker, coming within 10 yards. As he raised himself up and cocked his arm to throw his last grenade, a German soldier inside the bunker fired a rifle grenade, which struck his right elbow, nearly severing most of his arm and leaving his primed grenade reflexively "clenched in a fist that suddenly didn't belong to me anymore".[12] Inouye's horrified soldiers moved to his aid, but he shouted for them to keep back out of fear his severed fist would involuntarily relax and drop the grenade. While the German inside the bunker reloaded his rifle, Inouye pried the live grenade from his useless right hand and transferred it to his left. As the enemy soldier aimed his rifle at him, Inouye tossed the grenade into the bunker and destroyed it. He stumbled to his feet and continued forward, silencing the last German resistance with a one-handed burst from his Thompson before being wounded in the leg and tumbling unconscious to the bottom of the ridge. He awoke to see the worried men of his platoon hovering over him. His only comment before being carried away was to order them back to their positions, saying "nobody called off the war!"

.... 

Fucking wow.
&gt; At one point while he was leading an attack, a shot struck him in the chest directly above his heart, but the bullet was stopped by the two silver dollars he happened to have stacked in his shirt pocket. He continued to carry the coins throughout the war in his shirt pocket as good luck charms, until he lost them shortly before the battle in which he lost his arm.

I guess they really were good luck charms.
I'm confused.  If the grenade blew his arm off how did he then "snatch the live grenade out of his blown off hand" and use it again?

Something ain't right with your title.

edit: read the wiki.  your title isn't wrong, just very confusing (at least to me)
Watching the Ken Burns WW2 doc and realizing at the end that it was him made me so happy. I knew of his story but had never seen him speak, and it wasn't until one of the later episodes where they spoke of how much of a badass he was that it clicked. It was one of those wide eyed, holy shit moments for me, as I really enjoyed his interview to begin with due to that awesome, grandfather voice he had. That man should be celebrated for what he went through and what he did for decades for this country
"My father just looked straight ahead, and I looked straight ahead, and then he cleared his throat and said, 'America has been good to us. It has given me two jobs. It has given you and your sisters and brothers education. We all love this country. Whatever you do, do not dishonor your country. Remember – never dishonor your family. And if you must give your life, do so with honor.' I knew exactly what he ment. I said, 'Yes, sir. Good-bye."

From [Badass of the Week](http://www.badassoftheweek.com/inouye.html):  "he's a face-crushing asskicker named Daniel K. Inouye, and his story is so over-the-top insane that if you saw it in a movie you'd think the screenwriter was totally full of shit. "
I assume the delay was because everyone was too afraid to speak to him.
The title doesn't do this guy justice. He got shot several times and powered on like a savage. What a soldier.
Met Senator Inouye on my first deployment while in Afghanistan(US Air Force).  

I just came back from dropping off mission critical parts at the Brit's C-130s that were headed to Camp Bastion.  Everyone was lined up next to our helicopters and I asked the guy next to me if I needed to know anything, he said nothing.  

A minute later Senator Inouye is approaching and I'm first in line.  He's wearing a black leather jacket and look totally normal.  I put out my right hand and he puts out his left hand.  I'm totally caught off guard and we kind of do an awkward handshake.  After that it was General McChrystal and like 10 other Army Generals.

I still feel a bit embarrassed, but I totally blame the guy who didn't give me a heads up.
I can only imagine a german watching a grenade fly over head with a arm attached and thinking holy fuck
He snatched the live grenade out of his hand even though it blew off his arm while throwing said grenade? huh?
Got chills reading his story. What a kick-ass fighter.  
Thanks for sharing. 
Daniel Inouye's story made for Phil Hendrie's [definitive Drunk History appearance.](http://youtu.be/fnip9JoKG4I)
A God damn American hero. 
How was he able to stand up with balls of steel that big?
Took me a while to understand the title.  *Something else* blew his hand off while he was throwing the grenade.  The still yet to be detonated live grenade lay there on the ground in his now detached hand, and he grabbed it and threw it.
Wasn't it him that got knocked unconscious, woke to all his men standing around him, and said "I'm sorry, did they call off the war?!?! Why are you all standing around?!?"
Inouye chaired the [investigations into the Iran-Contra affair](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Congressional_committees_investigating_the_Iran%E2%80%93Contra_affair&amp;redirect=no). Despite a mass of evidence indicating that the President was involved they decided not to go after him, due to his age and mental ability.   

Inouye may have been a stellar human being but he was the wrong man to head an impartial commission charged with ferreting out the truth. He went on record saying that if there were a smoking gun, he hoped they wouldn't find it. Both eyes fixed firmly on the past, he ardently hoped to avoid another Watergate. What he failed to realize is that Watergate, despite whatever mistrust it bred in the public toward the government, shined a light on the seedy, shadowy affairs of the government, and that by deliberately conducting the commissions with comity and a notable lack of zeal, he may have preserved the temporary trust of Americans in their government yet left behind an indelible precedent of Congress deliberately failing to expose large scale chicanery on the part of the executive branch- and in so doing, encouraged future presidents to engage in similar behavior, and the citizenry to accept hints of this kind of behavior as the norm.

There was widespread anger among progressives of the day for what they viewed as Neville-Chamberlain-like behavior of Inouye, behaving in an improperly civilized manner toward actions of presidential enormity.

He may have been a civilized man, who as a soldier was beyond courageous and heroic. But he was in many ways a notable failure as a Senator.
I don't know if he could be called a former senator because it looks like he passed while still in office. 

I had much respect for him as well as Spark Matsunaga growing up in Hawaii during that era. 
If you have an hour to spare I would suggest listening to this interview where he tells his story. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCHQK2SHUsA 

He gets into the loss of his around around the 30 minute mark
You can read his story and other amazing MOH stories

http://www.history.army.mil/moh/wwII-g-l.html#INOUYE


http://www.history.army.mil/moh/
my dad met him once when he was a kid. don't remember the exact circumstances, but my grandfather took his sons on vacation  to Hawaii, and they happened to visit some building where the Senator also was that day. They couldn't figure out how to operate the elevator until Senator Inouye demonstrated it for them, and then continued walking down the hallway. My dad recognized him, and later in the day confirmed that it was him, but didn't say anything to him at the time because he was too nervous. still makes for a pretty neat story though.
This guy is a poster for heroism and TERM LIMITS. 1963 to 2012 geezus.
Inouye was one of the only politicians I seriously respected.

I'm disappointed that he's gone. We could use dozens more like him.
Go For Broke!!
They had a parade in his honor and for other members of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team in Hawaii after the medals were given.  I spoke to Senator Inouye as he rode on top of a tank.  
He and Bob Dole, who also was wounded in combat (in Italy), wound up recuperating in the same hospital in Michigan. It's a really [interesting story.]( http://www.jsonline.com/news/opinion/the-inouye-bob-dole-connection-6b834gf-184113311.html)  Inouye himself talks about it in [this video,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts2BM1DHoRA), first few minutes.   
What. A badass.
This story is less impressive when you find out that it didn't take place in WWII Europe, but rather at an Oktoberfest celebration in downtown Milwaukee in 1996.
I went to basic training/AIT with his great-nephew in the Army. 
They were afraid that the medal ceremony would be seen as a threat display and he'd hand them all their asses.
He's not one of those beltway pansies.
That was hardcore shit right there. 
Fuckin badass..
He's a badass dude
TIL that his son was the guitarist for Marginal Man.
And when Tip O'Neil welcomed him to the senate, Inouye thanked him and said he was honored by the personal welcome.

O'Neil laughed, slapped him on the good shoulder and said:  "My pleasure!  How many one armed Japs we got around here?"

Source:  my memory and a high school teacher.
Dude, thats metal.
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3sfmk9?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Drunk History - Daniel Inouye's Heroic Moment](https://youtube.com/watch?v=fnip9JoKG4I)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfmk9/_/cwx3err?context=10#cwx3err) - Daniel Inouye&amp;#39;s story made for Phil Hendrie&amp;#39;s definitive Drunk History appearance. 
[Oral History: Daniel Inouye](https://youtube.com/watch?v=rCHQK2SHUsA)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfmk9/_/cwx719i?context=10#cwx719i) - If you have an hour to spare I would suggest listening to this interview where he tells his story.    He gets into the loss of his around around the 30 minute mark 
[Legacy of Daniel Inouye](https://youtube.com/watch?v=jHZ0dZXNct0)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3sfmk9/_/cwxbr62?context=10#cwxbr62) - Even that video is kind of off, it&amp;#39;s actually &amp;quot;ee-no-eh&amp;quot; with emphasis on the no. Try this video for reference  (can&amp;#39;t lie, I just got misty eyed watching this clip and others). 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
What blew off his hand if he could use the grenade again 
He had more than a few yards of the position and resulted in saving the lives of a superior officer must be the lawful orders of a WW2 story or something.
Fortunately, she met a group of classmates who stood up for her and became more widely spread in the line has set the standard.
To be more precise, he got struck by a rifle grenade in his right *shoulder* as he was about to throw a grenade, and having lost control of his right hand, he grasped the live grenade out with his left hand and threw it. **Later on**, his right arm was surgically **amputated.**
The title doesn't specify that this happened during the war, so for all we know he got in a bar fight in Hamburg in 1982. And was *still* awarded MoH.
I'll just pretend he threw the entire arm because that'd be funnier
He was this in line to the presidency at one point
Wait how do you get your arm blown off by a grenade then pick said grenade up and proceed to use it offensively again? 
How did he use a used grenade?
He's also known as the one armed bandit for stealing rings and jewelry off of dead enemy soldiers
what war was this?
Go for broke!
I'm surprised the Republicans haven't pulled a Max Cleland, Tammy Duckworth or John Kerry on him.  To Republicans, the only heroic veterans are wealthy Republican veterans.  The rest can go die in gutters.
And the republicans offered him a purple heart bandaid
Why do Americans always seem to glorify and worship soldiers on reddit, and spend so little time on other benevolent achievements ?
Good job, MoH committee, Inouye had it in ya
that's not what the link says
he fought with samurai spirit
No word should be a racial slur, but I never could figure out what the link says At one point while he was only given the Bronze Star since the arm was blown off in combat because of the severity of his story but had never seen him speak, and it wasn't until one of those beltway pansies.
A God damn American hero. 
This last action hero is so cool. I bet he high fived himself after too.
It sucks what happened to him. But glorifying combat and calling it badass as some people on here are doing is extremely immature. Honor these people by preventing future conflict, but don't fucking glorify them
Was this before or after he killed many enemies with his gigantic brass balls?
[deleted]
lol he's also a former human being! his wikipedia said he's now died! but thank you for your service on this annual veterans' day because that was brave of you to do.
It's words like "mow down" that glorify war, which is organized killing of people. Other living things. Stay true to the horrors and call it "murder" or if you must "killing". Don't sugar coat it though heroic in the oncoming fear it may be.
I worked for the military for 30 years.  Senator Inouye is the only veteran I've ever seen who publicly laughs and talks about killing enemy soldiers.  Frankly it comes across as an act and I've wondered how much of it is factual.
Wouldn't the hairdresser notice he has a wig?
TIL Andy Warhol did strange things.
He also said in one of his books that he wanted silver/ white hair so people would think he looked young for his age.
[deleted]
Even Andy Warhol's wig is getting its fifteen minutes of fame.
I would just never have pegged Warhol as the eccentric type
I don't know very much about Andy Warhol, but sometimes people who are lonely like to visit hair salons for human contact. My grandmother has cut hair since the 60s and has had customers who have been going to her since then. She believes that for some of her customers, her messing with their hair is the only form of intimate contact with another person that these people get. 
Agent W wasn't exaggerating when he said he was running out of ideas to keep his cover. 
[Relevant part.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Warhol#Music)

&gt; Andy always wore those silver wigs, but he never admitted it were wigs. One of his hairdressers has told me lately that he had his wigs regularly cut, like it were real hair. When the wig was trimmed, he put on another next month as if his hair had grown.

He was the most successful troll of his era. He used to make prints of his originals, number them, and then destroy the original before selling the prints. He turned the art world on it's ass and laughed all the way to the bank. He was a lot more than  eccentric.
TIL old Andy Warhol looked a lot like my mentally disabled aunt.
His character is Men in Black 3 is actually less weird than Warhol was in real life.  Truth is stranger than fiction, in full effect.  
I just have that Noel fielding sketch in my head now
&gt; He coined the widely used expression "15 minutes of fame". 

He used to think that everyone would get their 15 minutes.  People thought he was crazy, but he kind of turned out to be right with the Internet and Youtube and all.  Anyone ever think about that?
Plot twist: the wig really was growing. 
Boy, I'm beginning to think that Andy Warhol was kind of a strange guy.
It's performance art!
THAT WAS A WIG!?
He was also an MIB agent.
Ch-Ch-Ch-Chia
David Bowie did a perfect impersonation of Warhol in Basquiat
TIL Andy Warhol wore a wig. Also, TIL he was gay, and apparently it's really well known. How did I not know that?
Anyone read popism? Andy was a terrific writer. Most entertaining book I've ever read
I met Andy Warhol at a really chic party
My grandpa did the same thing with his fingernails 
"Standing on the street corner waiting for no one is Power."
if he was a big tipper they would put up with it.Says a lot that he thought it was funny
He's in too deep, can't backout of the lie after so many years.
If I had a vagina I would call it Andy Warhol
I get Picasso.  I get Joyce.  I get Bukowski.  I get Morrison 

I don't get Warhol at all.
What kind of drugs was he doing, exactly?  Cocaine and ether?
I understand a lot of people don't like him but I'm surprised at the blunt homophobia here I thought reddit was beyond bullshit like that
Hilarious...
you know what they say...when you're poor, you're crazy. when you're rich, you're eccentric 
As I understand it, this is actually kinda common for women with wigs. A lot of women have a monthly appointment with a hairdresser, and when they go through chemo, or whatever, and lose their hair they keep the appointments to keep a semblance of normalcy in their life. 
He probably never washed it and having a freshly cut and styled wig a month doesn't sound too crazy. Just a fresh wig that he needed to be to cut to his liking.
The poor man probably just likes haircuts, cut him some slack, jack

Hey /u/vincejongun,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Whatever guys.. he was MIB. Everybody knows that meeting an alien makes you go bald. Are you going to blame him for maintaining some level of normality in his live? 
"Before I was shot, I always thought that I was more half-there than all-there—I always suspected that I was watching TV instead of living life. People sometimes say that the way things happen in movies is unreal, but actually it's the way things happen in life that's unreal. The movies make emotions look so strong and real, whereas when things really do happen to you, it's like watching television—you don't feel anything. Right when I was being shot and ever since, I knew that I was watching television. The channels switch, but it's all television." Best quote on the whole wiki.
There was a story about him on This American Life relating to his stuff. He hoarded so much of it and instead of throwing it out he called it a "Time Capsule". The folks who work in his museum are still going through all of it and finding things like shit stained undies. 
["One of the stupidest people I ever met in my life"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkQvoi6i8TA)
If he was alive today, he would be posting terrible pranks on YouTube.
Thus bringing the expression to 'Wig out' into the modern vernacular.  Ironically such antics populate the pedestrian end of the spectrum that catalogues Andy Warhol 'Wigging out!'. Thank God for folks like him that's all I can say. He would perhaps occupy that culturally unique mantel with trail blazers like Hunter S Thompson. They saw the human condition as something both fluid and tactile. Something so Inescapably subject to the interpretation of the wielder.  The notion that our existence isn't merely the process of some preordained outcome manifesting itself through us is one of the most powerful epiphanies any sentient being can experience. So many people have been enriched by their 'wreckless abandon'. Thanks to dynamos like Warhol we are blessed to reside amid that tiny fraction of recorded time where mankind can grasp that its horizons are only as subject to the whim of 'The Establishment' as we allow them to be.
TIL Andy Warhol has a wig
I've been looking for someone for quite a while who can explain to me why Warhol is valuable, or how he can be considered anything more than an eccentric pessimist in the right place at the right time. To me, he made pretty 2D prints of pop stars and products which people projected their own "commercial commentary" interpretations on. To me he is way overrated, and his all-surface-and-no-depth "commentary" amounted to nothing more than the equivelant of Rebecca Blacks "Friday". I imagine everyone could praise her similarly - "she's intentionally exaggerating the vapid nature of pop music to illuminate what an empty culture we have!" And I want to say "brilliant. Now we have a thousand more Rebecca Black wannabes, and the potential future of art is postponed indefinitely until we stop reflecting on our own worst qualities." Can anyone help me understand?
My grandmother was neighbors and best friends with him growing up. They helped each other cheat in school. She did his English homework while he did her art.
Am i the only one that thinks Warhol was pointless, as well as his 'art'?
[Gina's Wigs](http://i.imgur.com/CgVuD6i.jpg)
*Masterful*
TIL Andy Warhol wore a wig. 
No offence to the hobos but this guy just looks like he loves smuggling penis.
So he was an idiot then.
Aww.
He looks so old in that picture, even though he was only in his 40s
He wore a wig?
Such a weirdo but more power to him 
Trump does the same thing.
i read the name as andy rooney and it was a lot funnier 
Troll Level 5+
http://imgur.com/V1d40Bu
Okay.
Thats the best kind of insanity I've heard of all day!

classic
Whatever floats your boat I guess.
i imagine him saying "this is my hair - i don't wear wigs"
i live in Pittsburgh where they have the Andy Warhol Museum and oddly enough they have a lot of his wigs there.
He was...something else.
From what I gather he was a painfully self-conscious person so much so that he, without even consciously intending to do so, put on a different persona in public. 

I guess he thought he might fool the hairdressers with his wig. Or maybe he was more worried about people wondering why he never goes to get a haircut so he did so just for the sake of being able to tell the truth if someone asked.
Thank you, stranger. That rabbit hole taught me a lot about art.
Well that's odd.
What kind of drugs was he doing, exactly?  Cocaine and ether?
Maybe he just needed to replace his wig monthly? 
Hairdressers know real hair from the faked one. 
Wow!  That's...not interesting at all.
TIL artists are weird fucking people
If I were the hairdresser, I would wig out.
lmfao
HE ALSO COLORED THE BOTTOM LAYERS DARK BROWN/BLACK TO LOOK LIKE ROOTS/REAL GROWTH.
That's dedication
Did he also put epsom salt on his shoulders for dandruff, like [U.N. Savory](http://www.theguardian.com/media/mind-your-language/2010/oct/19/un-savory-roald-dahl-greene) did?
Sounds like he was in drugs 
They did a really good job in Men in Black 3 with getting the actor to look just like him.
It would be a way better story if he came back the very next day with a longer wig.
TIL Andy Warhol had a lot of free time to do stupid crap
He's like U.N Savory from Going Solo
It's weird shit like this and that Lynch fellow that make me think that Christine chan is a brillant performance artist
THE ABSOLUTE MADMAN

Couldn't it be that the wig got dirty after a month and its easier to just buy a new one since he had plenty of money, and couldn't do slightly different hairstyles to change things up?
O
Love that man. 
What a quirky guy!
An evolving mobile art installation if you ask me. Nobody did, but there i said it.
There was always something weird about that guy.
I'm drunk and I can't even comprehend this. 
Aww, sad man. It seems like he just really wanted to be normal. Poor guy.
When I worked in a hairdressers years ago, there was a man who came in weekly for a wash and blow dry on his wig while still attached to his head. He was a strange one. 
the reference for Wikipedia is a second-hand comment made by David Bowie, who admits that they were "certainly not" friends, and only met him briefly twice.
Ever see Italians watering their driveways? Like it's gonna grow or something. It's like Andy and his wigs.
He sounds like a bit of an odd fellow.
what an epic gash!
top post...
The guy is out there, plus, I've never liked his paintings, now I found another reason why Andy is not high on my list.
What a weirdo
Bandy Borhol
Next on Kroll Show, Too Much Toupee
#whitepplshyt
That's some dedication, right there.
TIL Andy Warhol needed to find better things to do with his time.
He should have gone in and had it cut really short, then come back in a month later with his receipt and his still short hair and complained that it was broken and wanted his money back. Gold Jerry, gold!
God I seriously cannot stand his face.  For some reason it just fills me with rage.  
Tell me about Warhol! Why does he wear the wig?
I'm sure I read that he would rub butter onto his scalp. A writer who shared a taxi with Warhol on an unfortunately hot day described the smell as 'rancid'.
This sounds like Roger from American Day
#durgs
is pop art; art though? Real questions 
Hipster
If he brought cameras he could have said it was a prank.
Awwww
It's a social experiment bruh!
haha
The more I think about this, the less weird it is. Obviously he did it to be quirky, but I can think of plenty of reasons why someone who had lost their hair would want to go to the hairdressers. For a lot of people it would be a sign of normality, it doesn't matter that it is a wig being cut, after all, the only real difference is that hair is attached to your head.
Can you get a Wig cut at a salon? I always thought it was a bit different to cut but I suppose they do work on fake hair while they're learning... I have a few Wigs I should get done then. 
Yeah, he was a bit of a character.
Bandy barhole
Artists are liars.
Eddie Jordan has three different wig lengths, which he swaps every ten days or so to give the inpression his hair is growing and gets a haircut every month. /r/formula1
Roald Dahl told an excellent anecdote about a bald ex-pat in India, who would sprinkle his wig and shoulders with salt and ask new acquaintances for advice on how to deal with "this terrible dry scalp problem".
Maybe I'm missing something, but why would it be a surprise if his hair had grown (assuming the hairdresser didn't realise it was a wig)?
His character is Men in Black 3 is actually less weird than Warhol was in real life.  Truth is stranger than fiction, in full effect.  
So random.
There is audio of one of his hair dressers on ubuweb talking about how she got the job of being Andy's wig stylist. For the life of me, I can't find it. Apologies 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZtUAq2SYUQ&amp;t=10m20s
He sounds like a weird guy. 
He was 46 in that picture? Damn. He aged horribly.
Andy Dirt
men in black shenanigans 
Hair envy, Warhol wore the most ridiculous perukes ever designed, it's like he copied gasbag Trumps hairdo before Trump did.
Oh my god. At first I thought it was the actor who played Gollum (Andy Serkis). I was very confused when I started reading the wiki page.
That guy was fuckin' funny.
I used tio work with a guy who had three wigs, each a different length.  He wore the shortest one for two weeks, then the longer one for two weeks, then the longest one for two weeks before returning to the short one to give the illusion of growing hair and haircuts.

The weirdest thing was that he had an identical twin who also worked for the company and who was totally bald.  They would often have lunch together in the cafeteria.  So who exactly he thought he was fooling I could never understand. 
I read the whole thing and, while very interesting, nowhere in the cited Wikipedia article does it say that Warhol had his wig cut in a salon.
What a sad individual
Who gives a shit, of all the mundane celebrity details, THIS DUDE MUST HAVE BEEN A TRUE ARTIST HE HAS FREE TIME TO FUCK WITH HAIRDRESSERS
I think this is really awesome. Andy respected artistry in fashion and stuff. I remember seeing him say he'd rather hang a dress up on his wall than a painting. He probably gossiped with the hairdressers and had fun. When you're rich, you get weird habits. Warhol was rich BECAUSE he had weird habits. Lovely guy. Just himself even if himself was a weirdo. 
Just grab last month's haircut if he was still in the studio, as sexuality in the mall costs about $1, or in the end results in an annex of your house, or renting a chair in the hospital too.
Why?
NEW WEAVE! 22 INCHES!
in his memoir "underboss" (one of the most true-to-life mafia books i've ever read), sam "sammy the bull" gravano once attended cosmetology school for the pussy.  final exam was for his license, and since he hadn't learned to cut hair, he brought in models with professionally pre-cut hair that was just stuck back on their heads.  
His soup can art was great. Perplexing even. I loved the different colors. It taught me so much.
this is what happens when you get famous and no one will tell you when you have a bad idea.
What an artist
Hed be alright in my book if it werent for his exploitation of Basquiat
The shit people had to go through before /r/asmr was a thing
Best. Troll. Ever
Yeah. Andy Warhol was a weirdo. 
What a freak
ITT: nazis who got mod-locked out of france/syria topics and now wander aimlessly looking for a home....***REFUGEEEEEEEEEEES***


I've never heard one thing about this guy that made him sound cool or interesting.
Stupid overrated pretentious poof
What a loser.
Goddamn, do I hate him and his face. Fuck.
This guy was such a try hard. His "art" was nothing special either.
Andy Worhol is just an Andy Dick that became popular.
TIL Andy Warhol was a bigger flake than I previously thought.
Don't you realize that he wasn't all that special? He just had the spotlight shine on him. Right place, right time, right mind. That trifecta is a winner. 

The world is littered with also-rans. He wasn't far apart.
Andy Warhol is a piece of shit
Andy Worhal - the original asberger nerd.
Is it just me or does anyone else think that Andy Warhol seems like a really pretentious annoying douche?
If you're weird and crazy enough, people will say you're a genius. 
There's no fucking way in hell a hair stylist would not notice it.
[deleted]
looking like an albino Stephen King and shit.
Stupid cunt.
Fuck Andy Warhol.  And have a pleasant evening,  Reddit.
TIL Andy Warhol was a faggot
More reasons I hate that fucking tool.
[deleted]
Andy Warhol was a fuckin weirdo.
Does he call the barber smooth skin?
Thats bc warhol was a weird queer fuck
I can't make sense of this. He thought he was fooling his barber, but what about his wigmaker? Of was he using off-the-shelve Warhol wigs??
Drugs are a hellava drug.
weirdo
Andy Wartroll
