I'm so proud we helped Saudi Arabia get a place on the UN Human Rights Council.  
There's that Eddie Izzard routine that strikes me why the two are different:

&gt;But there were other mass murderers that got away with it! Stalin killed many millions, died in his bed, well done there; Pol Pot killed 1.7 million Cambodians, died under house arrest at age 72, well done indeed! And the reason we let them get away with it is because they killed their own people, and we're sort of fine with that. “Ah, help yourself,” you know? “We've been trying to kill you for ages!” So kill your own people, right on there. Seems to be… Hitler killed people next door... “Oh… stupid man!” After a couple of years, we won't stand for that, will we?
Reminds me of this cartoon:

http://i.imgur.com/JAbVWN2.jpg

***-René Georges Hermann-Paul , 1899***




Fucking hell Lolworth lad, this is the most upvoted post ever in this sub. 
Well, you see, Saudi Arabia has strong diplomatic ties with us, and they buy stuff from us, so it makes it alright ^^^^^/s
What happened to the teenager that they wanted to crucify? I've not seen anything about him for a while?
How does this get 3000 votes? Has it become visible on everyone's /all/ feed?I'm still learning reddit.after 3 years..

It's all about how big your blade is.

The USA tortures unconvicted people in secret prisons and their blade is VERY big, which is why they're "special" to us.
This is really deep, I just wish there was like a barrel of oil or something in the background you know? Just to really rustle the establishment's feathers
Ok, gonna be the devil's advocate there.

There is a major difference between the two, in that SA are applying the laws to their own citizens, while ISIS are basically kidnapping people and murdering them. 

In the same way that if I kidnapped someone for a slight on myself, and held them in a building for 2-25 years I would be a monster, yet 99% of the population consider "Prison" to be a good thing in general.

Now don't get me wrong, compared with our morality SA's legal system and laws are barbaric and terrible. However to suggest they are the same as ISIS is very very incorrect. 
The same people upvoting this comic are the same people who were against the war in Iraq, which was the only time we invaded a sovereign country run by an evil dictator for no real reason apart from the fact he was evil.

Unless, we're actually going to invade Saudi Arabia isn't it better to have friendly relations with them? (Selling them arms is going to far I'll give you that.)

And there would be no ISIS if the Saudis hadn't funded them.  Saudi Arabia is the global headquarters of Sunni Islamism.
Here's his cartoon on Cameron's Syria policy: https://i.imgur.com/msIQQZc.jpg
Really though, I'd take a headchop over the electric chair/poison any day. What should be questioned here is what crime you commited to deserve such a penalty.
What does it say about the US government.
Ah but are you as big a friend to the teenager that they wanted to crucify?
I get that you want to paint an imaginary enemy to deflect from the fact they are partly to blame but not wholly.
A nation can be an ally without being a friend. 
I don't understand why there's still confusion. These things are basically one in the same except one is formally recognized and sits on a resource the whole world uses still. Morality wise we shouldn't be allowing either to be continuing their heinous actions but in reality we can only attack one and not cause an uproar that affects the world financially. 
That sums it up perfectly...Bravo to this artist. 

Here's another good one.... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/4f/17/11/4f1711035c3ae4608f25cdea430a2d69.jpg
For all the good and bad the US in a crossfire or a bombing by groups opposed to Daesh.
IS are sawing off the heads of people who've done nothing wrong using a knife that is deliberately small to maximise the suffering involved.

Saudi executions are extremely quick compared to any other viable method, and probably the best execution method going. The head is off in milliseconds, with one blow. 

Just one of many reasons why this cartoon is grossly inaccurate.
Saudi Arabia, Friend of Democracy
Nail. Hit. Head.

I'm a Tory voter but I wish we'd not work with Saudi Arabia so much.
Wow, they both behead people!  What a revelation!
Another Friend and Ally of the UK has the death penalty also...

 ^(Hint for the non brits: it's the United States of America)
Is Saudi Arabia actively promoting and leading terroristic attacks in other countries?  As far as I can tell they put together some barbaric laws and punishments to run their country how they see fit.  This comic exploits obvious similarities but is still just more propaganda. 
Which cruel savage do the petroleum companies of *your* nation do business with?

 ,,, and how are *you* keeping warm this winter?  ... and how are you getting to work?
Kills one of ours =/= kills one of theirs in the scheme of politics unfortunately.
What could actually be done? As long as they have oil and we need oil we're fucked. 
Why can't there just be nice people in the Middle East. 
Its not a clash of ideology. Its not because they are different, IS is being bombed. Its because they are dangerous. They despise europe and america (rightly so, perhaps, but thats a different discussion. Basically the US and EU have interveened in middle eastern politics etc. for decades. Who likes that? Imagine Dubai sponsering a terrorist and/or rebel cell in your country, with the intent to throw over your government....) Anyway..

Saudi Arabia tends to mind their own buisness. Treated domestic crime the way they do. Thats their buisness. But compared to IS, who have laid a claim on every muslim and the entire middle east, as well as being open about terrorising Europe and America, i mean... Is it really hard to spot the difference?
M9 Crimson Web | Battle Scarred 200k no lowball = -rep +block 
DAE hate countries with different laws than us?

Nuke Brussels (le)iterally when?
I love cartoons.  Someone want to critique my effort?

Both groups act the same.  One has more oil wealth ergo international influence.

**ISIL**(left):

* contains foreign fighter(appearance like Jihadi John)
* supplied with western military equipment (boots)
* foreign hostage (political motive)
* hostage in Guantanamo style jumpsuit (political motive)

**Saudi Arabia**(right):

* Traditional dress &amp; weapon (traditional, status quo?)
* Larger weapon(more aggressive, greater threat)
* Native hostage (repressive regime, acts against its own people)
* hostage posture (downtrodden, oppression)

What is in a name our government give to people when the actions on the ground don't add up? :/

EDIT: Looks like my efforts in /r/pcukpolitics are bearing fruit. :)
Why the fuck does this subreddit have  &gt; 1 cm gap on the left side of the comments? How bad do you have to be at designing a subreddit?
Have been outside the UK for a little while now.

Are the UK press universally going at Corbyn over every little thing like I get the impression looking in? Do the general population think he's the red menace the Tory party seem to be pushing?
Well that's not fair, I mean, if he's going to cheat by actually caring about people how are other politicians supposed to compete with that?
And yet The Sun chooses to slam him for 'nodding' at the cenotaph...
Even his poppy leaf points to the Left. Bastard.

As a side note, the opening Image shows Tony (Iraq) Major (Iraq/Gulf), Cameron (Syria, Iraq cont. and a little bit of Afghanistan) and Jeremy (thinks killing people is stupid). On remembrance Sunday, who got the biggest grilling by the press? Men who have actively sent people to their death in unjust wars and then had the hypocrisy to go to a ceremony that has the general gist of 'this was a bad thing, we don't need war' or a chap trying to stop it happening again.

I was corrected: I think you mean Tony (Iraq &amp; Afghanistan) and Cameron (Libya).
He's gone too far this time. 
what a bastard, clapping as they walked past, possibly causing their hearing aids to make loud squeals in these poor veterans ears. worst....politician....ever.
I am not a fan of him as a politician or a fan of his party, but this media onslaught its just beyond ridiculous. It's bordering on childish, petty vengeance.
Why do people let this commie disrespect our veterans like that?
SHARE IF YOU THINK THIS IS A DISGRACE!!!
The cheek of it!
He's lost my vote. Backtracking on his promise to hate Britain... pfft. Typical politician...
I don't like Corbyn in the slightest, yet I still see no wrong doing here. Anyone care to explain?
Why does Tony Blair look miserable in every photo?

He used to have such a big smile.

I mean Brown always looked miserable, but if any thing he seems subtly happier since retiring.
Disgusting.
DID HE BOW?!
If there is any good that comes from all this bullshit, it is that growing numbers of people realise what utter twats the UK media can be.
[Tony Blair](https://i.imgur.com/J9woQ1M.png) trying his best to looks super-sad.
That son of a bitch. How dare he *snub* the VIP lunch
Caught? I doubt he was trying to hide it.
The whole thing with him "not bowing deeply enough" is fucking pathetic.
I bet he just want to give the Cenotaph the finger before he strutted away! It's utterly outrageous and disgraceful!
Probably got told by his hangers on that social media was blowing up over how far he bowed and decided to hang about in an attempt to counter the 'scandal'

 
The VIP lunch...
These articles are Corbyn propaganda with a victimhood theme. Only they've started to put real half truth's in them about the rest. 
I'm glad but not surprised to think that he can differentiate between respecting the sacrifice of servicemen and his moral stance against war, but put him in de-facto charge of the armed forces as PM? Not in a million years. Sometimes problems get addressed best from a UK perspective by delivering violence or the threat of violence elsewhere before it becomes violence here. He isn't capable of making that calculation. It's to his credit in some respects, but it prevents him from being plausible PM.
John McDonnell MP's response:
"I'm backing David Cameron on this one, he is absolutely right that his Chancellor's cuts to local government are seriously damaging our communities and have to be opposed. I welcome the Prime Minister as another Tory MP joining our campaign against George Osborne's cuts."
Why is it always assumed that "frontline services" are out there doing good work; whereas "back office" is a bunch of administrators that add no value?

e.g in the NHS surely we need back office staff or technology to do the admin to free up nurses/doctors? And we need managers to ensure most efficient use of assets and people?
Lol

&gt;DEAR IAN...’

&gt;As we made clear in the 2015 Conservative manifesto, every part of the public sector needs to continue to play their bit to help pay off the deficit, including local government.

&gt;I was disappointed at the long list of suggestions floated in the briefing note to make significant cuts to frontline services – from elderly day centres, to libraries, to museums.

&gt;This is in addition to the unwelcome and counter-productive proposals to close children’s centres across the county.

&gt;I would have hoped that Oxfordshire would instead be following the best practice of Conservative councils from across the country in making back-office savings and protecting the frontline.

&gt;Your briefing note suggested that £204m had been taken out of the budget since 2010... 

&gt;The fact of the matter is that spending has actually increased in recent years.

&gt;The briefing note made no mention of the work that could be done to generate savings in a more creative manner... this process is an opportunity for the council to review its public property, to dispose of surplus assets.

&gt;This is not just about councils – much can be done to [also] improve co-operation between blue light services.

&gt;I would be happy to initiate further dialogue with advisors in the No10 Policy Unit and yourself.

&gt;Yours,
&gt;David Cameron.
Oh my God. What a penny-dropping moment. It's like The Thick Of It but so much more depressing.
This is how divorced from the reality of their own actions the Prime Minister and much of his cabinet really are.  They take such a clinical view of economics that there's no room for the human impact austerity creates.  This indifference towards the lives of ordinary people runs through the veins of Tory party policy.  

Case in point: On Tuesday's edition of BBC Newsnight, the defence secretary Philip Hammond was directly asked about the artillery UK weapons manufacturers sold to Saudi Arabia, and the BBC's own investigation which revealed they had been used to commit war crimes in Yemen.  His response was to actually boast about the success of the British arms industry, completely side-stepping the devastating effect on ordinary people which the Saudi military's war is having.  They don't care because they don't know.  They live in a bubble where the only information they trust is fed to them by those whose job it is to shield them from any culpability.  

This is why Cameron is so oblivious as to the real-world impact his own policies are having on ordinary people.  He isn't an ordinary person.  He doesn't surround himself with ordinary people.  He has lived his entire life surrounded by ya-ya's.  He isn't being deliberately cruel.  He just has zero concept of how the vast majority of British people live their day to day lives.  

When he was a boy, he didn't have to hide in his bedroom while mummy and daddy argued about money.  When he was a teenager he didn't have to get a Saturday job in Woolworths, and work a paper-round on Sunday mornings, just so he could save up for a knackered old car no-one else wanted.  When he was a student he didn't have to borrow books from the library, that contained out of date information, just so he could muddle through his A-Levels.  He hasn't had to start at the bottom in anything he's ever done, and he has no empathy or solidarity with anyone who has.

And yet he is the leader of our country.  He is the man who goes to an indifferent Europe, with a papier-mâché list of meaningless demands, and with a straight face expects the Germans and the French to give a hoot what he says or does about anything.  We are the laughing stock of the world because of these people — and yet they have the brass neck to conduct themselves as if they're the ones who call the shots.  They don't.  We do - and it's about time we got these insulated, self-serving, myopic, incompetent, turd-sniffing lizards out of government once and for all.

The media isn't going to hold them to account, so we must.  The Westminster machine isn't going to stop them from doing whatever they want, so we must.  Murdoch "journalists" aren't going to tell Barry the bricklayer that he has been sold a lie, when he openly airs the opinion they have fed to him, that Osborne's cuts are "difficult choices that have to be made", so we must.  It starts with person to person conversations, with our friends and family, about the stories only those of us who have long since stopped relying on the BBC and ITN to tell us the truth know anything about.  David Dimbleby isn't going to miraculously start finding a spare 5 minutes at the end of Question Time, for the real questions to be asked, much less answered.  The ruling class doesn't care about that.  They care about themselves, and nothing else.

"They don't want an informed electorate, they want obedient workers." - George Carlin

We have to get rid of this lot all by ourselves.  And if you think for one minute that we are in the minority, and that we cannot make a difference, look at what we have already achieved.  We have a man who has opposed the rightwing agenda all of his political life leading the biggest worker's party in the country.  He has appointed a shadow chancellor who is ready willing and able to enact an alternative economic agenda of precisely the kind which has saved Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Iceland, and Finland from having to cut a single penny from public services.  We have less than 5 years to get him in Number 11 Downing Street.  This job starts now.  Not next week when you have five minutes, NOW!  Do something!

Don't believe what the ruling elite are telling you about Jeremy Corbyn.  Look at what the man himself has actually said and done.  Look at how The Sun hates him for this.  Look at how the Daily Mail, headquartered overseas to avoid paying UK tax, has attacked everything he has said he will do once he is in Number 10.  Why do you think that is?  Why do you think they are so frightened of having a party in power that represents ordinary working people?  

The snoopers charter.  The welfare reform bill.  The bedroom tax.  Failing schools local authorities are powerless to close.  Tax cuts for the rich paid for by the poor.  A work and pensions minister who wants to put Job Centre staff in food banks.  A Prime Minister who thinks £72 million is a "small decrease" in a council's budget.  A Prime Minister who equates people fleeing a cilvil war with a swarm of insects.  A home secretary who considers the human rights act a hinderance.  Policy advisors who who don't know how internet encryption works.  A civil service who began their political careers inducting one-another into exclusive dining societies by defiling dead animals, who consider the act of burning money in front of homeless people "student hijinks".  

What more evidence do you need to convince you that these people don't care about you?  What else has to come to light, before you stop defending these people, when those on the receiving end of their most wicked actions feel as if they have no alternative but to protest in the streets, or go on strike?  How blatant do the Conservatives have to be, in their attempts to decouple workers unions from Labour Party affiliation, before you stop to realise you and your family are next on the list?

This is our country.  Not theirs.  And it's about time we took it back from the criminals who own the Conservative party once and for all.
Picked up by the independent, http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/david-cameron-clashes-with-conservative-controlled-oxfordshire-council-over-cuts-to-frontline-a6729616.html 
This is really sad and shocking. 

I think it should get loads of coverage and be a matter of concern for all. 

Ignorance or cognitive dissonance, take your pick! 
Certain demographics making sacrifices for The Greater Good, reminds me of a certain ideology...
Tory voter here, and yeah, that letter is fucking terrible.

I mean, it starts with "paying off the deficit"... what?
I wonder if all the people who were telling me David Cameron is **A Very Intelligent Man** would like to have some of their words back?
And the penny drops. 
"A Labour shadow minister, Jon Ashworth, rebuked the Prime Minister on Thursday and alleged that he had breached the ministerial code by conflating his government role with that of a constituency MP.":

http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/11/12/david-cameron-cuts-letter-questioning-mps-oxfordshire_n_8541282.html?1447320229&amp;ncid=tweetlnkushpmg00000067
I posted it as a separate link, but thought it'd be worth posting here - Hudspeth on the radio! http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p035m2mb

2 hours and 3 minutes in, pretty much.
Cuts?
Yeah, worked in local government years ago, every year was cut, cut, cut ... where does it end ?
Let them eat cake!
I know that The Left like to talk about how cuts affect people, but let's be frank: People who voted Tory don't care and neither does the Tory party.  

The election promise was to balance the books.  Councils having money cut?  Doesn't matter - they spent too much anyway or they were wasteful or they were inefficient or the free money given out gives people lavish lifestyles they don't deserve.

If you wanted a government to work out how much help each segment of the population (and businesses) needed, then created a tax system to match that then you didn't have a single option of a vote at the GE.
&gt;untold consequences for children, the elderly and people who have mental health problems.

So the council suggested some ways to save money, Cameron suggested some alternative ways and a Guardian blogger overreacted with emotional arguments. Boohoo, wont somebody please think of the children? 
[Those spending cuts in full](http://i.imgur.com/ifQPy8F.png)
&gt; Tories give money to friends

An alternative title of most news reports these days.
Not only environmentally dangerous, but economically illiterate. The coal industry alone is just in chaos, because no companies can extract profit from it. Shale and CBM/CSG are the same; there's no profit in these industries, just environmental destruction. When I worked at a fossil fuel B2B magazine - World Coal - pretty much every issue was dominated by industry professionals talking about how the 'slump' which started in 2008 was just about to get better. But it never did. Wood Mackenzie were in line for being sued because they kept predicting China would be able to take up the slack and increase demand, despite Chinese demand continually dipping year on year. The coal industry is dead, but it refuses to die because it has its hands in the pockets of most Western politicians. And we don't even support our own coal industry - with the last few UK coal mines all set to close down for good (with the exception of one intriguing co-operative mining project). Rather these subsidies just support massive mining corporations and power plants that are usually run by other states (or at least have a big foreign state stake in them). I think it was the Austrian government who pointed out that our support for foreign state companies is actually an infringement on state aid rules...

The Nature paper estimates that a third of the world’s oil reserves, half its gas reserves and 80% of its coal reserves must be left untouched to avert extremely dangerous levels of global warming. 2C is dangerous enough; at present we are on course for around 5C by the time the century ends, with no obvious end in sight beyond 2100.

Subsidies for fossil fuels are clearly not the way to go. "Wrapped up in this story is everything that’s wrong with the way our economy works. Corporations ream the land with giant holes, extract a stack of money, then clear out, leaving other people with the costs. There’s a briefer description: legalised theft." http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/apr/28/big-coal-keep-it-in-the-ground-energy-opencast-mines 
Don't forget they are also subsidising nuclear : giving sweetheart contracts to EDF to pay double the going rate for power generated by Hinkley Point and maybe Sizewell too, linked to the consumer price index.
Altogether now 

&gt; greenest government ever
What a disingenous article, but not surprising from the Guardian.

Oil and gas operators' profits are taxed at ~75%. Do we think of Tesco receiving a ~55% corporation tax subsidy compared to an oil company? Private equity will only tolerate so much risk; as the oil price has fallen the return on investment in a lot of these fields is low. What's wrong with lowering the taxes to encourage investment?

It's a lot different from the government guaranteeing the price per kWh for nuclear or renewables. The equivalent would be the goverment guaranteeing a price of $100/barrel for the life of the field, which isn't happening.
Although with a bit of a slant. Surely a lot of the handouts are because if the industry goes under, a LOT of people will lose their jobs, so it's more of a handout to keep people employed. Having said that, the lack of support for green energy is getting quite disturbing, there was a newspaper article a few months ago about how the SNP ins Scotland were spending too much money on green energy, governments are all over the place with regards to it.
While I'm not a fan of the tories, stories like this annoy me. A subsidy is an amount of money paid, what they are really talking about is a tax break. No money is going out. It's like that idiot thing where they call cutting a certain benefit a 'bedroom tax'. It's not a tax because money is not being collected. Yeah I know, media gotta sensationalise.

Edit: Ok, I have been convinced I'm wrong
A Labour government would have given more in subsidies with Milibands promise to freeze bills. Just saying.
What is their reasoning for doing this?
Seems like they're trying to keep the oil price down. A rise would really scupper their austerity plans.
I would add to the con list that it doesn't address the root causes for ISIS.  There was Al Qaeda before, now ISIS.  

If we obliterate ISIS without looking into the causes  we will just be waiting for the next group to come along. 
Balance from based economist.

Anyway, I think point 2 on pro is one that speaks pretty powerfully against the 'they want us to' argument.

Also to 1 con, I think it's important to note that not part of the plan currently limits it just to bombing. Where Britian really can make a difference is in part on the diplomatic state. But very importantly in using the international aid budget to hopefully start reconstructing Syria.

Also con 9 will happen anyway. 

Con 2 to me is the best argument, though its hard to imagine how we will start to affect the on the ground actions of the Kurds and the non IS non AN sunnis without involvement of military force.

Edit: I think its also important to note, and being COMPLETELY left out of the political discussion at the moment, that *we are already sending on the RAF on missions to engage IS targets in Iraq*. The big difference there is its a lot easier to work with the Iraq government as an actor.

So yeah, who we work with on the ground is the big 'con'. 
I feel like 'con #10' is actually a very important issue that is not being spoken about enough in Westminster
How many of the Pros can be achieved without bombing (political &amp; financial)? Most of them in my opinion. 
It's a pretty horrible situation. We'd need an occupation of their land by friendly troops to reform the country. 
Con 2 and 6 are really the most important ones that really need to be addressed before we do anything. 

We can weaken ISIS and fund other groups like the Kurds, who want independence from Turkey and are willing to fight for it, or like Assad's regime, who is arguably just as bad or worse than ISIS, so even from just having ISIS loose influence there are still so many other factions involved. Someone is going to have to be on top, pretty much any of the choices seem like they will result in more blood though. We need to figure out who or what is going to govern Syria and other parts of the Middle East before we remove any powers, good or bad, from it now. 
Counters to the cons:

1. Britain alone is not alone the answer to the Syria problem but by having the UK involved in bombing, it allows for little let up in strikes which IS can currently use to move locations. In addition, if RAF surveillance (that is currently active in Syria) identifies a time limited target, it will be able to swiftly take out the target. 

2. There are already talks underway with Kurds and Sunnis in getting a coordinated force together, as well as a truce amongst many of the Syrian rebel factions. Given the strength of British diplomacy, this being achieved isn't actually as far away as one may think. I also wouldn't be surprised if a coalition of ground forces from Western and Arab nations was formed.

3. Strikes by the West will be conducted in coordination with the rebel forces. They will likely be the ground forces that secure land after the airstrikes. Mission creep may also mean that coalition forces use their air power to protect recaptured territory.

4. UK airspace is already more crowded with commercial flights. Few commercial planes will fly over a war zone. A few dozen war planes will make little difference to a scarcely filled airspace over Syria. Not to mention the fact that we'll be working with other countries to map out sorties and flight paths. 

5. If the UNSC votes in favour of using "all necessary measures" that pretty much implies Charter 7. Those saying we shouldn't because it doesn't explicitly say are just using it as an excuse to not enter the fight.

6. Talks in Vienna area already working on a post-conflict resolution. These are involving many different parties, including the Russians, who will use their persuasion on Assad. Putin himself has said there will need to be a transitional government and Assad's fate should be decided by the ballot box - a step in the right direction.

7.  Any military action runs the risk of collateral damage but the point of Britain joining the strikes is that our Brimstone missiles are more accurate that any other countries missiles. So far, in Iraq, there have been no civilian casualties as the result of British airstrikes. The UK has a lot more stringent protocols in place before being allowed to engage a target.

8. More airstrikes may result in more people fleeing but the UK is pumping in millions into refugee camps on the Syrian borders. Moreover, with the territory that ground forces take back from IS, people will be able to start to move back quicker and rebuild their lives.

9. Britain is already a target. The threat level is already at severe. Radicalisation is caused by many factors and our action in the Middle East is only a small part of that. In fact, many British Muslims are supportive of action because they feel IS is portraying their faith incorrectly. 

10. A YouGov poll showed that 51% supported British action alone in Syria and that rose to 59% when part of a coalition. 
Cons 7. Enough said.
4 is a con? Really? That makes no sense.

Syrias air space is in no way "crowded" haha. That's a bad one. Plus, even if it was crowded (Even though it isn't), what would that have to do with Turkey shooting down the Russian plane? We all know Turkey did that, because Russia was targeting rebel forces that Turkey personally trains, arms and funds.

Also, surely 7 (con) is hypocritical? Not bombing IS will allow those to survive that we could have killed, but we was not there to kill them and they could go on to kill hundreds more than we have killed. 

Also, 6 (con), previous interventions have also proven useful. Afghanistan intervention worked for the large part (but recently Taliban are making an appearance), the locals had their farms protected and many began moving into towns the Taliban used as training camps. Just because we got Iraq wrong doesn't mean all interventions from now on are forever worthless. I don't see how just leaving the place to collapse in on itself and not intervening could EVER succeed, but I know for certain with intervention we have a chance to succeed, God, we fail once and then everybody in this country gives up.
The simple fact is we can not trust the British government not to exceed the mandate this vote gives to them.

This will "accidentally" (i.e completely pre planned) "mission creep" (i.e. do what exactly what the wanted to do in september 2013) and start bombing the Syrian Arab Army. If you can't trust your government you must do everything you can to deny them the mandate to bomb Syria.
They won't fight on our terms. It would be great if they turned up as an army somewhere as that's nice and bombable. Trouble is they will probably do a Taliban and sink into the background. Soldiers would be going door to door asking "are you Isis?". Like in Afghanistan they would use the soldiers to eliminate old rivals and settle family scores by pointing fingers. They can wait us out while blowing up the odd troop carrier. 

Meanwhile London commuters will suffer the lottery of retaliation.
Con number 9 needs to be at the top of this list. There has been enough death recently and murdering more people isn't going to solve anything.
I think the important questions is whether bombing Syria will defeat ISIS. Although there's more to it than that. What do we do if we do defeat them? Is there a plan for stabilising the region? Is it a plan that works?
Assad is an elected, legimitate and ironically the most secular president in the region. He has been fighting foreign jihadist mercaneries for years with overwhelming popular backing, and he deserves every bit of support and credit for that. I am baffled to see how people are still entertaining all this propaganda against him.
I think a "yes" or "no" is a bit too narrow. I would support bombings so long as the chance of civilian casualties were minimal, the targets were solely IS strongholds and oil production facilities/supply lines, only used when absolutely necessary. Although the past has taught us that when bombs start flying civilians get hurt, and their hatred for the west grows. A more fleshed out long term plan is necessary before committing forces.

Although I'm not a general or politician with expertise in this, so what do I know? I just don't want to hear about how we bombed a busy market square and killed 200 people by accident. 
It makes no sense to bomb terrorists abroad when terrorists are in this country.
I believe we just need to send ground troops, yeah it will be messy but if we want to see ISIS the state destroyed in the next few years, I feel it's going to take alot more than just a pray and spray with bombs.
Nice to see something that doesn't pretend the choice is a simple or easy one to make.
Con 11. Bombing is terrorism. We would lose our already non-existant moral high ground.
Says a lot about the Economist and its readership that they think issues like this can be reduced to bulletpoints. 
They're just preparing us to accept a massive UN army. 
[deleted]
The you are getting deselected face. 
He's gonna get trotskyed
Are we really going to start talking about individual frames like they mean something?
&gt;I can hear your father turning in his grave
It's gotta be emasculating sitting there watching your possible successor argue against your position from your box.
Someone should send this to r/photoshopbattles
http://i.imgur.com/IX8Ij9K.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/2E7p4m2.jpg
I am guessing he is thinking "How different from your father you really are". Corbyn [has much respect for Tony Benn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mepjbPtw44w) and shares the same morals and integrity he did.
He isn't looking at him ffs. He is looking over Benn's left shoulder 
'I'm killing you in my mind right now'
Can't stop Benn dropping truth bombs
He's not even looking at him..
Looks more like a pet lip.
[Cain Velasquez vs Junior dos Santos 3](http://i.imgur.com/MklYqz2.jpg)

Corbyn must have been angry.
As a 17 year old who got to vote in the independence referendum last year I'm not really sure what to think of this. On the one hand, it was nice voting last year, and I'm looking forward to voting in the Scottish election next May if powers over voting age are devolved in time (which they probably will), so on a personal level I'm all for lowering the voting age even though I'll probably be 18 anyway by the time the EU referendum happens. 

But on the other hand, I don't know if there's enough political involvement/interest among 16 and 17 as a whole to make it worthwhile allowing them to vote. If it is eventually lowered for all elections, then there should be more education in school about UK politics in some form so that they're properly aware of how their vote can affect things and where to go to research. For example, in first and second year high school when we're given 2 or 3 periods a week of each available class before we're allowed to choose our own timetable, one of the topics covered in modern studies could be UK politics. I don't know what curriculums are like elsewhere in the UK but that could certainly be done here in Scotland.
Doesn't mean anything unless the democratically elected parliament passes it.
No chance this will remain in the Bill.
This will no doubt benefit the remain camp
This makes a 2017 referendum a certainty I believe, because there will need to be a significant lead time to ensure all 16 and 17 year olds (and those coming up to 16) can register.

It also sets a precedent and may lead to lowering the voting age at Parliamentary elections too.
Hopefully it will be overturned by the commons. 

Experts have said the process of registering the new voters could delay the referendum up to a year, so that would be good excuse not to allow 16 and 17-year-olds to vote. 
A vote for no is a vote for a free hoe

GET IN DER LADZ
Good - It is their future
I think its good us 16+ year olds getting to vote on leaving the EU after all its our futures, sureley we should get a say because its going to effect us the most
The worst part about this is that both sides in the campaign will try and appeal to this new demographic, hence dumbing down the entire thing more than it already was set to be.
Oh god why. I'm 16 years old myself, but a large majority of my fellows know little to nothing about the upcoming referendum, or care at all for that matter. 

Most will probably just vote in allegiance with their parents, or, most likely, not vote at all - why should they care? Nandos is far more important..  
For fucks sake, as a 17yr old, I really, *really* hope this fails. The political ignorance among 16/17yr olds, on both sides is astonishing.

You could say the same about adults, but why make a bad problem worse?
Great paragraph from Farron's Telegraph article this morning:

&gt;  It is striking that the same people who argue people that generations of Brits "haven’t had a say" on the EU are now opposed to giving 16 year olds the right to vote. They seem to want democracy, but only the kind they like – or think will get the result they want. 
i'm torn about this, at the scottish referendum i benefited from 16 and 17 year old getting the votes, but most of my peers who had no clue about politics voted for their parents political beliefs not their own, i know rangers fans who voted "no" cause they are a british clubs and i know celtic fans who voted no because they thought they are irish. 

but one thing it did do was encourage debate in the young people in Scotland, hopefully it can do the same with the young in England who i believe have he lowest turnout of any group.
I hope we leave the eu once and for all.
It really needs to be an all or nothing thing, 16 is the voting age or it is not, not on some things but not others.
Such an outrageous abuse of our supposed democracy that they can push for anything. Music Mogul Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber was able (in the house of Lords) to vote on the highly controversial tax credit issue a few weeks back. RIght now I'm ashamed to be part of a country that has people who can buy or inherit a Lordship. An abomination. 
There is no argument for gerrymandering a specific one-off UK referendum. Especially to enable the vote to 16 year olds. A disgrace. 
Oh for fucks sake, as a massively politically active 16 year old i don't want a vote through fear some of my peers do.  Lots are uneducated fools whom i would not want getting a say in their sandwich filling let alone the fucking eu membership
I want the Queen herself to say no. That would be nice. Hopefully the Commons has the sense to reverse this daft idea of letting schoolchildren vote in something which could seriously affect the nation.
Shameful gerrymandering there.
Utterly disgraceful and pure cynicism. 
16 and 17 year olds, seems a bit crazy.
anyone know where i could watch a replay of the debate?
Does this not show how ridiculous it is to have an unelected 2nd chamber? The Tories have a majority in the commons and were the lords elected the Tories would presumably have a majority there also. The fact that the unelected Labour lords are attempting to undermine the elected government is ridiculous and needs to be addressed. 
Much like with the tax credits fiasco, the House of Lords has shown why they are needed. I don't know how much electing them would mess with success... They've been completely correct in the last two decisions and I'd rather not mess with that
YAY! 
Absolutely ridiculous. Of course there are intelligent 16 year olds with an interest in politics but there has to be a cut-off somewhere and that point should be 18, an adult. This is just discriminating against intelligent 13 year olds and 6 year old polymaths.
Why not? A 16 year old isn't going to vote for something based on reasons any more stupid than the reasons adults vote, let's be honest.


16 year olds - can't be trusted with their own bodies enough to buy booze or fags, but can be trusted with the future of the country.
With lowering the voting age I'm worried that it could result in a lot of parents' votes being doubled. 

But I completely agree with the counter argument that we already allow lots of people to vote who don't form their own opinions or vote based upon tribalism. 

If it was up to me then maybe I'd lower it to 17. That way everyone who votes has at least completed standard education. 
How about UK citizens living in the EU, who left the UK more than 15 years ago?
This doesn't actually count does it ?

The Lords are just there to rubber stamp Parliament legislation (or make them ammed it) are they not and this is just a meaningless vote ?   
I would oppose it personally. If we voted to stay in the EU the automatic get-out would be that it was fiddled because 16-18 year olds are more likely to be pro-EU.
Not officially old enough to leave school and be deemed "educated" by the state but old enough to vote on our EU membership?

I'm somewhat skeptical.
Do the Lib Dems think they can get away with this for nothing. They are going to suffer immensely now I would imagine. 
I'm of two minds on this

-Old enough to have kids, you should have a say in how your nation is run if you can legally raise a family

-Holy fuck, with the nanny state babying this age group they're fucking ignorant as shit. Don't let them vote. 

EDIT: Any reason for the downvoting? or can I chalk it up to hurt feelings?
If they vote in this they have to be able to vote on anything else, otherwise it's just making a mockery of democracy, changing the rules to suit themselves.  Or is it just the IN side blatantly think that the young voters will do whatever the LibLabCons tell them to?  

Voting at the age of 16 or 17 is quite rare in public elections around the world.  [Only around 13 countries allow it, including bizarrely, North Korea.](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/ampp3d/should-uk-16-year-olds-4317273)
If they want to lower the voting age, why limit it to 16 and 17 year olds? What's wrong with 15 or 14 or 13 year olds?
This won't fucking pass. If it does then the lords can look forward to something nasty happening to them, commons doesn't like it when the unelected body starts devising things 
this is a good thing
This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
&gt; But the unelected house has so much expertise though!
Unbelievably stupid.



Now we need to allow 14 and 15 year olds to vote otherwise we're denying them their human rights.
This is only a good thing.
Old enough to be incarcerated = old enough to vote.

Young people tend to lean more to the left too, so we might actually get an intelligent result.
That is the most overwhelming vote in favour of action I can ever remember. Hunt won't be able to use the usual lines following a positive strike ballot, i.e. only a minority of the membership voted for it.
To the people worried about patient safety in the event of a strike, this article is definitely worth a read. Every consultant I've spoken to has been largely in favour of junior doctors and will be answering their bleeps for them on the days of strike action.

http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/dr-zoe-norris/junior-doctors-stirke_b_8592360.html
While I support the ability to strike and whatnot, I almost never agree with specific executions of the ability that I've seen, like with the tube strikes in London. But for this, I'm definitely in support of the Doctors - it'll be interesting to be on the other side of the argument for once.
According to the BMW there was a 76% turnout with 99.4% backing action short of a strike and  98% backing a full strike. 

However the BMW is still willing to engage in talks via ACAS. 
I 100% support the doctors in this. 
I'm not one that usually favours strikes (Tube strikes etc.) but this one I can completely get behind. The NHS does a brilliant job the majority of the time but for it to improve it needs happy staff with better working conditions.
The Empire Strikes Back Overwhelmingly
I just have a question hopefully someone can answer for me. During PMQs Cameron said they would guarantee anyone working legal hours will not earn less money. What does he mean by this? What are legal hours, and what's the catch here (I'm sure there is one otherwise doctors wouldn't be striking). This statement would suggest they won't lose any money but I doubt this is the case at all. Is he just referring to basic pay? 

Cheers

Surely Hunt will have lost all credibility if junior doctors are forced to go on strike? 

He's a rather toxic figure already, maybe it would be best if he stepped down now and let someone else try and properly negotiate with the doctors. 
Hunt must go. He hasn't been fair at any step of the way in this.
Go on Tories cover this strike with temporary workers you contemptible pieces of shit. 

Before you all get on your high horse the Tories are putting people's lives at risk for political ideology.

This is a step too far they pursue the state shrinking agenda irrespective of the damage they cause, if they want to privatise the health service they should have private options in place to cover the shortfall before decimating the NHS
I hope the government lose this battle so overwhelmingly that they cannot continue this poisonous path towards privatisation. The NHS is struggling because it requires more funding or society to agree to change our spending priorities. Personally I believe we should spend less on end of life care.
Just fucking leave the NHS only you heartless bastards. Anyone with a brain can see what the Tories are trying to do. Stretch the NHS to the max, claim it's struggling and needs to be replaced, privatise it.

Bastards the lot of them.
This would have easily made it past the proposed turnout requirements. So it can be done.
No one is coming out in favour of the proposed changes. Not even Hunt's colleagues. I feel that he is being hung out to dry on this. 

The fundamental basis for people supporting the strike, in my mind, is the fact that the Junior Doctors (generally, not a GP or a consultant) are being forced into a wage cut and to work more unsociable hours.

I wholeheartedly believe that the reforms will not be enacted and Hunt will be taken out of the spotlight as his name has been tarnished irrevocably. 
I remember during Question Time the audience seemed to be widely supportive of the junior doctors plight when it was debated. 

I wonder just how long that support will hold up once stories start to come out about kids/elderly not receiving treatment in hospitals due to strike action. 

Far easier to support something before the human impact vox pops start appearing. :|
I wish they could let me write more as I can write a book on how much the NHS has come to my aid. The only thing the NHS hasn't done for me, is delivery me into this world. I wasn't born in an NHS hospital, I was born in a military hospital in Washington DC. My dad had to pay £500 to deliver me and that was with his navy discount. I must be due the NHS a few million. I don't want a US system.
We should take these sort of important decisions about junior doctors pay out of the hands of politicians. By privatising the NHS.
This might end in a replacement with a name that doesn't rhyme with cunt. Possibly a useful solution for both sides. Hopefully one that doesn't believe in Homoeopathy. 
I disagree with defunding the NHS and would rather that taxes be levied on the rich to pay for shortfalls, but this is a mistake. Strike action is never viewed favourably by the British electorate, and unions don't work against the Tory party. The best one can hope for is a u-turn by the Tories before the strike takes place, but I can't see that happening anytime soon.

What will the BMA's response be when the stats come out showing that deaths were above normal levels on that day?
Fucking BBC headline writers.  I read this as junior doctors backing (air)strikes in Syria.

Can't they just say "strike action" and make space for one fucking word for clarity?

Thank you.
98% in favour of strikes, 99% in favour of action stopping just short of strikes but only 75% of them voted. Typical journalist mathematics at work again.
I thought it wasn't all about the money and was actually about patient care?

Who'd have thought that when someone tries to tell you it's not all about the money it turns out to be all about the money.
[deleted]
These threads get brigaded so hard by the junior doctors. Why would any member of the public want to pay more for a service than they need to?
This is just flat out wrong. America, France and the UK have reiterated that Assad must go.

As for Putin, there has been some talk of cooperation. But just recently the Americans released an official statement, saying that Russia is targeting non-IS opposition, and that should stop.

There is plenty to criticise in the weakness that allowed Putin, Assad and Khomeini to jump into bed in the first place, but we aren't working with Assad (despite the best efforts of some politicians on both left and right).
What's the significance of the notebook on Assad's thigh?
Looks like it's Corbyn's bloody fault for everything then.
Now imagine the headlines if he hadn't allowed a free vote
Seem to be impossible to go a day without seeing Corbyn slandered in someway or another. I've been so apathetic towards him for so long, but I constantly find myself defending  him in the name of honesty and discussion. Does this make me a Corbyn supporter? I just don't want lies and bullshit. Regardless of who it's aimed at.
Yeah, I was surprised by the Metro headline today. Made it sound like he was the one giving the orders to go ahead.
thanksCorbyn
Damned if he does, damned if he doesn't. Don't both reading that trash.
The guardian are reporting that Cameron has called Corbyn a terrorist sympathiser.
Absolute fucking insane absurdity. 
I can see one of two scenarios happening. 

1. The bombings are great success and ISIS is never heard from again. Corbyn is vilified for not wanting the war. 

1. The bombings are a total disaster and there are now daily terrorist attacks in the UK thanks all the Muslims we have radicalised. Corbyn is vilified for allowing a free vote. 
Looks like it's all Corbyn's fault ~~if we bomb Syria~~ then.

You're getting the hang of it now, you should write for a newspaper.
That bastard has invisible blood on his hands!

At this point David Cameron could stomp a kitten to death on live TV and the papers the next day would all attack Corbyn for failing to stop him.
When will this man get a bloody break! Some of our newspapers are a joke... 
Well I mean as he's literally Stalin he has to go to war, right?

/s
[**@TheMediaTweets**](https://twitter.com/TheMediaTweets):
&gt;[2015-11-30 22:47:33 UTC](https://twitter.com/TheMediaTweets/status/671460586195152896)

&gt;Looks like it's all Corbyn's fault if we bomb Syria then \(...and definitely not those MPs who vote to do so\)... [*pic.twitter.com*](https://t.co/Re8gOpxc4L)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3v041y%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Absolutely hilarious, the plebs will continue buying the narrative.
In fairness, he's done a fucking terrible job of opposition. Instead of infighting and his shadow cabinet talking all sorts of shit, they could have delivered clear reasons not to bomb and provided some alternative. As it is, he whines a bit about bombs being nasty and doesn't propose anything new (negotiation, cutting oil trades etc... like nobody thought of these!) All the while, his shadow cabinet can't seem to agree with him and keep saying all sorts of ridiculous things, showing that they're even more out of touch than the Tories. 
Well this certainly is a surprise now isn't it?
It is not Corbyn's fault. This is coming from someone who dislikes his policies and most of his ideas. I am a pacifist myself, so I do side with him on this. 

It will be the fault of the MPs who vote for it. Perhaps Corbyn could have two line(?) whipped the vote, but I doubt the PLP would have followed their leader. 

The blame will not fall with Corbyn - it will fall with the PLP members or vote in favour. 
Corbyn is been taken to the cleaners by Modern Politics™. While I would typically support a politians trying to break out of the current model, he just doesn't have the substance to stand up to it.

Instead he's getting exposed for what he is, weak and incompetent. His policies when exposed are not supported by the population and do not solve problems. All he does is complain and not give true answers.

It's a shame, a good strong politician could be dismantling the Conservatives right now. Instead they're laughing themselves to the next election.
He has the power of giving the whip to his MPs no?

He gave a free vote. Simple. 
The entirely random sample of two papers (those being the Mail and the Express), vaguely elude to this conclusion.

This is what we call confirmation bias kids, with a not-too-subtle hint of a victim complex.
Hard to deny he made a horrible political mess of it - if he had made the decision a week ago he would be blameless..  for a career politician I would have expected him to be better at politics.
Viewing this and other newspapers of the day, it seems that the general tone across the media is not one of blaming Corbyn once again. Iirc the Daily Express is an outlier among the papers in that it doesn't support airstrikes.
So all the labour folk now know how the kippers felt running up to election. 
^^^morality
Regarding the bias people hold for or against Hitchens, I think it would be interesting for the sub to post some articles by him or other journalists incognito in text posts, without revealing their author.
I am typically not a big fan of Peter Hitchens so it is surprising to find myself agreeing with every word of this article.

Promises of an 'uncompromising' and 'merciless' response are so dispiriting.
All interventions are not Iraq.
When a left winger agrees with something a right winger says, how many internet points do the right wingers on this board score. Is it more than 10?
More people need to discuss Saudi Arabia, it's about time we started calling a spade a spade. As Hitchens points out their connections to 9/11 are rarely mentioned. Saudi Arabia has been exporting Wahhabism across the globe for some time, and ISIS/al-Qaeda et al are the spawn of this; it's time we stopped treating it as an ally and as more of an unfortunate business partner - attempting to cut off its global reach. The fact that the Saudi Ambassador to the UN is Chair of the UN Human Rights Council would be hilarious if it wasn't potent. 
*Prepares for the 'I'm not a fan of Hitchens but...' comments that appear on most of his articles here*
I'm glad Hitchens has started to understand the left view a bit better. This is not a new set of arguments, they've been made since 9/11 if not before with relation to Northern Ireland.

A couple of points that go beyond:

&gt; For the moment, our fanatical foes do not have drones of their own. One day, they will.

I expect we'll see a terrorist drone attack within 18 months, if not 12 months or sooner. Larger drones are well equipped to carry an explosive payload. The only thing that might prevent this is that within the crazy minds of IS, human sacrifice, martyrdom is an essential element of the attack.

&gt; these things would still be hard to prevent if we turned ourselves into a totalitarian state of surveillance, identity cards, perpetual searches of the innocent – like going through an airport, only all the time.

&gt; They don’t work by our rules. They can stay off, or below, our grid. They don’t mind if they die. They will get through.

Indeed, and it's why the surveillance laws that are being drafted all around the World don't help us even slightly. New laws came in 6 months ago in France, it didn't help.

Reports suggest that one of the attackers attempted to enter the stadium and when the explosive vest was spotted, he just backed away and exploded it. You can't defeat people like that with identity cards, increased police powers, increased internet surveillance or tougher airport security.

You have to do a cause/effect analysis and ask hard questions of the people who put the ideas into their head that this was acceptable.

And when you do, you will realise that launching merciless attacks is only going to create more people like them. They want us to react with violence and death, our reaction furthers their cause.

They aren't Nazis. We can't beat them with Dresden-style bombing. We can't use techniques that worked 70 years ago. We need to find another way.

These are not new arguments, but they're new from the Daily Mail and the right. I hope they start to spread through our collective thinking as a society.
Oh Peter, you're trying to reason with the unreasonable... At least you tried, I suppose.
&gt;Could we please skip the empty bravado?

Indeed. We're not going to do anything about it so why even pretend? Can we skip the hashtagging and facebook banners too? It's rather pitiful.

&gt;Few can be sorry at the death of Mohammed Emwazi (the so-called ‘Jihadi John’), but what precedents are we setting?

That it's OK for the USA to kill enemy combatants in war? Seriously there is nothing at all remarkable or new about how Emwazi was killed.
Hitchens on the money again.
&gt; Right now, the apology for terror, the liberal self-loathing that says ‘Of course they attack us’, is sporadic. It’s in the Guardian commentary arguing that such attacks are a product of ‘high youth unemployment’ and ‘racist discrimination against Arabs and Africans [in France]’, a foul racist argument masquerading as progressive empathy, which implies that such Arabs and Africans are so lacking in the moral autonomy enjoyed by us well-educated whites that they have no choice but to gun down scores of people as a kneejerk, Pavlovian response to individual difficulty. It’s a warped line of argument which has no answer whatsoever for why earlier generations of the unemployed or racially demeaned did not take hostage youths at a rock concert and then massacre them.

http://www.spiked-online.com/newsite/article/after-paris/17631#.VkhsdctBvqA
Needed article off Hitchens, especially in the Mail.
Can we just say we agree with his viewpoint instead of reinforcing the fact that you don't agree with him 99%of the time. We get it. 
&gt; France – our closest neighbour

Might want to check a map there Peter.
Shit the daily mail publishes the voice of reason, and its Peter Hitchens?


WHAT IS THE WORLD COMING TO?
He is a right wing firebrand, but just as articulate and eloquent as his late brother. His politics are not mine (again, see his late brother), but he is convincing, and derides the base and unthinking elements of the Daily Mail crowd. I will always make time to be challenged by him. Having said that, this article did not challenge me - I agreed completely with it.
Hitchens is insightful as always, but on a side note, scrolling down to the comments as ever makes me wonder why he writes for the Mail. It seems detached from what he would endorse.
I tend to disagree with  everything this man says but this is the best commentary on the nonsense that's come with these attacks. People asking for us to steam roll entire nations and jump in head first.

This is what people forget about 9/11. People love to shout for Bush and Blair to face war crimes incessantly yet they forget they were the people shouting the same thing about Iraq.
So, Peter Hitchens follows me on Twitter? 
First time I've ever seen Peter Hitchens get called a 'bleeding heart muppet'. I think I disagree with him here though, slightly. He seems opposed to action in the middle east, but everything about pretending to uphold justice while things like Guantanamo exist are spot on.
Top comment.

&gt;Dreadful article. You couldn't be more wrong. Lack of action has got us here and you want to think about it??? Not related to Neville Chamberlain are you?? Coward.

Hate begets hate. Completely justified what hitchens was saying.
 this article is quite contentless tbh. And also Hitchens misses the fundamental point, i.e. *why can't 'we' think*. Why can governments only respond in a certain direction and simply towards the symptoms rather than the root cause? This question isn't even explored by Hitchens who embodies a naïve idealism which merely shouts 'think' at power and is then left astounded, bitter, confused and pessimistic – as Hitchens is – why nothing changes, or why power doesn't think when it could so *obviously* offer the solution. The question why, on some structural level, power cannot confront, cannot think is a lot more telling and it avoids the easy option of simply seeing individual politicians as stupid, immoral, or culpable. 
The comments on that article. Wow, people take their middle east history by copying and pasting their studies of the second world war. 
Superb from Hitchens. 
His brother would have written a much different article I imagine. Never liked the man's views and don't care for them now either.
I'm amazed to find a Dairlymail article I agree with. This pretty exactly points I've made. The only thing he misses is looking at the numbers. The numbers killers and the killed is tiny. If the was a real problem, the numbers wouldn't be tiny. The vast majority want to live in peace and do so. I think we just have accept this tiny loses to live in diverse tollerent freedom. The rest of the world will catch up. We still have sexists, raciests, homophobes, ourselves and it wasn't so long ago those where the norms.
Can't stand Hitchens, but he makes some really great points here
this part seemed a little strange

&gt;For the moment, our fanatical foes do not have drones of their own. One day, they will.

ok, but how would they get drone planes into Western airspace?  unless he means mini drones people are theorizing about?  and at that point, if mini drones have immense destructive capacity, humanity will be in trouble if we haven't resolved to stop killing each other.
I prefer his brother.
We're screwed, we're too liberal to fight back so they will walk all over us....better buy a copy of the Koran quick...
Most of this is on hansard.millbanksystems.com already, isnt it?
Would love to do some text mining on this, it would be fascinating to see how language and political rhetoric has changed over time, what the differences are in vocabulary between parties etc.
Search for "spunk loving sluts"
Does anybody know why the tenses change every now and then in the records?

Example:
&gt;The CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER said, that whatever might have escaped him in the haste of expression, he certainly had not intended to use the words in question in the sense in which they were applied by the right hon. Gentleman.

&gt;MR. GLADSTONE If it were a mere hasty word, of course I should be the last person to take notice of it; but an allusion has been made by my right hon. Friend (Sir James Graham), in which I am part proprietor. I refer to the comparison which he drew between the position of a Bishop and a Judge. My right hon. Friend the Secretary for the Colonies denied the comparison, because he said a Judge could be removed from his office; and I now venture to say a Bishop may be deposed...

The records show both speeches in succession but Disreali's comment is in the third person whilst Gladstone's speech is in the first.
There's my weekend! 
I love when my uni does nice things. 
Word cloud?
Spin-doctors working zero hours 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLcPkZ0LzUA
And thats how you play politics.
Honestly, this is bullshit.

This is exactly why politicians very rarely make such large u-turns, because when they do they get ripped apart by the media. It's better for them to just keep going on pushing for something they know is the wrong idea, than get bullied by the media. This is just like when Cameron was ripped apart for being honest about not wanting to run another election in 2020. The media and the public themselves are largely to blame as to why we have politicians that lie, cheat and spin everything, people brought it on themselves.
It's really sad and frustrating to see a politician degrade the debate of the economy of a country to cheap tricks. 

meanwhile... while people cheer that the police were not cut by 25% and the chancellor cuts apart the rest of the economy bit by bit.  And people cheer... !!
CAPX they're the idiots that keep clogging up my newsfeed on Facebook with adverts for their scrawl. Surely has to be a better site to link to.
He listened to the outcry from people and changed his mind. Stop trying to spin it as something bad.
CapX is just the worst. 
Who the fuck said he was a genius?
[So this has been doing the rounds...](https://i.imgur.com/otowA2r.jpg)
You'd have thought a man who has had at least half a million pounds spent on his education would understand the difference between the "debt" and the "deficit". 
I've said this over and over and over again and yet the supposed common sense based Conservatives of this sub cannot understand.

You get what you pay for, if our public services have less money to spend then we have worse public services. Yes their were innefficiencies but nothing that even comes close to the cuts that have been made. As soon as the Coonservatives are out of power and no longer able to hold this blatently false narrative in place people will realise how ridiculous it is.
The snake eating its own tail. 
&gt; Mr Hudspeth told the same newspaper he did not want to comment on leaked private correspondence not meant for publication.

In all likelihood he told them this just after he had "misplaced " a brown envelope into the journalists bag.
I can't understand why any council (even a tory one) would support a Tory central government.   It just leads to one soul sucking round of cuts after another.   
Common sense really, shame that politicians seem to be completely technologically illiterate to the extent that they would happily trade our personal liberties for LESS security.

EDIT: spelling
Are all countries going to share the same password for the backdoor do we think?
&gt; The recent terrorist attacks in Paris have amplified the government’s contention that strong encryption is putting our country (and our allies) at risk.

Sloppy journalism to not mention that the terrorists used unencrypted SMS
I think the title of the article is misleading slightly - it just points to Tim Cook, and doesn't show the full impact of the statement. 

ITI is made up of Google, Facebook, Apple, Twitter, Microsoft etc. So, having a direct quote from them in the title would carry far more weight and may persuade more effectively.
They should refuse to pay taxes until the government sort this out.

Oh, wait.
I already feel like I've had my back door smashed in, after Apple's latest update. 
I'm glad David Cameron has also joined the campaign against cuts.
&gt; Number 10 said Mr Cameron had acted in his capacity as a local MP who believed Thames Valley Police could make savings without affecting front-line services.

This demonstrates the inherent conflict of interest in having the same people simulultaneously serve as government ministers (supposedly representing the interests of the entire nation) and constituency MPs (with primary loyalty to their own constituents).
Well, there's your answer. we should make the entire UK his own constituency. Problems solved. Cancer cured, world peaced. 

Well I still think [We're all in this together.](http://imgur.com/nLs5wCt) What about you guys?
The man's a fucking moron. They all are.
Deary me.  This story won't  go away, it just gets worse.
Wow, it's from the BBC...figured it might be some  tabloid half-story.







Headline titles should be changed only where it improves clarity. Headline changes that introduce editorialization or rhetoric will be removed. Please express your personal opinion in the comments, not the headline
MP tries to prevent police station closure in own constituency.

Also, editorialised title.

Edit

FFS
And just yesterday in the Telegraph...

[Mental health patients 'at risk' due to budget cuts, leading think tank warns](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/health/11990289/Mental-health-patients-at-risk-due-to-budget-cuts-leading-think-tank-warns.html)

And the BBC..

[Mental health cuts 'put lives at risk' - Cuts to adult mental health services in England have started damaging the quality of care given to patients, a report suggests](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-34790094)

And Nursing In Practice..

[Only 14% of patients receive appropriate mental health crisis care](http://www.nursinginpractice.com/article/only-14-patients-receive-appropriate-mental-health-crisis-care)
It's staggering how many people in this thread have no idea what depression and anxiety are - both are life destroying and many sufferers, me included would give anything to be "normal".

If you've ever felt the fear of being about to die, that's the feeling you have with anxiety everyday, if you've ever lost a loved one or broken up and felt you couldn't go on, those are the feelings people with depression feel every day and that's just the tip of the iceberg - because when you add the stress of being accused of being lazy or lying it can cause the volcano to erupt, inwardly or sometimes outwardly.
Does anyone have stats on the increase in benefit sanctions for people with mental health problems vs the rest of the benefit-receiving population?
Playing devil's advocate here for a moment... Isn't it pretty difficult to accurately assess conditions like anxiety and depression for the purpose of determining whether or not someone is fit for work? 

Job hunting can be stressful, and depressing, I'm not sure it would be a good idea if we accepted being stressed and depressed as being a good reason to be signed off.

That said, people should be getting help at or through the job center to address these issues rather than just being sanctioned.
Is there anyone out there, who isnt a millionaire, that the Tories actually like?
I don't quite understand why though?
One thing I've noticed, being on benefits based forums.

It seems the Government's almost generated an entirely new syndrome, which I'd call 'brown envelope anxiety' where people with mental health problems get severe anxiety and panic attacks at the mere delivery of a brown envelope, as they fear what the contents might mean to them - 

Have they been sanctioned for an unknown reason? 

Are they being investigated after a tip off from an spiteful neighbour?

Or is already time to go thru the charades of an assessment, knowing they'll likely be found fit for work, as the assessment is woefully inadequate for dealing with mental health problems, and will be condemned to fighting the system with reconsiderations, then appeals, then tribunals, all of which they're ill suited to handle.
There has been an increase in benefit sanctions. To get benefit sanctions it means you haven't complied with simple instructions like completing and recording a job search or turning up to an appointment on the correct time and date. People with mental health problems are more likely to have problems with things like this and overwhelmingly are going to be overrepresented in the stats. Everyone knows the mental health care in this country is appalling. This isn't a problem with sanctions. If you are getting sanctioned you're not going to be able to hold down a job and probably shouldn't be on jobseekers. 
Yes but plenty of people use "mental health problems" as an excuse to do sweet FA.

They really are scum, not only are they trying to take the piss out of an overstretched benefits system, but they make people sceptical of people who really do have serious problems.

They also make statistics like this useless.
&gt; What is needed is a modern finance ministry to ensure all aspects of financial management – income, expenditure, liabilities, and assets – are taken into account, not just spending.

This guy gets it (he should do of course, he is Ross Campbell, director for public policy at the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales).  

You cut spending and it has an impact on income, it has an impact on liabilities and it has an impact on assets.  This isn't a credit card bill.  You can't just cut spending and hope the deficit will go down.
The long term economic plan keeps getting longer.
The pursuit of austerity doesn't seem to be working for us does it? 
I don't pretend to be a financial expert like Osborne, I've only ever folded towels for myself, after all.

But, isn't the economy based on the flow of money, rather than how much we have?

So continually taking it away from those who'll actually spend and use it, to give tax breaks to those who'll tuck it away in a tax haven, is that really 'good'?
OBR gets its forecasts wrong agai. Now forecasting is insanely difficult so its not surprising that it gets things wrong. However my perception it always seems to forecast in a way that justifies Osborne's policies. But then the forecasts are wrong, which implies the polcies are wrong.
All hands to the pumps people what we really need to get this deficit down is to take more money out of the economy.

&gt;In recent weeks we’ve had good news showing our plan is working – real median wages are growing at their fastest in a decade, employment is at an all-time high and our economy is growing strongly.

Mass immigration is the only reason our economy is growing at all you fucking morons, our economic growth was 0.5% for the last quarter. 

People defending this make me sick we are now just tanking the economy for party politics
A competent Labour leader and the Tories could be in crisis by now.
So, erm, [those cuts are working well then..](http://imgur.com/sXURyIu)
That which cannot happen will not happen.

The government is going to have to either inflate its way out of its debts or go pop.
Economy grows for months and its ignored, Borrowing shoots up one month and its knock down evidence not just for expansionary spending but that cuts to benefits are evil.

Come on guys. Partisan sillyness.
George Osbourne read a book and has stuck to the message of that book. Its the financial equivalent of Sharia law. A zealot, executing ideas that are not his own, that he doesnt understand, and are proven to be bullshit.
Oh my.  Is the reserve fund running out? 
Wait, is this actually bad news?
The problem is people who do not understand the complexities of running a modern economy successfully are running the UK economy.

As long as they draw on simplistic analogies to drive their policy decisions, we will continue to fail.
I want to smush this into the faces of every right wing opposer of the anti-austerity movement; all the cuts hindering those most in need in the name of balancing the deficit? Failing.
So they should cut harder to achieve their goal?

It seems like the left criticize the conservatives for cutting too hard but whenever they miss their targets they are criticized for...... I don't even know.... not cutting hard enough? Isn't that exactly the Labour plan, to cut, but cut more slowly? We do need to balance the books some day after all.
Tories are incompetent with the economy. Since 1975 they have had a whole 2 years in surplus to Labours 4, yet Labour are called incompetent? Dafuq?
 if I may.
I would like to adress some points here please be aware that i have read some of the argument but not all of them, so i maybe going over something some one else already cover, be aware I am no expert but wish to engage on this  subject if possible, and if anyone seen any problem with any of my points made please do let me know why there is a problem so that we may talk about it.
1st point i would like to address is the the idea that the conservative have not been in power of 10 years yet, the last government was a coalition with the Cons been the biggest party, but it still a Cons and LD coalition with a number of compromises been made(http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/election_2010/8675848.stm). so we could argue that the Cons had not  been truly in power till the last GE, Labour had 13 years of a majority so they did not had to compromise on anything. the Cons had not had an equal time in office so could we said that to some exetend the Cons has not had the same time to do what Labour did.
this is done to point out that currently this is the first time the Tories had been fully in power and they have yet to meet one year, so to say they are failing this early in the year seems a little early would you not say?
2nd many seem to be of two mind about how to deal with the deficit:
A) austerity 
B)fiscal stimulus
the issue I see is 
there is austerity and many here saying that is not the answer, and that austerity has kill any possible recovery, and then we get the argument that dealing with the deficit is not the same as dealing with a credit card debt, and as such you can't "tighten your bell" out of it.
most here seem to support the idea option B of fiscal stimuli, and the we need to invest are way out of this and that is the most effective way to deal with the current deficit as people will invest in the UK after this.
here is where i make my second point.
is the current "austerity" truly austerity: I would argue that " true" austerity would be more in line with what Greece did back in 2013(http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-13940431), we have what many call "austerity light" so the hit should been smaller and it would seem some what lesser to what Greece had plan, or has to do right now after what happen recently.
and this lead us to the problem with "spending your way out" Greece did it an it came back to hunt it, the Greek crisis was seen as what could be seen as "spent spent out of debt".(http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/greece-debt-crisis-parliament-debate-economic-reforms-next-eurogroup-bailout-secured-1529277)
and here is the problem that I think many in the UK have with the idea of financial stimuli many do not see how can it work, you don't spend or borrow more to get out of the debt and to an extend Greece could be seen as a good example of what happens if you just spent and spent, the issue here is let say that the government does goes with "financial stimuli" borrowing more spending more and looking for investment, what if no one invest, what if after all the stimuli there is no payback, what them you try a second time again borrowing and hoping for investment?, many would just see this just shifting the burden of the borrowing to the next generation with many do not want, so many see “austerity light”(in my opinion been light)  and the idea of reducing spending seen to be a more viable way of dealing with the current situation. 
So this lead us to this current deficit that seem to be that October is having a bad deficit  
But what then should Osborne had cut even harder to ensure the deficit stay down, and I would say that it seen to be only the first time this year where the deficit when up, so could this be just a bad month when it comes to tax that the treasury has receive this month, could it be that spending is down due to the rugby world cup that many could of spend money on, or could it be that October is just a bad month overall for the treasury? 
I am not expert this just are some point that I wish to make if anyone would like to point out where my logic maybe flow or missing some knowledge please let me know 
From the telegraph article:

&gt; They employ some of the brightest people on the planet. Apple et al could, if they wanted, employ a fraction of these resources to work out how we can simultaneously keep the good guys’ data secure and keep the bad guys in plain sight.

Right there, totally wrong, either it's secure from everyone or it's not, there isn't any in between. This is a wilful missunderstanding of how encryption works.
These things always ignore the fact that there are encryption methods that can quite happily (without huge investment of time) be carried out without using a digital computer or electronic communication at all, and that are very, very secure. If I work everything out on paper and just pass that around, how will any ban on digital encryption affect me at all? I've not heard a convincing argument for how to stop that from these people.

Further, if they think encryption technology starts and ends in silicon valley, they're sadly mistaken. It's a worldwide, academic research effort being studied and improved upon in almost every major university in the world.

This is really dangerous thinking, and it scares me that people like this have power and influence over government policy. I'm primarily scared of the kind of mangled, invasive, ineffective mess any legislation to this effect would inevitably turn out to be. It's not so much the damage of banning encryption I'm scared of, but the side effects of the *attempt* to ban encryption.
Well, regarding the headline, I'd have to say it's right on the money: That Telegraph article most probably is the stupidest article yet on the subject of encryption. Why do idiots have to wax lyrical about things they clearly dont understand, on even the most basic level?

Regarding the Telegraph article itself. I'm speechless.
Obviously this is nothing to do with terrorism. A 5 year old can understand that you cannot stop terrorists from using encryption. What you can do, via stories like this, is demonise the use of encryption in the minds of the plebs, and justify the creation of back-doors to most commonly used services. This will allow the state to monitor its citizens more effectively, and quash any civil unrest before it even happens. 
While we're at it, let's close down the obviously terrorist-sympathising Royal Mail who allow people to use ENVELOPES to HIDE what they're sending. Disgusting.
There's so many good arguments out there about why encryption is good and politicians are stupid. The one I rarely see mentioned is the fact that any 15year old kid can set up their own server and stick whatever code they want in it. So if terrorists are dumb enough to be using Facebook, gmail and Whatsapp to communicate then they are really asking for it. Somehow I think if they know about encryption they probably have the capability to set up their own servers.
Why the surprise? One of the stupidest newspapers publishes a stupid article.
Just a point of detail - The Telegraph isn't a tabloid, its a broadsheet. Tabloid, Broadsheet, Berliner (which The Guardian uses) are just sizes of paper, so they don't denote quality as such, obviously traditionally the tabloids have been at the grubbier end of the market, but the Telegraph has been horrendous since the Barclays took ownership.
I've literally stopped reading anything written in the Telegraph since everyday became Corbyn this and Corbyn that. They've lost an credibility they once had.
Yes how inconvenient that the government penchant for illegal and unethical surveillance has created a push towards better encryption for all... shocking, who could possibly have seen that coming?

It's so annoying, like not being able to read the thoughts of every citizen, why any one of them could be thinking terrorist thoughts right now, it's vital we begin recording every second of every citizens life from birth to death, it's the only way to maintain freedom right?
The Daily Telegraph, in an era of falling news readership, has latched on to the latest technique for driving up readership - writing factually incorrect articles that it knows other, topic-savvy sites will pick up on and dissect, causing a rush of angry readers to visit the site to post comments, driving up ad impressions.

These readers often show greater time on page than traditional readers because many of them carefully read the articles to dissect and counter them point-for-point, rather than scan-reading articles.
Tory logic in a nutshell.
At the risk of being very UK-centric here, what ramifications would this have for potential UK action in Syria? This is a pretty vivid illustration of how much of a clusterfeck the situation already is...
Her job is to convince the public that what DC's government does is best for them. Not necessarily to tell the truth or take a principled stand, and her article does a fantastic job of convincing people who might not know all that much about computers that what Cameron is proposing isn't all that hard (even though anyone who knows anything about encryption knows its borderline farcical what he's asking for).

To be fair to Clair though most of her comment pieces in The Times are usually very good reads, especially the ones about what the Conservative party should am to be.
That lefty position in full; the government can be trusted with:

* 40% of the economy
* Your healthcare and records
* Running the entire transport system

But not:

* Access to your communications

Citizens, meanwhile can be trusted with:

* Loads of drugs
* Seditious religious propaganda
* Encryption that was historically considered to be a weapon

But not;

* Any sort of actual edged weapons or guns
Coincidentally, I would have "no problem" with Keith Vaz no longer being in parliament. 
Jesus Christ, it's the dark ages again.
&gt; Miqdaad Versi, Assistant Secretary General of the MCB, said "Muslim communities need to be able to respond to accusations [against] Muslims, or against the Prophet, in a more effective way."

How about engaging in rational and informed argument?
Vaz has advocated a lot of censorship in his time, so I'm not surprised. He even suggested that adult, consented to labiaplasty be considered FGM.
Keith Vaz cares about only one thing: Keith Vaz. 

He probably thought there were votes in it, if there's an outcry he'll withdraw his comments
I would love to see a blasphemy law that covers all religions. Personally I am a disciple of the almighty church of Driving Very Fast on Motorways and Parking Wherever I Want." I hate the way my beliefs are not protected.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keith_Vaz#Political_life

This man is dangerous.
How could a blasphemy law possibly "apply equally to everybody" when so many religions are blasphemous in the eyes of adherents of rival religions?
Keith Vaz has no problem representing the interests of arms dealers from India, over people in the UK.

The man likes to get paid. 
Keith Vaz is the only person who could contest Diane Abbot as stupidest person in parliament. 
ah yes, keith vaz the man who mysteriously 'fell ill' when he was due to appear before a committee to investigate his corrupt ass. An absolutely, lying hypocritical ignorant man. How on earth are people voting for this idiot?
Unbelievable that a Labour politician should be advocating kowtowing to religious conservatives.
Why does this man keep getting air time anywhere?

He's an awful opportunist and will say or do anything to get column inches.
Remember that bent spoon in the Matrix? It's straighter than Keith Vaz. 
What a fucking tool. How was this man elected?
Makes me wonder if this is going to be the price for Labour hanging onto the Muslim vote. Blair was always big on this as well.
No. No. No. No. Absolutely no.

We should always be free to debate political and religious ideologies and concepts without fear of political retribution. Religious thought shouldn't be exempt just because it's religious in nature.

If you think somebody's being unfair to your religion, debate them.
Yeah he can fuck off. No one needs to follow the rules of a group they don't belong to.
Well that's stupid. Like the word 'Islamophobe' people will abuse these laws to there own ends.
Like it or not we already have de facto blasphemy laws even if they aren't written down.

Any newspapers that publish Muhammed cartoons would be subject to charges for promoting hatred or public disorder. The Muslim threat of violence towards anyone who makes fun of Muhammed has been very effective.

Probably the Satanic Verses could not be published today for the this reason. Salman Rushdie would be considered a bad guy provoking Muslims. Maybe "Life of Brian" too.

Any newspapers that publish Holocaust denial or make fun of Jews would probably be in the same situation.

Arguably we may as well codify the situation and get it down on paper as formal blasphemy laws. At least then everyone knows where they stand and we aren't being hypocritical.
To be expected from the scumbag who marched against Salman Rushdie in '89.
Keith Vaz is insulting my religion of liberalism, arrest that man.
Labour MP Keith Vaz can fuck right off.
As a Labour supporter and a Leicesterian, I apologise for foisting Keith Vaz on the modern world.
Candidate found for deselection. Freedom of Speech should remain supreme. 
Frankly, he was dead to me after battling to get GTA and Manhunt banned, and he's clearly not mellowed.

Seems like it's publicity he craves, not bettering society.

Perhaps he should just sign up for 'I'm a celebrity' except that he's probably too well known.
Keith Vaz is a dick. He always has been a dick and he always will be..
&gt;Religiously aggravated insults already carry a seven year tariff. This is already likely to have a chilling effect on freedom of expression.

??
Anything to pander to the parasitic muslim voters, that sounds like everything Labour stands for. 
Labour
How the fuck could you get blasphemy laws to apply equally to everybody? Do I get to write down a list of 10 words to ban or what?
Lets go the whole hog and outlaw heresy too.
Keith Vaz is still relevant? I thought he was a bit of a tit 10 years ago. 
Are we allowed to take Keith Vaz's name in vain?

"You total Vaz"

"You Vazzing twat"
Doesn't surprise me. This is the party of Blair, it's a party that abhors free speech.
Could not disagree with this more.
Wait everyone let's not dismiss this out of hand without considering the benefits of reintroducing the blasphemy laws. I think this could really bring about an end to religious intolerance and violence in this country.

First let's look at what blasphemy is

&gt;Blasphemy is the act of insulting or showing contempt or lack of reverence for (a) God(s), to religious or holy persons or things, or toward something considered sacred or inviolable. Some religions consider blasphemy as a religious crime.

Now I have a sacred inviolable view that God is either mythical or an utter cunt. All the main religions preach that I would go to hell for my views so would fall foul of the blasphemy laws without significant reasonable revisions. Thus by introducing blasphemy laws we could rid ourselves of cretinous ideologies. 
Of course he wouldn't. Look at him.
I realize I'm not going to popular for interrupting the circlejerk, but after having read that article carefully I don't think that Keith Vaz said that he would have no problem with reintroducing blasphemy laws.

I'm no fan of his and he does seem to be sympathetic to some sort of law that would restrict what people can say about Muslims (which I'm not in favour of). However none of his quotes in the article explicitly say that he wants to reintroduce blasphemy.

It even says that he said that "there should not be blasphemy laws in the UK". The rational conclusion to draw would seem to be that whatever legislation he is tentatively agreeing to support, he thinks that it should fall short of reintroducing blasphemy laws. However instead of drawing that conclusion they accuse him of contradicting himself.
For Anglicanism, Id possibly agree with that, for everything else, nah. 
I'm glad she sent the message. I don't know if sympathy from another country will help the bereaved at all but it can't hurt. 
ITT: edgy fucks
God save the queen.
Better than calling it "...an attack on all humanity."
I love her 
Why do people always forget the good things that the royal family does? Not just for our own country, prince Charles (I don't like him on a personal level mind you) bought and then gifted back huge amounts of land in Romania to make sure that they didn't get built on and to improve tourism. 
Why is this at the top of this sub? Rather topical post?

Edit: Lel at these downvotes. The only reason this is top is because it's a sub full of Tories who love ramming their tongue up the queen's arse whenever the opportunity presents itself. 
The Queen has said what any other decent human being (British or not) would say. Although I am sure that she was genuine in the feelings she shared with many others, I would have been disappointed if she had not done her job and made this statement. That does not make her any more relevant to a democratic country today than she was yesterday. 
Queen sends sentiments to France which maj. of people agree with. Woop de fuck.
Who cares? Is that news? Kinda goes without saying
So?
&gt; LIKE AND SHARE IF YOU ARE FOR COMPARING UNRELATED THINGS&gt; 

Fucking spot on, don't understand what's going through people's heads when they compare footballers' wages to soldiers/nurses. makes no sense whatsoever.

Getting a real Monkey Dust vibe of this cartoon. Incredible. 
The guy in the last pane totally looks like Hank Hill.
&gt; "Because of Sharia PC law"

Brilliant!
Looks very similar (subjectively and objectively) to Monkey Dust. I would love the Cameron years to have a satirist like Harry Thompson...
Better by default than Steve Bell. 
hang on a second, what year is this?
https://znculturecast.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/johnolvier.jpg
Is the 'it's 2015' a jab at Justin Trudeau?
outrage over some non existent outrage. yawn.

I'm almost as sick of seeing people being smug, lauding it over the poppy brigade (which they do mostly for personal political gain) as I am about all the poppy nazis who also seek to kick up a fuss, also for political gain.

Like everything in this country; health, education, economics etc it's exploited by both sides for personal petty political point scoring and lust for power/attention/sympathy at the expense of one's supposed 'enemies'. 

Meanwhile the fact that this is supposed to be about raising money for veterans and their families seems to get lost in the long grass inbetween two sides trying to out offend/outrage each other. Can people please just stop using it as another vehicle to attack people they don't like, that goes for the Guardian and The Sun.
With a large increase in vote share, 7.2% more. Wow.

They've won with a larger percentage then they did in '97:

62.2% tonight to 58.8% in '97

Don't write Corbyn off just yet.
A win with an increased vote share. Goes against everything the political commentators were saying.
You could hear the emotion in McMahon's speech, truly a man who was thankful to win. 
Corbyn is going to be the leader for a while...
Surprising result, I thought UKIP might've made more of a dent. At least it'll end Corbyn's week on a high point, but only time will tell whether this says anything about his leadership.
Does anyone have a demographic breakdown of labour votes?
By-elections don't really count. Can Corbyn regain Scotland? Can he make gains in England?


Uncertain on both 

But, he certainly needs a period of stability, or no more terrorism gaffes
There appears to be a bit of confusion in the media as they look for a way to spin this as bad for Corbyn.
The new MP seems like a smart, genuinely lovely bloke too. 
Unelectable Corbyn they said
Yes! Corbyn pls stay til 2020
Fantastic news, I think the biggest takeaway is that UKIP seem to be draining votes from the Tories, I wonder if we'll see any more of that elsewhere in the country.
How close were the polls to the result, out of interest?
Hey, so maybe we're not going to the dogs after all? I'm actually really glad to hear this, I was expecting the worst, not better than I'd hoped.
An increased vote share? /r/unexpected
What was the turnout? 
CORBYN HAS BRUTALLY MURDERED LABOUR
Does nobody else think he was strongly elected due to his local roots? The guy has been the leader of Oldham council for 4 years, I'm not sure this election is truly representative of Labour's electoral chances. But thankfully the UKIP vote has not come to fruition as had been speculated. 
[me_irl](http://i.imgur.com/yq38Hy2.gif)
My initial reaction was "somehow labour has rigged this". Must admit to being flabbergasted.
I think the result is more to do with Jim Mcmahon being an actual decent candidate. Many the older residents of Oldham who have always been Labour voters certainly won't agree with Corbyns politics, I know my own grandparents who voted Labour certainly don't. 

Oldham has always been abit of a shithole, but for the last 10-15 years it got much worse. 
-The shops in the town centre were shutting down left right and centre.
- The parks were all overgrown and very little maintenance.
- Schools were pretty much all in terrible condition.

.. I could go on and on.

Jim McMahan won because he deserved to win.
I expected Labour to win, but it is a still good result for Labour. Their vote factories must have been working overtime.
Interesting stuff, and a good result for Labour. This is the sort of rise they need to be seeing right now. 

Really bad night for UKIP. If the chatter before the election about Tories tactically voting for UKIP came to anything (and their vote does appear down - did they just stay home?) then that's an incredibly bad night for UKIP...

Unanswered questions: (1) the Corbyn effect (he seems to have stayed carefully away) in a constituency that should be very attracted to a popular left message and his flirtation with Euroskepticism but very turned off by his personal views - McMahon is scarcely Momentum's first choice, and a very strong local candidate. We'll see as time goes on. (2) Labour's existential challenge, needing to win by bringing the popular and patrician left strands together and win over the "striver" swing voters - challenge deferred by the weakness of UKIP support here, I suspect. A by-election in a swing seat would be the ideal test. 

The takeaways, I suspect, are UKIP's really poor performance (has the fact of an EU referendum actually gored them, or is Labour winning back support?), and that people shouldn't write off a party like Labour on the back of inter-tribal squabbles. They've been here before in the days of Militant and the SDP departure, and made it back into government, and the panic over the general election always did mask a significant turnaround, surprisingly close after losing their economic reputation and the subsequent election in 2010. 

Corbyn will hang on rather longer than his enemies in Labour expected, but those in the Tories who regarded him as an asset won't exactly be pleased either...
Maybe the Labour split was an ingenious attempt to appeal to more people; if you were for or against bombing Labour had your views covered. Next they'll split of something else to appeal to even more people. /s
Another nail in the coffin of Corbyn's Labour party.
Nigel Farage tweeted:

Evidence from an impeccable source that today's postal voting was bent.

https://twitter.com/Nigel_Farage/status/672581568674848768?s=03

Wonder if third world politics has affected the postal votes? Farage must be pretty confident something is fishy to post that tweet. 
Yea, no shit, don't have a clue why anybody expected any different.

The UKIP tears are going to be quite delicious with this though, Farage is already shouting "rigged".
[A nice blog post](http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/blog/archives/9561) about why this result doesn't mean anything.
I wouldn't immediately call this as vindication of Corbyn, since despite there being a statistical swing, the turnout for the election dropped significantly.
Massive swing to Labour (and it would have been bigger but for saboteurs like Hilary Benn, who undermine party policy), Tories down by almost 10%.  Despite what the rightwing media has claimed, a Labour landslide in 2020 is increasingly looking like a near certainty.  And it's all thanks to Jeremy Corbyn,
Appears as though the Tory decline has gone almost into Labour. Maybe people actually have been voting to keep Corbyn as Labour leader. 
I think Riddell did brilliant fantasy illustrations, and his political cartoons certainly still look lovely. I can't say they're the most incisive though, although that comes with the format.
Trying to get another 3k karma eh, Lolworth?
Am I the only person who thinks political cartoons are unbearably cringe-worthy? So unfunny it hurts, yet they have this self-congratulatory air of 'oh, how witty and incisive!'
Uncharitably I thought Cameron can't decide who to fight and Corbyn can't decide who to surrender to.

Though that's soundbite thinking.
Not particularly accurate of either man. One wants to do military intervention and hope it works out, the other doesn't want to do nothing - he wants to concentrate on building a political settlement and alliance in Syria and cutting off the money/arms supply to ISIS. That is doing something. 
No, Camerons plan is to bomb the shit out of Syria like everyone else. And that's pretty much it. 

If the difference is between bombing or not bombing a country, then I think it doesn't take half a brain to realise it's almost completely fruitless attempt to solve a deeply complicated issue. 
'No sensible government would seek to resist people's access to drugs in any way and the reason for resisting is the government believes there is another pathway.'

I would love to know what this pathway is that cannot be used if this law were in place. I really would.
Also, how the fuck is filibustering still an accepted and legal part of political behaviour in 2015. Yes, all of these elected representatives are in support of this law, but gosh darn it I'm not, so I'm just going to talk and talk and talk and block any discussion o.. oh look it's tea time well ta ta.
There are many complex reasons why this bill should be stopped. The main one relates uncertain safety and appropriate dosing for drugs; the second is that prescribing generic drugs already happens and that there is no need for additional legislation.

Drugs that are licensed by the European Medicines Agency usually have large trial data demonstrating safety and efficacy - people can be confident that it works, and is safe. That's the whole point of the license - your welfare and health!

Some generic and licensed drugs can be used 'off-label', that is, a drug that has a license for one (or more) indication(s) is used for a condition which it's not licensed for. This is inherently risky because it hasn't been through the rigorous process to evaluate it's safety and efficacy.

If there is sufficient evidence on safety and effectiveness and clinician (doctor) and patient think it's a good idea, the GMC and many guidelines support the use of some off-label drug prescribing already (it's very common). There are probably millions of prescriptions in the UK like this.

In other words, the bill would support a wasteful process of old drugs trying to get licenses which they might not get (because they don't have evidence to get such a license), and in the end probably have no impact on people's health or costs. 
I still don't understand why the NHS doesn't have a drugs research division. Most drug research is done in universities, drugs companies for the most part just fund that research and do the trials. Wouldn't a public drugs company be better? You'd have all research papers publish in the public domain. Any new drugs it creates would be cheaper for the NHS to use as there wouldn't be a profit margin (or advertising costs) and can then be sold overseas. We know that we need a second generation of antibiotics very soon but no drugs company will fund the research because it won't be profitable until it's too late to help people.  
[deleted]
Considering the partisan nonsense that the Independent has been churning out recently, I suspect there is much more to this than the headline lets on.  
To me blocking the policy is actually very anti tory.  

Tories claim to love the free market - if there is a demand in the NHS for these drugs, and it would save them money, why should they not have the chance to use them? [Here](http://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/nov/05/let-doctors-use-off-patent-drugs-in-new-ways) is one such example in a letter from a charity.

It stinks of vested interest to me - something that the article does not say.  The bottom line is, if this bill passed, it would hit the profits of some big drug companies. 
Are we supposed to be surprised by this? 
Quite right. Property ownership is nine-tenths of the law, and we shouldn't start making exceptions here. Imagine how you'd feel if you owned a humble pharmaceutical company, and you'd had a good idea for a drug, only to have someone turn around twenty years later and say "I'm going to rip off your idea and undercut your prices?"

You'd be crest-fallen. You'd stop believing in the economy. You may even end up having to scrounge off the state. Morally, if you have a good idea that the marketplace likes, you should be free to make money from that _in perpetuity_. 

The Left keep trying to turn everything into a morality play, but we shouldn't be governed by petty sentiment, especially when leftists try to pull on people's heartstrings with tales of dying children and so forth.

Everyone else is free to have good ideas, it's a Free Market. So stop scrounging other people's good ideas and start having some of your own.
An essential read that attempts to decipher the indefensible. 
It's an interesting read though it's probably worth pointing out there were plenty of 'rebuttals', even one published by the atlantic: http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/02/what-muslims-really-want-isis-atlantic/386156/

I have no idea and no ability to decipher what is really 'Islamic' or not, even if I spent time reading about the Quran and Hadith and general accepted scholarship surrounding it all I wouldn't really know either as knowing Arabic is crucial to knowing the Quran.

This is a problem we have when talking about ISIS. We do not understand them, broadly speaking their culture is separate from ours ('broadly' because of uk born muslims do go to join them), their language is separate, their actions are largely unfathomable. We do not know the battles of Islam, who can tell the difference between the Sufi, Shi'a or Sunni? Who can explain why barbaric movements groups as ISIS or the Taliban are formed supposedly based upon readings of the Quran while Akbar had a far different approach for the Mughals over 400 years ago? I'm sure Islamic scholars interested in Indian history can, but it is alien to us.
This is a great article.

The Vice interview with the author is worth watching too.
How much of a blow to ISIS morale would occur from unravelling their prophesy of defeating the armies of Rome in Daqib... By defeating ISIS there instead?
Fantastic article and that's all i'll say. 
It's worth reading the criticisms of this article as well. Generally the criticism (by Muslims) is that while the article is correct about Daesh and Daesh's views of Islam, the wider conclusions about Islam are not accurate.

It's the same as biblical literalism - only a small subset of muslims believe that the Qur'an should be treated literally. Most believe that it, and the Hadiths, should be interpreted in the light of the modern world, to varying extents. For example, IIRC the baya'a (allegiance) that daesh say should be applied to a caliphate, other Islamic scholars and Imams consider that the baya'a can be applied to other things as well.
Key point: 

&gt; The reality is that the Islamic State is Islamic. Very Islamic.
Fantastic article on IS. Definitely worth the hour or so it took to read!
This supports my idea's about Islam (and most religions) and why people who excesively apologise for moderate muslims irritate me.


If you believe in Islamic ideology then you should act like ISIS do, making you a stupid and very bad person.

If you are a "moderate" then you don't actually believe in the ideology, you believe in your own version of it, as certain things aren't up for interpretation. This would make you less stupid and more moral but not a follower of Islam, instead a follower of Islam 2.0. If you want to do this then great but by doing this you are admitting that gods word is wrong as it needs to be updated by man and thus should destroy your belief in God as you realise it's not Gods word you are following but normal humans and needs to be updated with the times.

It's kind of like saying I believe 100% in the free market but all buisnesess should be regulated. Then you don't 100% believe in the free market, you believe in your own version, somewhere in between.

So when you get people apologizing for moderate Muslims / similar religions, they are apologizing for something that fundamentally tells you to go out and be like ISIS and requires you to use some intelligence and disregard it's fundamental teachings if you want to be a moderate.

By all means I would support moderate Muslims / become an apologist if they updated there religons, even though I'd still think it's stupid.
I long for the day when human civilisation stops taking religious scriptures seriously and starts treating them as the fairy tales they are.
Old article by now, but still quite accurate.
Urgh, upvote quality shit people!  Even if you can't be bothered to read some or all of it.  
Wikipedia has a [list](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_eschatology#Major_and_minor_signs) of what Muslims believe will be signs that the world will end.

I can't wait to see what kind of buildings those nomads construct.
Certainly a zinger at the end. I didn't expect Jesus to pop up like a late tag team partner to save the day.
"We should do something about Saudi Arabia"

"No"
As a bit of a lefty, I can't help but have some respect for Carswell sometimes.
ISIS is a wahhabist absolute monarchy, we should bomb them.


Saudi Arabia is a wahhabist absolute monarchy, we should ally ourselves with them.


It's cool though, not like we have a double standard or anything. /s
Saddam Hussain's government in Iraq was also a vile and barbaric regime but getting involved killed and hurt more Iraqis than Saddam ever did and with what result? A destroyed infrastructure power vacuum that gave space for ISIS to flourish. Iraq was a bad place for it's citizens before the war but, for the many, it is far worse now. We should learn the lessons and realise that interfering in Syria is only likely to replace one evil with a greater one. Good intentions are not enough. 
Was an absolute non answer..
Saudi Regime is the most moderate government a country full of well resourced fanatics would accept..  Without them the situation could be so very much worse.
God forbid the literal hell on earth unleashed should the Saudi royal family fall and ISIS like extremists take over the country and the holy shrines. It would make ISIS look like a tea party.

The situation is fucked, and the Saudi royal family have historically played a major part in getting everything fucked, but if they suddenly went doesn't bare thinking about. 

Similar to Assad - obviously he/they are a core problem in the situation, but directly removing them is like throwing a match into a oil tanker.
I see people complaining that we support 'vile barbaric' regimes like this, and I see the very same people complain when we step in to overthrow said regimes. 

Maybe it would be nicer if all countries were liberal democracies, but they aren't and we have to deal with that.
Well, that changed fuck all.
Look. Doug. If there's one thing dave doesn't like, it's opposition. Or living souls in syria. or apologising. or poor people. or not helping his friends from oxford and eton make oodles of money out of the devastation that's going to be left in the wake of the devastation that's about to be wrought in the middle east. Or, indeed, the kind of money that saudi brings in by buying arms that they then give to isis.

*But none of this makes him a bad guy.*
Not wrong. they are pretty bad, although compared to the rest of the region they are about on par. But there are enough issues going on in that region as it, the Saudi government falling would add to the clusterfuck immeasurably, so we do business with them and nudge them to do what we want.

Without SA, Yemen probably goes down the shitter, Oman probably too. Iran would very much take advantage of the situation and support Shia groups all over the place unchecked and that would add yet more fuel to the fire. Saudi Arabia may change into something more comfortable for us to stomach, but not now. The region is in enough trouble as it is.
Do they come to this country? 

To me, it seems that most of the more militants are second generation. Another post mentioned that all identified attackers from last week were European nationals. The Charlie Hebdo attackers were French born. Even the 7/7 London Bombers were all British born. 
I'm glad my parents are well-integrated. I fucking hate a large portion of the Muslim community I grew up with.
I like how the video names him as a "Muslim scholar" simply because he's standing in front of a bookshelf. Of course he's right in what he says, but it didn't exactly come across as most 'scholarly' of speeches!
That was amazing, perhaps more F bombs than required, but he makes a compelling argument.
Can't say he is wrong 
We need more muslims like this guy speaking out against ISIS.
Taking social media by Storm?  It oesn't appear anywhere on my FB feed and with 78 votes on Reddit I'd hardly say that it was anything but a small video on the DM site?
Got to give the daily mail credit. They wanted to run a title that says "If you don't like this country why the F did you come here" and they found a way. 
Has everyone forgotten the whole Trojan horse incident where conservative Muslim parents tried to gain control of school governors boards in order to influence policy? I'd say there's quite a deep routed conservative Islamic power base out there, unhappy with British values and want to bring it more in line with theirs. 
You know, I'm actually going to click a Daily Mail link for a change.
Disgusting racism, hopefully this man is hounded out of his job by the social media mafia and criminal proceedings are bought against him... oh wait, he's brown, nevermind, carry on.
Jihadi Jez and his comrades will not be happy with this
They don't all go there as some are born there. That is the scary thing, you'd normally expect a high degree of integration after a couple of generations.  But it is reasonable to say that if they are so unhappy with the system they can leave and live the dream in a muslim theocracy.

I don't think the aim of the terrorist attacks are to scare them into installing sharia law, that does not make sense.  They want French people to lash out at the muslims there and drive more into their ranks. They need more suicide bombers but also skilled people from the west to help them build their state.  

They are being hammered in their territory and are lashing out punitively.


I'll wait to see all the cries of racism from the usual suspects in this sub. I'm sure they'll be along soon.
Correct. Well done fella.
The question on everyone's lips.
He seems to have accepted the racist narrative of the EDL, BNP, UKIP, etc. People of all races, nationalities, national origins, ethnic or tribal groups, religions, genders, sexual preferences, cis or trans, are ALL equally entitled to express views on the nature and direction of British society.   

(although obviously not racist, sexist, homophobic, classist, misogynist, cisist, views, or climate denial).
Dm;dr
Appalled?  Yes.

Shocked?  Not at all.
Polls seem to be used more to skew opinion more than report on it.

I no longer trust them from any standpoint.
Frankly, I don't know why the Sun would even ask for a survey to be done, when it's so much cheaper just to make up the numbers they want to print.
When he says conducted, I assumed he meant that he led the project or had some high position within it. Instead he was merely a caller. 


Of course, his criticisms are as valid as they have always been for this kind of thing. Using closed-questions to try and create a quantitative data-set for such complex social issues has many weaknesses. We have known this for a long time. Using subjective words and concepts like 'sympathy' just compounds this issue.

Regardless, ignoring reactionary headlines, the data is still valuable. Polls like this produce a picture of the UK's Muslim population opinions that we otherwise would not have. 


I doubt Survation are particularly shocked about the findings, it would have been quite obvious what the Sun would run after the data was collected. Part of their job is being neutral, which is why they distance themselves from these kinds of things.
This just in, ambiguously worded questions and statistics can be occasionally misleading and used to further narratives. 
So when are the editors of The Sun going to appear in court for inciting racial hatred? This just shows how much the media is deliberately whipping up religious hatred, and we have a fucking law against that. The media need to be held to the law more than anyone on this matter and more than anytime right now.
Aren't vice owned by news corp?


I'm shocked that they are reporting upon the emotional reaction of someone who ranks slightly beneath intern.                  
Wait, no, never mind, it's just Vice being Vice. 
Well given the FSA is a spent force and the Kurds are normally refered to as such. When you refer to Rebels in Syria, I mean there is some flavour of islamism there these days.

Not all ISIS obviously far from it in many cases. But yeah its fairly limited what 'Rebel' could mean these days and Assad murdering Sunni muslims by the neighbourhood full is a bit of a hot topic in the UK's sunni community.

So basically yeah, still remains not quite that simple as the Sun being racist.
I'm so glad that the PC idiots have disproved these obviously fake polls and that there aren't currently 3 thousand [Islamists currently being monitored](http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/606092/Islamist-Extremist-Islamic-State-ISIS-MI5-Britain-Andrew-Parker-Security-David-Cameron) and I'm really glad that there wasn't 338 terror related arrests between [2014 and 2015.](http://d20tdhwx2i89n1.cloudfront.net/image/upload/t_next_gen_article_large_767/ccekq6djfnpxjpak9oxe.jpg) even better news there isn't 100 reports [every week](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/nearly-100-new-british-extremists-6341833)  about british Islamists, not to mention the made up (probably by the Jews right?) [7 foiled attempts](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9b91692-8c57-11e5-8be4-3506bf20cc2b.html) at mass killing attacks in the last 6 months. 

Let's everyone congratulate the head in the sand brigade for proving beyond doubt that there is no problems in the UK with Islamism and extremism with British Muslims. Because who would want the issues looked at or any attempt made to stop it getting worse, when we can just pretend that it's all some fake conspiracy by the sun news paper made to hurt the feelings of the poor old hard done by Islamists.
Could we see the raw data, instead of the editorialising, please?
Seems to me that suddenly the results are out and Muslims and Leftards are up in arms because it reveals the uncomfortable truth that many Muslims feel sympathy for or affinity with Islamists.
Vice is just about as, if not more so, biased than the Sun is. So you're not really making a great case here.
She almost dismisses it too readily, but the best argument against the centralised collection of data is that the government are fucking shit at protecting data.

The quickest route to a nefarious use of private data is a hack, not the almost unimaginable end of liberal parliamentary democracy.

One thing I don't understand, is how they expect any half-decent terrorists to be using anything other than TOR (the anonymous internet browser used by everyone from human rights activists, to paedophiles, to internet drug dealers). As soon as someone downloads this free public software (ideally using TAILS operating system), they are virtually impossible to trace. If *I* know that, as a non-computer expert, why don't the Government's computer security experts? 
Tory MPs: If even the Telegraph thinks your security-related legislation is utterly bonkers, you might want to step back and wonder if you're doing it wrong.

I was under the illusion that the right wanted small government, not that they wanted a huge state apparatus for monitoring all the communications of every citizen.

This editorial eloquently explains the dangers of such a system.
I believe Britain views this as an abstract concept that doesn't affect it. There a a few obstacles to overcome if there is to be a public debate over this.

Personal info is being hoovered up by a vast number of 3rd parties, so this is viewed as being no different. 

There seems to be automatic link between encroaching surveillance and being kept 'safe'. 

Daily concerns tied to jobs, income and the cost of living.

The biggest issue, I'd argue, is apathy. Just look at voter turnouts.

  
&gt; Of course I understand that we are up against a peculiarly – perhaps unprecedentedly – nihilistic enemy whose motives and methods are almost beyond rational understanding.

People have such short memories. Did we not just have a decade of proactive wars, traumatising and murdering large numbers in the middle east?.. What do these people who wonder at terrorism expect??.. a thank you!? Hopefully if Chilcot's report does anything, it will make such base error explicit in a way that people widely can acknowledge without fearing that they too are cast as supporters of 'them'.
I think it was already established that the passports found were fakes.
Entirely possible they were foreign ighters in syria you know. 
Hmm I wonder why ISIS wants us to think they are Syrian refugees? 

To undermine our morality and punish the people fleeing from ever having a normal life perhaps? To incite hatred and drive a wedge between reasonable people of the world? 

It's working
ThinkProgress is not a reliable source for news. They are a special interest organization headquartered in Washington, D.C. Is there another source for this? 

Maybe the attackers were European citizens but they gained entry to Europe through the refugee crisis. 

According to officials:
&gt;The passport found near the Paris attacker was used to gain entry to the Greek island of Leros on 7 October by someone claiming refugee status, then used to travel through Macedonia, Serbia and Croatia, before entering France.
This is a curious article, as if it is an exercise in EU branding.  Calling them European Nationals describes nothing.  It denotes neither colour or creed, lineage or likeness.  Some were French, some were Belgian, one was arrested in Serbia etc.  

I wonder how the hivemind is going to twist this to them being right about refugees. 
In the minds of most people cricising these attackers for not being "european" simply living here or owning a passport doesn't really make you a french, german, belgium etc; national.

If I went to Japan, a tall white dude, and only ate fish and chips, watched Dr Who and walked around only speaking English, only talking to brits and refusing to integrate in the slightest, despite owning a Japanese passport, I doubt many Japanese people would consider me "spiritually" japanese

I doubt this news changes much, because it's a hard pill to swallow that Abdhul Europhater the suicide bomber is truly European, despite moving to a muslim ghetto in belgium years ago.
Only because it will take longer to identify the non European attackers
Its a well known fact that there are parts of Europe which are breeding the same kind of extremism seen within ISIS, so it would not be a surprise if the majority of the attackers were European. 

However, there have been proven links between some of the identified attackers and Syria. There was clearly communication going on, and it is very likely that the attack was planned from both Syria and Europe.

ISIS has said on multiple occasions that they were sending their people through as refugees. Perhaps they weren't the ones who blew themselves up this time, but does anyone still believe that they were bluffing?

People will defend the handling of the refugee crisis by saying that "you cannot ever be sure that the people you let in aren't terrorists", but the point of having things like boarder controls is not to eliminate the risk, but to reduce it as far as possible. For the last few months Europe has been doing essentially nothing to ensure that the people who come here are not terrorists, and that has been a serious mistake. 
They aren't native Europeans though, they're all 2nd generation immigrants, which goes to show that even those non-European immigrants and refugees who don't mean to cause us problems can still cause us problems down the line when their children grow up and try to kill us infidels. 
What is the source for this claim? I can only find it on partisan US blogs. The thinkprogress article links to a telegraph liveblog that has no mention of it. Can't find any other outlets reporting it.

e: Finally, [found it](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11999949/Paris-France-terror-attacks-isil-suspects-Syria-Raqqa-boming-arrests-live.html#update-20151116-1705). Not quite the definitive pronouncement...

16th November 1705
&gt; Matthew Holehouse writes: Federica Mogherini, the EU's chief diplomat, says that all the attackers are so far believed to be EU citizens. She speaks after a meeting of EU foreign ministers.

&gt;"Let me underline, the profile of the terrorists so far identified tells us this is an internal threat," said the High Representative. She notes the external EU border is an issue regarding returning jihadis. But she adds: "It is all EU citizens so far. This can change with the hours, but so far it is quite clear it is an issue of internal domestic security."

&gt;Her comments may be part of a pre-emptive effort to help defend Schengen in the coming weeks.
This is worse. These people should be integrated
Doesn't change the fact that a number of the odious cunts were able to slip into Syria and back countless times, hiding amongst the refugee stream. The blood is on the hands of the likes of Merkel and Stefan Löfven for encouraging unvetted acceptance of those seeking "refuge" and essentially proving to ISIS how easy it is to get around the continent once you get in.

The EU's apologists need to stop trying to save face and accept that the union's lax border controls and "come one come all" policy on Syrian refugees contributed to the planning and orchestration of this attack.

Still, when even a liberal like Hollande is calling for tight border controls and threatening a "Europe of barbed wire fences", you know the penny has dropped. The Schengen zone is dead in the water. Free movement within the EU is incompatible with the security of nation states.
Why is it so hard for people to understand a basic principle such as hate begets hate. Once that hate is in place its far harder to come back from it and you are less likely to see reason. I dare say the social media frenzy, the spreading of fake videos and the villificiation of anything seen as middle eastern is not helping any sitation at all. No wonder most politicians see their population as sheep to be hearded rather than people to be respected.
A fair few folks here will have sympathised with terrorists. The ANC were terrorists at various times through their history for a start. Many of us have sympathy towards the cause of the Palestinians if not the methods they used. 

Our governments have supported terrorist groups all over the world most notably the mujahideen. 

Or Cameron and loyalist paramilitaries, or the ANC

His point was both incredibly rude, ill thought out, un-parliamentary and disingenuous. I could previously disagree with him but at least respect him, now i see him as nothing but a bastard out for his own and his chums image
Saudi Arabia is an ISIS that made it. If Corbyn is a terrorist sympathizer, Cameron is a terrorist lover.
Cameron's 70000 boots on the ground to take on ISIS are terrorists according to the Syrian and Russian government.
This has been addressed ad infinitum. Cameron is a world leader that needs to engage in realpolitik, dealing with unsavoury countries and people. Corbyn as a back bencher did not need to and nor does he as a opposition party leader. That said it was still a silly thing to repeat. 
I believe the obvious but very real reason why Cameron has a relationship with the Saudi's is the reason Russia got so strong during the cold war. Oil. I know it is a cliché but it really is true. 

If the price of Oil continues to languish down here than they will fall as the Russians did. Death by economic ruin. This is why western governments are so keen to start fracking. It removes a huge barrier to war since they have their own supply. Although to do that they would also need oil (WTI) around $70 to make it worthwhile. The west can afford to wait and enjoy the cheap oil in the mean time. It may however force governments into giving unpleasant subsidises to oil companies to keep them alive, which will be a real winner with the pubic. 

However, is it worth noting that the US is now a net exporter of oil, which is a huge game changer. In theory they could now get high on their own supply. 

sympathy

noun

1.
feelings of pity and sorrow for someone else's misfortune.
"they had great sympathy for the flood victims"
synonyms:	commiseration, pity, condolence, consolation, comfort, solace, support, encouragement.


2.
understanding between people; common feeling.

I don't think Cameron has sympathy for the human rights abuses of Saudi, neither does Corbyn etc regards Syria. It was a childish, blatantly false, demagogic, piteous thing for Mr. Cameron to say.
It's not like the Tory's are the first government to sell weapons to the Saudi's. UK military companies have been doing it for decades.
Why not both?
What about Prime minister N and Saudi Arabia.

They have been a key part of the oil supply since the 1920'ies. We need this to function, this is why we are nice to them and occasionally help them maintain internal stability because the alternative is fucking stagflation out of the wazoo.

I doubt anyone likes them.

Hardly the knock down argument people think it is, a geo-politics where we only deal closely with ideological palatable nations would be nice, but history has not left us in a position to do this. 
The Saudi Government are an example of a government being moderately successful in keeping a country full of completely ISIS level of crazy people mostly under control.                       
             
Without the current leadership it would be a clusterfuck.
Get out of the colonial mindset Reddit, Corbyn sympathizes with the following: ANC (fought in SA against Apartheid), Hamas (fighting against Israeli occupation), IRA (fought in Ireland against English occupation). He never said he respects Blair, who made the UK go to war in Iraq against Saddam. He never said he respects Saudi's the chief sponsors of 9/11 and every fucking conflict the world has seen since. 
Ah. Well you see that's different, because when Syria's all cleared up, Cameron will be bringing in billions in business to his chums, and continuing to assist in selling arms to terrorist supporting regimes such as saudi arabia.
They both have deeply concerning relations with islamic extremists. Cameron with the flag at half-mast after the death of the King of Saudi Arabia, Corbyn with describing Hamas as 'dedicated to peace and social justice and political justice'.

Cameron, I think, has more of an excuse. There's at least a case for the Prime Minister to be dealing with some extremely unpleasant regimes. Not a case I agree with, but one I accept. There isn't any excuse for a backbencher to be openly praising Hamas.

Overall, though, I think the whole thing is stupid. I can't believe Cameron is refusing to apologise for calling those against action 'terrorist sympathisers'. I'm in favour of bombing but he does the case more harm than good by using that kind of language.
Im going to flat out forgive the Tories for all their lying for PR purposes. Lets face it, that's pretty common even though they probably are the worst ones for it.But lying about policy so much I pretty indefensible because it shouldn't be necessary. If you have logic, reason and sound argumentation to back up your beliefs you should feel no need to lie through your teeth about them. I can still, even then, forgive a bit of bending the truth but this is the problem when a party decides to present themselves as all things to all people. They HAVE to lie a lot to maintain that image because its impossible to actually be it.
Seems to be a lot of... I'll be generous and say bending of the truth by the conservatives compared to under the coalition.  Actually worrried about another 4.5 years of this relentless PR machine as it works with the majority of people. Can do almost whatever they like if they say the right soundbite or throw enough 'stats' at the public.
Even if he gets everything he wants from this no one's going to care.
Well, Hodges must feel pretty silly right now.
It's a pain to compare between national elections and by elections due to potentially large variations in the turn out, but the drop in total turn out is within expectations. Once you take that into account, the fact that labour still managed to increase their vote share by a significant quantity should not be undersold. It's not an ironclad endorsement of the labour leadership, but a fairly strong piece of evidence in their favour. Hodges should probably reign it in a little bit until more evidence comes out in his favour.
There were two trains of thought regarding Labour's support in their heartlands under Corbyn. The first was that Corbyn's leadership would consolidate support in the traditional Labour seats among the 'core vote', and the second (which I believed) was that Corbyn's pro-immigration, anti-monarchy schtick would cause some of Labour's traditional support to look elsewhere.

 

In the end, neither looks to be completely right. This result was typical of a by-election in a safe seat on a rainy December day; so much so, that if it hadn't been billed as Corbyn's big first test it wouldn't really be news at all. The Corbyn factor didn't cause the working classes to turn out in great numbers to offer their support (as normal, turnout was much lower than in a General Election) but neither did it drive thousands of traditional voters into the arms of UKIP. So it isn't a ringing endorsement of Corbyn, but it isn't a damning indictment of him either.

 

Perhaps that's just where we're at. Perhaps Corbyn won't have much impact, one way or another. We're still bumbling along at around 30% in the polls, we're still able to keep hold of our heartlands, we're still making no progress whatsoever in Scotland. It may be that Corbyn's leadership turns out to be neither the resounding success nor the complete catastrophe that the two sides of the coin had been expecting.
I think wrong Dan Hodges predictions will soon overtake dodgy libdem bar charts and the chief form of political comedy
The election has given everyone an easy way to figure out whether a reporter is pro or anti Corbyn.

If the by-election was reported as "won with a lower majority", they don't like Corbyn. If it was reported as won with "an increased percentage", they're supporters.
https://twitter.com/OwenJones84/status/672584491580465152

hahahaha
Always found this guy really creepy in debates/interviews...
Pretty desperate stuff from Hodges but any claim that Corbyn was instrumental in this victory should be taken with a grain of salt.  I think McMahon's stellar work as a council leader probably had more to do with it.
I don't know much about this guy, but the vibe I'm getting is that of a loser.
Some tweets from today:

"I'm not sure Corbynites quite understand the difference between "vote share" and "majority".

OK, it's been fun, but bed calls. Corbyn crushed Ukip. That's what matters. Good for him.

People need to stop saying Ukip are "whining" over Oldham postal votes. They're not. They're being racist. Again.
Turnout was 40%. i.e. not comparable. Most people vote on a country level, not constituency. 

I'm not supporting either way, as someone who has voted for every major party other than UKIP I am not inherently biased towards a party.
Whatever Dan Hodges says, you can be sure the exact opposite will happen. 
https://twitter.com/graemeb11/status/672586136020115456
Thats pretty desperate.


Ironically the candidate that won is a blairite.
dan hodges is extremely good at predicitng how national political society will respond to the labour party based on how the labour party presents itself.

he was spot on that labour would lose ge15, and was consistently saying as much from 2011 onward.

i believe he is also right that labour have no chance at winning ge20 under corbyn.

he is not so good when  he strays from this macro view of the labour party, i.e. talking about other parties, or micro detail of labour happenings.

i am not a labour person  and don't agree with him much politically, but he is at times an astute observer.
On the plus side, he's holding up something he's actually read which is progress of sorts.
Chairman Lmao.
Osbourne's response was good. 

He opened it and said "Oh look, it's his own signed copy." 
It's like playing politics on hard mode.

Opponent suggests you're a danger to national security? Make dodgy statements on not shooting terrorists.

Opponent suggests you're a Communist? Wave Mao's red book around in the chamber.
As Robert Harris pointed out: 

&gt;Well, Labour Party members wanted a final break with the sleek professionalism of New Labour, and now they sure have got it. Good luck
For the love of god Labour, Osborne just u-turned on the tax credits (kinda) now is the time to attack and bask in some scrap of victory. Open goal!

No. McDonnel READS A QUOTE FROM CHAIRMAN MAO 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CUqaId6WcAEgryU.png

Tory response was hilarious.

"It's his personal signed copy!" 
I'm a Corbynite ideologically.

But is he and his allies so fucking absorbed into their academic circles that they can't work out the basics of mainstream political communication?
It was seriously incompetent statement by John McDonnell.  He's swept up in his own hubris.  Here's a few mistakes he made:

- He had a good joke about the Chancellor being 'Bob the Builder' but his execution was terrible.  He should have said something about both their building projects being imaginary.  

- Spending ages attacking the tax credit cuts which had just been cancelled without finding a good line to stick the knife in.  

- Attacking the Chancellor for having the debt and deficit being too high repeatedly, without setting out how he would have got them lower.  His credibility on these issues is so low it just seemed like he was attacking himself.  

- Reading from Chairman Maos book.  He's criticising the Chancellor for getting into bed with a capitalist govt that used to be communist by reading from one of their evil former communist leaders?  Which he must know will backfire and associate his brand of socialism with the evils and incompetence of Mao.  

- Saying something along the lines of this being the Chancellors best budget but that the Chancellors chickens were going to come home to roost.  He should be criticising the Chancellor for what is happening now, not for what he thinks will go wrong for him in the future.  

- EDIT: I forgot a huge one.  At the beginning he talked about how 'dire' the economy was back in 2010 before the Tories took over!  No idea what criticism he thought he was making of the Tories by saying that.  
This is it. We've reached peak politics. I thought we'd reached it at the EdStone but I was wrong.
McDonnell needs to pace himself. There isn't really many more extreme left wing leaders who are more unpopular than Mao.

To top this next time, he can really only quote Joseph Stalin or Jeremy Corbyn. 
That happened. That actually happened. That happened. That actually happened. 
[Dumb idea but to be fair the tories did it first.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-RPVor1Tiw). Though really only a dumb idea because he is who he is and the view he holds. Can hardly attack the Tories for being communist.
Seumas Milne: 'Alright, well if you won't quote Stalin, John, at least do Mao 'awight?'
Today was an open goal for Labour and supprise supprise John McDonnell manages to score in his own net.


When the electorate disprove of your party for being to far left maybe pulling out a mao quote isn't the best idea
Looks like they've realised they have no hope of still being leaders of the party in 2020, let alone winning an election, so they're just in it for the banter now
We all know what he really meant, but its unbelievably naive for him to have planned this in advance and still not realised what the inevitable headlines would be

This will go down brilliantly on the doorsteps of Oldham, thats for sure
He was trying to make a joke about the Tories relationship with China but it backfired terribly.
Someone please kill me.
Labour leadership need to be send to a forced re-education camp for public relations. 
I swear Corbyn and co. are trying to put the Daily Mash out of business the way they're going on.
What the actual fuck. I'm getting more and more convinced they want to fail as soon as possible. Or am I just really tired and this is some shitty parliament in-joke that's went over my head?
Does he have anyone in his office who would stop him doing these stupid things? 
This is becoming too easy. Do they even have PR people?
One shit joke in exchange for a volley back off osbourne. This is cringe worthy. 
But guys, Mao was in power for so long, the people must've loved him!
Next up, Joseph Stalin
By Jove... Something tells me John didn't buy that book this morning for the occasion. I can't say I ever expected this, it's quite unbelievable that he'd *actually* quote a communist in parliament, even if for a joke, what on Earth was he thinking? 

Still doesn't beat Gladstone whipping out the Quran in parliament though.
https://vine.co/v/iz0q95rDT7P
He's not advocating Maoism, he's just referencing a quote.

But don't let that stop you trying to point-score.


Was it his personal copy that he threw across to Gideon? And does he always carry it around with him just in case he needs to whip it out and make a point? 
McDonnell is certainly trying to end the politics of PR and spin, by scoring an own goal that doesn't need to spun.
If this lot are still in by the election it will be the red book  the tories are waving around instead of the 'there's no money left' note
Why do Tories hate us? We were your friends a few a go. Tories are very disloyal. 
Next week : The Labour party has formally adopted the Juche ideology as the basis for their next manifesto..

Oh wait that heavily supports the military, maybe not 
For all the attention these lefty populists are getting recently, let's not forget the Marxist ideas they advocate have killed millions and millions of people, because they fundamentally don't work. 
There's a joke about Maovember in there somewhere...
Top banter. If you're going to get savaged whatever you say at least have a smile on your face.
[Tory MP Dan Byles reads from Mao's little Red Book in Parliament](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-RPVor1Tiw)
I've read harry potter. That now means I advocate killing children, elves, owls and cats. I will allow monsters out of their prisons. I will kill someone because they ask me to and I also believe I will come back from the dead.

Seriously people, its a damn book, it doesn't mean the guy's entire aim in life is dictated by it, its just a very good quote and apt for the current situation. 
JFC, who cares? While we're busy taking some dumb Labour gesture out of context the government are getting away with lying to our faces about rising domestic abuse, amongst other things. Which is more important?

Whatever happened to doing away with the deficit in one parliament by the way?
[**@daily_politics**](https://twitter.com/daily_politics):
&gt;[2015-11-25 13:58:59 UTC](https://twitter.com/daily_politics/status/669515627996934145)

&gt;John McDonnell quotes Chairman Mao's Little Red Book to @George\_Osborne [#bbcdp](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23bbcdp) [#SpendingReview](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23SpendingReview)  [*twitter.com*](https://twitter.com/daily_politics/status/669515627996934145)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3u7tct%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

So what was the actual quote?
[deleted]
Not blaming you OP, but Britain, Canada, New Zealand and Australia is not the same thing as "the Commonwealth". The Commonwealth is a huge collection of countries, many of which are quite poor and culturally dissimilar to us.

Still, I completely support free movement between Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and ourselves. I can't see why that's mutually exclusive with EU freedom of movement, though, the only other country I'd imagine we'd have to agree the area with is Ireland.
Of course we support free movement with Canada, New Zealand and Australia, they're all [independently defined as being better places to live than the UK](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_HDI). 

But the [Commonwealth](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth_of_Nations) is a lot more than those three nations, and includes many developing countries as well as those three nice, English-speaking developed nations.
The [Commonwealth](http://thecommonwealth.org/member-countries) is more than just the UK and those three countries. I doubt freedom of movement "within the Commonwealth' would be as popular if it included Pakistan, Rwanda, and Sierra Leone.

That aside, I'm glad people are now starting to look at post-EU options seriously.

Of course there are people who will vote to Leave under any circumstances, just as there are people who will vote to Stay under any circumstances. For me, it's important for both sides to make their case, so I can make an informed decision.
Probably because half of the population of the UK would move to Australia in a heartbeat.

Hell, half out doctors are going, we might as well join them. 
What's wrong with people from the EU?  Are they backward or something?
Australia would never agree to a free movement with us, so it is a moot point.
I would like that, it makes more sense that we would have freedom of movement with the commonwealth realms than we would with Eu members.

If I had a choice to live and work in France or live and work in Canada, I would pick Canada, it would feel more like home to me. Plus, these countries are up and coming, their economies are growing and they're developing very skilled people very quickly and we kinda owe a duty of care to them considering they were once part of an empire that saved our arses.
The hope is for only these four Commonwealth nations because of shared language, government and common law legal systems and similar cultural values. There has been a petition on [Change.org](https://www.change.org/p/parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-parliament-of-australia-parliament-of-canada-parliament-of-new-zealand-advocate-and-introduce-legislation-promoting-the-free-movement-of-citizens-between-the-uk-canada-australia-and-new-zealand) for a while. It was shared again somewhere two weeks ago and signatures jumped up by nearly 25,000.
They should join the EU 
Children are living with their parents much longer these days so I suppose it makes sense 
We shouldn't have this for obvious reasons others have stated, but what we should consider doing is creating a Commonwealth Realm trade/defence agreement. Of course we'd have to be outside the EU to do this, but it would give other nations around the world a lot more of an incentive to keep the monarchy as their head of state. Those countries included would be:

Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Jamaica, Antigua and Barbuda, Belize, Papua New Guinea, St Kitts and Nevis, St Vincent and the Grenadines, Tuvalu, Barbados, Grenada, Solomon Islands, St Lucia and The Bahamas.
Commonwealth like Australia maybe but tell someone we're going to have free movement with Jamaica or India and they'll have a bloody heart attack.
Scottish guy here! 
All I can say is I agree that it'd certainly looking like an awesome idea, for us! But I want to know how residents in Canada, Australia and New Zealand all feel about it? 
And yeah, my first thought was "what about those developing, poor countries?". Last thing we need is for those poor countries to lose all their residents for "better lives", all that happens is their country gets abandoned and it's situation worsens.. 

Anyway.. Speaking personally, I'd love for this to all happen. My family and I would seriously consider going to Canada! It'd also be super cool to see Canadians, Aussies and NZ'ers here in my country too!
I doubt Australia, NZ and Canada are too interested on open borders with us tbh
Today I Learned: White people like white people.
I love how even when there's tensions between Russia and the rest of us, all of the space related projects we cooperate on seem to go ahead with no problems or drama.


They will criticise the US for something publically but still send that capsule up to collect their humies from the ISS.


They're not an inherently bad bunch.
Good, we need to be talking to Russia if we ever want to see positive change in the country, just being wankers to them just entrenches their position.
Putin and Assad might not be our cup of tea but they are rational people that can be worked with.
Whatever you think of their laws regarding social issues, their obvious corruption, and their actions in Ukraine etc, Russia are an ally in the fight against Islamism and we should be working together to create a long term solution in the Middle East.
Are economic sanctions bringing Russia to the table? The Paris "revival" sounds like an appropriate device for Russia to save face.
Did we forget the Russian sponsored terrorists/separatists to shoot down an airplane full of civies. How quickly we forget. 
I think thats a bad thing. Surely better to sit there and poke the bear with a stick while trying to get rid of Assad (for no particular reason)?


 /s
So one of Corbyns foreign policy suggestions was right?
Will be interesting to see how this plays out. I think theres an argument for supporting a despot in Syria to suppress Daesh and stop them from gaining a foothold, effectively keeping the fight over there, rather than here in Europe. 

But this would mean the west would have to massively change its attitude that democracy is best, and would have to basically tolerate a murderous dictator.

I think this would be a pretty hard position for the Conservatives to take. They'd be held responsible for anything Assad did to Syrians if they supported him being in power, and given his track record it could all get a bit squalid. We'd have blood on our hands.

And in the end it still might not protect us from the kind of attacks we saw in Paris. This is a really tough situation. I don't envy Cameron, there isn't really an easy way out of this.
Airstrip One has always been at war with Eastasia.
Good. Russia isn't who we should be quarrelling with. 
They poison tea. That is unforgivable 
Mistakes into miracles.
Reminds me a bit of WW2. The Allies and Soviet Russia did not like each other at all, but Germany was a bigger threat to both of them so they decided to team up. 

It's in both the West and Russia's interests to destroy ISIS, so why not work together?
I think at heart the russians, usa, france, britain, germany etc. have quite a lot of things in common. One of those things is a common hatred for ISIS and a general feeling of unease about the Islamic movement as a whole.
Good news. Working with the Russian's on this certainly makes more sense to me than not. We've been cosying up to China and India in recent months, but I feel we need to form a stronger friendship with the Russian's to ensure peace in Europe and in the Middle-East.
Good.
About bloody time. 
VPN services... So hot right now.
I love it how Tories are SILENT whenever this issue is brought up. What? Can't handle the fact that your party is full of authoritarian bellends?
[deleted]
"warns Apple chief"Someone from a company who records whereever you take you iDevice.Fuck him.
And John Bercow sat through it all, what a viewpoint from which to watch history happen.
I was somewhat disappointed with a lot of the rhetoric surrounding a no vote meaning a full stop vote against action. A lot of Labour MPs spoke about how we have to act, yet went on to say that air strikes wouldn't really help - but that they'd vote for them anyway.

A vote against air strikes wouldn't have been a vote against action - but simply a vote against what Cameron has proposed, which I (and many others) don't believe will make the necessary impact against Daesh in Syria, and may well result in further civilian fatalities.

Edit/Addition: What I will say however, is I was really impressed with some of the speeches and debate from today's session - from both sides of the argument, and across all parties. Even as someone who tends to sit to on the left, I took great pleasure in listening to the likes of David Davis, Julian Lewis and of course Caroline Lucas - as well as many others who put their cases forward. It's always great to see parliament put petty politics to the side and engage in a real positive discussion.
Labour vote didn't matter. Tories won with Lib Dem and DUP support alone.
When do we find out how each MP voted?

Edit: Complete list here:
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-34987921

And a good graph of the info at the end of this article:
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34992032
Only time will tell. I was against but it is what it is unfortunately.
I honestly think there's no best option, you just have to pick one of the options and do it and adapt to the best of your abilities as you go. 
Wasn't even close, a majority of 170-odd.
Cant wait to watch the documentary "Britain war in Syria: 10 years on", should be a good watch... 
They have drones like we do, and they're programmed just like ours are. The difference is that theirs are cheaper, better hidden, have a longer range, and they're made of flesh and blood, without Hellfire missiles but holding AK47s.
Every time we use ours, we create more of theirs.
[Ayy bomb them](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=U56B_a66uxM)
Given the uproar I've seen on the internet I'm disappointed this didn't go to a referendum. I realise the for/against % was pretty close, but I would be curious to see how people would vote if the matter was in their hands 
Yayyy! We're helping!!!11 I feel all warm and fuzzy. Let's get some [Thunderstruck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2AC41dglnM) on to get our blood pumping for the explosions.

Never mind there isn't an after plan of what  happens with Assad or the other groups or a post war plan, or any coherent plan that deals with the countries and groups funding these extremists, those whom are our allies or operating in the territory of our allies, we have no plan other than bomb.


In Iraq, the bombing campaign is done in conjunction with the Iraqi government and Kurdistan Regional Government. Winning ground back is possible due to coordination and ground troops.

In Syria, we'll just bombing and hope for the best, but at least we get to wave our big military willy on the world stage and get to act like one of the big boys.
How many labour rebels?
I've always wondered if it is rushed, because surely they can't tell us exactly what they were going to do, otherwise ISIS would know and react accordingly? I hope that makes sense. They can't tell us every plan they have.
It's a start. It must not be a replacement for what really needs to be done - a peace treaty between Assad and whatever rebels will have it, and international peacekeepers to enforce it, destroy ISIS and rebuild Syria - but anything that harms ISIS is quite welcome.
As usual we will simply choose to bomb our problems onto the next generation in absence of any other ideas. An endless cycle of bullshit sentiment and self defeating wars fuelled by political incompetence and a lack of ideas. 

I await the envitable mess this will cause, the forthcoming enquiry, the election where its used as an example of a mistake the last guy made. Our new government being elected on the promise of doing things differently then immediately resorting to short sighted military action against the group our last military intervention created.
Great more bombs to throw on to the scenario, so well thought out. From the 70,000 army claims, to the terrorist sympathizer comments, Cameron seems fanatical and obsessed with supplying some bombs.

We have a political class scrambling other each other to bomb a country. Depressing really.  


The correct decision in my opinion, it is simply impossible to negotiate with the Islamic State, and the anti-airstrike people did not have a solution, only that they wanted to stop the bombing, which isn't a good enough reason in my eyes.
oh boy let's go 
Tonight is a sad night.
Mmh. I'm in two minds about this still. I don't see any scenario in which bombing improves things, but doing nothing will arguably make things worse. I'd rather we work with Russia and attempt to strike some kind of 'we get you back on level ground and you stop barrel bombing your own citizens' deal but I wouldn't know anything about the feasability of a plan like that. It just seems like a rushed decision that could lead to even further destabilisation, and I'm more than a little worried about fighting a proxy war what with Turkey goading Russia and helping fund ISIS.

What a terrible situation for the world to be in.
I don't understand the significant of the UK joining its allies in Syria when the UK is already involved in military action in Iraq, bombing ISIS is not a new concept for the UK. Please explain the difference.
How excited was that presenter? 
Is there anywhere that has a list of who voted which way? Can't seem to find it on the parliament website.
Who knows, maybe if we bomb the each country in the middle-east one by one we can destabilise it so much that it will cancel each other out.
^/s
[Oh shit, there goes the planet](https://youtu.be/Wr0FljlIGhc)
To me it seems like the problem is we are phrasing it as one thing. We HAVE to bomb Syria, or have NOT.
It seems that bombing and military action has failed in the past in multiple campaigns throughout the globe (I hesitate to mention any in fear of comparing situations, but alas I feel the point is valid). So my question is this:
Why can we not attack key areas to the upmost effect, but focus on cutting off power to IS through more political means, which I think long term is the better focus. The government should emphasise any attempts to calm the situation in the middle east as a whole in order to silence IS. A war will never bring about peace, when the war is built upon how people hate us intervening.

I... I don't know if that made much sense actually
Ahhhh fuck.
Division results now up in hansard: http://www.parliament.uk/business/publications/hansard/commons/todays-commons-debates/read/unknown/22/   (Scroll to the bottom)
I am glad that we had a long debate first.
I wonder why none of the other forces bombed these oil fields which were targetted first.. doesnt come across as a target that requires much precision.
Aside from the fact that the roles of aye and no are reversed, what was the distinct element within Amendment (b) which was not already contained in the main motion vote?
As said on the main megathread and I will post it here as well.

This will not be a Afghan or Iraq it will be 10x worse, these guys fought through these two insurgency, they handily defeated the American/British Trained Iraqi army before Western planes stepped in.

They are master tacticians with a finely tuned propaganda machine, go-to the clarion project (a thinktank that combats radicalisation, and read the latest Dabiq issue (IS official periodical) the sort of enemy we are fighting, far worse then Al-Queada, heck they are killing AQ fighters and the Somalian AQ has defected to IS.

They have strongholds in North Africa, India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Indonesia and many other places.
When in doubt, drop bombs and pray to the flying spaghetti monster that the situation on the ground magically improves. 
I hope the people of Syria will forgive us. 
Fantastic.
Afterwards they all had a laugh about something, that is disgusting
Well done
Regardless of the vote, today was great example of where our democratic system shines despite its faults.
For France.
[deleted]
I liked it when that man banged the table and raised his arms really high. "It is blood that moves the wheels of history!" Or something.  
There's a reason the lib dems repeatedly vetoed this. With the quite shocking spying already going on in GCHQ which was found out [previously](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jun/22/gchq-surveillance-two-human-rights-groups-illegal-tribunal), One can only wonder whether this is just another excuse to entirely strip all our privacy entirely and leave it bare. 
[They'll write Cameron an angry letter.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIPSvIz9NDs)
People keep conflating authoritarianism with being left or right wing. This is completely wrong. Left and right is entirely to do with management of the economy. It's a completely different spectrum to authoritarian/libertarian which is what the bill is concerned with. 
Many people have an idea in their head that left wing = peace loving and right wing = authoritarian but I'm afraid everyone who believes these things are misinformed about the left right divide. It's perfectly possible to be a hardcore libertarian and be right wing. The same goes for the left. The difference being between hippies that live in a commune (libertarian left) and Stalinism (authoritarian left)
Even when they have the right idea... I still don't think the UN has any credibility. Sorry, but the report on 'cyber violence' or in more technical terms "meany heads on twitter" just undid everything that could make me take them seriously. whatever they have to say on actual serious issues after considering twitter trolls something worthy of it's time... 

Frankly there's better places to go. 
Try as I might, I can't take the UN seriously.
I know I'm going to sound a whole load of get-off-my-lawn now, but is this not common knowledge?  Or is the author simply trotting it out for the benefit of clicks at the most appropriate time of year?  Surely kids are taught this stuff at school.
A silly straw man argument from the new statesman. The premise, that the wearing of a Guy Fawkes mask is a celebration of Guy Fawlkes's political ideology is an intentionally superficial reading of its place in modern culture. 

It fails to delineate the role of the mask in the film V for Vendetta where it was used by the masses to bestow anonymity while seeking to overthrow a dystopian future British parliament.

As we all know the symbolism was subsequently taken up by a number of groups, most notably anonymous.

This article's premise provides a neat opportunity for people to chortle at a section of the political spectrum they disagree with. The laugh however is a cheap one as it fails to engage with the reality of the motif as we find it.

It's a little depressing to see this sub quite pleased to take up this egregious critique with such gusto. It's nice to feel smarter than ones political opponents but when it is based on faulty argument the feeling should be dismissed rather than indulged. 
Everyone was a religious extremest fucktard in those days. Who even cares whether he was a good guy or not? It's just a cool story now. It's only marginally better than getting worked up over Robin Hood.
But what was his opinion on internet regulation?
&gt;Well done, anarchists. Well done on never reading a fucking book.

This accurately summarises my opinion of most anarchist news. 
Was researching him this morning and learned this. He wanted to install a Catholic Monarchy. Interesting. 
* Tenuous sociological links to fit a poor historical narrative? : Check
* Items taken out of context to justify one's argument (the tweet)?: Check.
* Finish off by insulting a group's intelligence and showing off intellectual elitism?: Fucking Check.

Typical New Statesman bullshit. 
'and not even one of the good ones?' 
wtf does that mean?
Pretty sure Guy Fawkes was looking after the gunpowder, wasn't he? Essentially the driver for a bank robbery.
Guy Fawkes was a patsy
Does it matter?  Do people actually see Guy Fawkes as a freedom fighter?  When people wear the mask is that what they are saying or have people changed it into a symbol that represents the something else? 
A terrifying terrorist.
Well he was fairly inept as a "Freedom fighter" considering his plot was an epic failure
I live only 3 miles from the house Guy Fawkes hid in before heading to London...the guys a tosser...didnt even have sky tv.
Guy Fawkes was the explosives expert, Robert Catesby masterminded the whole plan. Really it should be Catesby Night or something, but hey ho!
I don't think co-opting cultural institutions like bonfire night/guy falkes night as a means to focus demonstrations against the status quo implies any political or ideological affiliation with the historical Guy Falkes.


Everybody knows, thanks for stating the bleeding obvious. Under-stating  the "V for Vendetta"  connection to contemporary  protesters doesn't help either.
Well duh.. chaotic evil. Religious conservatives cannot think beyond their own.. it's all good v evil to them and theirs.
We celebrate the survival of the king (James) and it was even made so in law. It's the celebrations of capturing the 'terrorists' as the author calls them.
As someone of anarchistic leaning I was well aware that he was a religious fanatic.
Radical lefties are idiots, I'm not surprised. Oh, and so were the gunpowder plot crew. Do you know when they found out Fawkes got caught they legged it to some house in the countryside, where they proceeded to try and dry their gunpowder in front of a fire? I'm not going to give anyone points for guessing what happened. 

Also,

\&gt;tfw people think we shouldn't still be oppressing the catholics
I'll admit it - I didn't expect Labour to do very well. I thought they'd hold on with a slashed majority and that many more traditional Labour supporters would have gone to UKIP. I was wrong, well done Labour. 

Corbyn has passed his first test. I look forward to watching the next one. 
They will. The media, as would everyone else, would have said every single vote post by Labour was due to a negative Corbyn effect. An absolutely thrashing Labour victory however will be chalked up to other effects that are as distant from Corbyn as possible.Just look at what UKIP claim which is "Paki's won it for them.", for christs sake.
Of course they can! Honestly, Oldham is a ludicrously safe seat for Labour. If they didn't have a substantial majority there it would have been extremely surprising to everyone, and we'd need to find a reason.

If Labour *do* get a substantial majority there, then that means nothing has happened. A safe Labour seat remaining a safe Labour seat doesn't *need* an explanation. 

I will say though, Jim McMahon was an excellent candidate, and as a centrist, no doubt appealled to the middle classes that might normally have been turned off by Corbyn.
The win isn't that remarkable though - it's what you'd expect from a by-election in an opposition party's safe seat. It proves the naysayers convinced that Corbyn would drive voters to UKIP wrong, but doesn't prove that the working classes will flock to vote for Corbyn in droves.

No, it was a standard result. Turnout was down, as you'd expect, and the opposition party made modest gains in the vote share. If it suggests anything, it is that the effect of Corbyn in Labour's heartlands has been minimal. Which is better than a lot of people were expecting, but no cause for jubilation.
Something I don't understand about this bielection, is that Oldham is a safe labour seat? Surely, it shows nothing about his leadership?
It's a SAFE seat. The only 2 possible outcomes were stay the same or a loss; therefore it can't be described as a victory. 

Losing a safe seat would have been the fault of Corbyn; but the flipside maintaining the status quo doesn't deserve credit because a 'gain' wasn't a possible outcome.

Now if there is a byelection in a marginal seat or a Tory seat...
This just in ... the tyres on the car are still pumped up ... despite the engine seriously overheating, gasket failing, gearbox grinding, oil leaking and exhaust fallen off.
Oh of course course they can. They needn't be governed by logic. 
Say hello to the media, apparently you haven't met before. 
I don't know why he should get credit either way.

It's a by-election, all this nonsense that it shows Corbyn is a popular leader is bollocks and if they lost it wouldn't show he is an unpopular leader either. It's a by-election, it basically comes down to whether or not people can be arsed to go vote depending on whether it's raining or not.
Imported voters vote for party that imports more imported voters. News at 11.
I wasn't in Oldham but I have lots of friends who were

I don't know why Labour defied all expectations but it had nothing to do with Corbyn. I've seen some of the leaflets - *Labour* is barely mentioned, let alone Corbyn. It's all about 'vote for Jim'

Combined with a large Asian minority who hate UKIP (they were sending around vans blasting 'I'm dreaming of a white christmas for fuck sake) and seemingly the entirety of Manchester Labour descending on Oldham to get out the vote, and the fact that Corbyn cancelled a trip to Oldham because Labour knew he was toxic .. nothing to do with him.
Won't stop them trying.
He would have been responsible had they lost. He isn't responsible for their win. 
&gt; In a statement, the Islamic Society accused the atheist group of 'harassment'

It takes a breathtaking sense of entitlement to set about disrupting another groups meeting and then complain about "harassment".
These people invited a speaker who discussed methods of executions for apostates. The same apostates they claim are "harassing" their "safe space".

In a predictable move, FemSoc expressed solidarity with... the Islamists. The people harassing and intimidating a feminist ex-Muslim.

This is what the student left has come to. Useful retards making excuses for closet fascists.
Here's Maryam's [blog about what happened at the meeting](https://freethoughtblogs.com/maryamnamazie/2015/12/01/goldsmith-isoc/).
It always seems to be London Universities embroiled in this kind of thing. 
I hope student leaders come out and denounce this.
Safe space, fuck off
This is Goldsmiths of the "#killallwhitemen" fame, whose equalities officer didn't like white people despite being as pasty as fuck herself.

Goldsmiths sounds like a silly place.
[Meanwhile, the Guardian is putting forth the claim that people who think Islam should be reformed are simply racists.](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/dec/01/the-demand-for-islamic-reformation-is-just-another-brand-of-islamophobia?CMP=twt_gu)  So, the socialist Namazi, and other ex-Muslim critics of Islam would be considered far-right racists by the standards of the Guardian.
We are a becoming a fucking infantile and childlike society when we can't handle the most basic and even handed critisicm. That's not just this lot, it's anyone who believes in 'safe spaces'. God help you when get out into the real world. 
&gt;The Islamic Society spoke out in advance of the talk - titled 'Apostasy, blasphemy and free expression in the age of ISIS' - insisting Ms Namazie should not be allowed to speak because of her 'bigoted views'.

The bigots here are the far-right islamists who want everyone to follow by there dogmatic religion. 
Surely there's a simple "throw the book at them" solution, making deaths threats is a crime though an oft overlooked one
Goldsmiths: Where banning white men from events isn't racism, but having a lecture on blasphemy is.
How can someone be so offended over someone criticising their beliefs? I just really can't understand it. It's like Islam and free speech are at odds with one another. Interestingly enough, I found out the other day that when individuals are exposed to views which differ from their own, flow of blood to the part of your brain which gives rational thought actually decreases. Apparently to some individuals it just stops entirely. 
One of them just walked up and turned her powerpoint off? Did they not have security? Sounds like they needed some to escort these idiots back to their safe spaces.


Arrest the people who said this and disband that student organisation for disreputable and criminal conduct.
&gt;Goldsmiths
Is this an example of "Islamic tolerance" I've been hearing so much about here on Reddit?
Why did the article have to label them "radical muslim" students? Why can't we just call them "Muslims"?

It's not like these beliefs and attitudes are unusual within their community. 
I'm starting to worry about the politics of our universities. 

^^^A ^^^progressive ^^^society ^^^free ^^^of ^^^hate
Give it a decade and she won't be able to speak in public at all.

All the work of the left in the past two centuries will be undone.
Curious why this hasn't also been posted to r/unitedkingdom? 

Utterly ridiculous if true.
Strange how some Muslim Extremists reject Free Speech, except for their own purpose. It is time our Universities crack down on this kind of violent and inflammatory behavior.
I want America to go away. 

But in all seriousness what is happening to universities? Are we seriously going to make some topics 'out of bounds' in our education  institutions?

Surely the best place to research and debate sensitive topics are the neutral grounds of a university.
The death threats were not made by real Muslims.
a group who believe the word of god in written form dictates that leaving a religion means execution is nothing more than a cult. 
Oh for fuck sake.

Humanity is so screwed. 


Obviously unacceptable for them to shut down a lecture in this way but describing pointing a finger at their own head as a "death threat" is a bit on the ridiculous side. I don't think even that teenager who did a finger gun gesture at Cameron was described as threatening to kill him.

edit: not to mention the guy claiming this seems to have already had a bit of a chip on his shoulder about Islam judging by his twitter. not saying it didn't happen necessarily but it seems a bit he said she said.
As someone who supports the idea and implementation of safe spaces in particular circumstances I'm worried particular people are going to use them as a weapon to occupy space that should remain free space. If this isn't *just* mail misinformation and its usual schtick then there's going to be a lot of noise amongst contemporary left about use and abuse of them. I mean, this is essentially one group says one group said one thing, that other group says they didn't.

Safe spaces and pre-figurative politics I'll defend to the hilt in circumstances like organisation around violence and sexual against people. Given that particular activist and political groups like the SWP have had folks commit acts of sexual violence amongst other activists, safe spaces are in some cases rather important. The aim is to create an environment which is sensitive enough to allow for people who have experienced awful things to talk in a group where they don't feel *too* uncomfortable. As well as keep particular people *out* for the purposes of said session. Safe spaces arose out of a very particular context in left activist circles because of rather horrible individuals doing rather violent things. An attempt to get a grip over a particular culture, and not imagine that just because some of us might htink "we're on the right side" that people on our side are somehow unable of doing awful things. 

Anyway, pre-figurative politics aside in other contexts, this case will be interesting and important. Need to weigh up and compare other reports. I'm not sure how "safe space" applies in this instance given nothing here is beyond inflammatory and I imagine intended as such to press the tolerance of particular people. This isn't the same around a feminist circle discussing experiences of sexual violence or male violence and therefore keeping men out of that meeting in that instance. Far from it...


I hadn't thought he was daft enough to sign this. I was wrong. Wow.

He _possibly_ could have stayed in Shadow Cabinet by saying that he had signed it as he agreed with many (e.g. anti-austerity) of the demands but not all. He _possibly_ could have stayed if he said he'd signed it based on an earlier draft that didn't include those claims. (Note: I still think it would have been damaging to him, Corbyn, and Labour as a whole, and deservedly so)

However, he lied. And he asked other MPs to support his lie. That's a cardinal sin, and I'll be shocked if he can stay now.
Here are the list of SCLV 'demands':

1. Stop and reverse the cuts. Make the rich pay to rebuild public services. Tax the rich! Expropriate the banks!

2. A decent income for everyone: attack inequality and precariousness. Tax the rich, curb high pay. Nationalise companies that axe jobs; create decent, secure jobs in the public sector. Wage rises that at least match inflation for all workers. Raise the National Minimum Wage to the Living Wage. Full, equal rights for part-time and agency workers; ban zero hours contracts. Stop the war on the poor, unemployed and disabled: decent benefits. Good pensions for all, public or private, at no older than 60.

3. Rebuild the NHS. A comprehensive public health service providing high quality care for all, not a logo above a marketplace of profit-making companies. End outsourcing, marketisation and PFI. A free, public social care system.

4. End privatisation and outsourcing. Expand public ownership, starting with the railways, Royal Mail, the energy companies and other utilities, under democratic and workers’ control.

5. Stop scapegoating migrants. Freedom of movement and equal rights for all. End deportations and detention.

6. Promote workers’ rights. Scrap the anti-union laws. Introduce strong rights to strike, picket and take solidarity action, and for union recognition and collective bargaining, in individual units and sectorally.

7. End the housing crisis. Build millions of council houses. Repopulate empty homes and estates; take over property left empty; tax second homes; end the sell-off of public land. Control rents.

8. Free education. A good local, comprehensive school for every child. Abolish “free schools”, academies, grammar schools, public funding for religious schools. Reverse cuts in FE. Scrap tuition fees, a living grant for every student. Reverse cuts to Sure Start, invest in early years education.

9. Strong action for equality. Crack down on police and state racism. Ensure and make real civil rights for LGBT, black, disabled people and women, and expanded social provision and redistribution to fight inequality. Universal, free public childcare and nursery provision so no parent is forced to choose between work and care. Ensure equal pay and a Living Wage for all. Free abortion on demand.

10. Slash military spending: scrap Trident. Aid for working-class and democratic movements around the world, not support for dictatorships and imperialism.

11. Drive down carbon emissions. Public investment in renewable energy and energy efficiency. Stop fracking. A public, integrated transport system with radically reduced fares. Workers’ plans for a just transition to a sustainable economy.

12. Expand democracy. A federal republic of Britain: abolish the monarchy and House of Lords. Votes at 16. Re-empower local government. Extend civil liberties and rights to organise and protest. Disband MI5 and special police squads, disarm the police. MPs should only be paid a worker’s wage.

E: [Source.](https://socialistcampaignforalabourvictory.wordpress.com/sclv-demands/)
The Sun knew exactly what they were doing. I reckon they had the picture when they initially published the story, waited for a denial, before they mysteriously 'found' the photo
Hahaha Diane Abbott is on Daily Politics denying this right now
This made it into Daily politics.

Diane Abbot initialy said he'd never seen it, then they sprung the picture on her.

BANG TO RIGHTS. SPEECHLESS. 
Liar Liar pants on fire.          
Misleading the public is one thing, but a bold faced lie?
Wow, thats embarrassing. Both the lie and the list.
We've been focusing on one mental demand in the letter.  And granted it's enough that he shouldn't be allowed anywhere near power.   There's plenty of other similarly mental demands in there:

- Nationalise the banks without compensation.  
- Nationalise any business that fires anyone.  
- End deportations and detention of asylum seekers, whether their claims are legitimate or not. 
- Take over private property that is empty [with compensation or not?]
- "Slash" military spending.  Scrap Trident.
- "Radically" reduce fairs on public transport.


Oh for God's sake. I've got nothing. This is ridiculous, we're not a country that likes hard-left or hard-right political leanings. We like our politics to cover the centre ground, and take a good balance from both sides. Stuff like this is not only unpalatable to voters, but lets the tories drift further to the right unchecked.
Stop smearing him with demonstratable facts guys.
Embarrassing, embarrassing, embarrassing, embarrassing, embarrassing.

Story: 

http://www.sunnation.co.uk/are-you-sure-youve-never-seen-the-disarm-the-police-letter-mr-mcdonnell/
This is not a media smear. This is a cold hard fact. How long can Corbyn et al. hold on?
My only regret is that this will have almost certainly missed the filming if HIGNFY.
There's so much more!

http://www.sunnation.co.uk/shadow-chancellor-in-call-to-disband-secret-service-and-disarm-police/

&gt; Tonight MPs on both sides of the Commons slammed the idea, calling it __“profoundly dangerous”__.

&gt; Labour MP Gavin Shuker told The Sun: “To call for MI5 to be scrapped when we face this jihadi threat is beyond a joke. __John McDonnell is behaving like the enemy within.__”

&gt; Moderate __MP John Woodcock__ said today: “Every new day I think we have much reached the summit, but no: __there always remains a fresh provocative absurdity.__”

&gt; Another Labour MP said: __“We are about half an inch away from meltdown.”__

&gt; Controversial Jeremy Corbyn __aide Andrew Fisher also signed the loopy letter__ organised in April of this year by The Socialist Network as part of their “Socialist Campaign For a Labour Victory”.

&gt; __One Shadow Cabinet Minister simply said “what the f—” when asked for reaction.__


I am almost becoming immune to this now from Labour. Got to say, in any other circumstances the media would be going all out. The Corbynites can claim smears all they like but the reality is the media has actually given them a damn easy ride. 
With Labour every day is like Christmas. Unless you support Labour.
Will the apologists in the previous thread retract the bile they threw on those calling the man a moron?
Well if he's a proven liar that means his 'apology' over this statement is 100% worthless now:

"It was the bombs and bullets and sacrifice made by the likes of Bobby Sands that brought Britain to the negotiating table,”
I'd like to say that any sensible party would sack him, but this is Corbyn's Labour, 'sensible' isn't a word that applies to it.
The end is nigh...
The Labour Party is in a massive mess at the moment. How long will Corbyn last?
I'm inclined to believe him that he didn't read it. But it doesn't change the fact it disqualifies him from office as a senior politician let alone chancellor. They are utterly inept at PR which is an important part of being a cabinet politician these days. It's like something from an episode of Brass Eye.
I'll look forward to dancing on John McDonnells grave once he's dead.  He's the most evil politician I've seen in my lifetime.  
I'd imagine he wasn't lying when he said he'd never seen this  position before, it was just one of countless meaningless petitions he's signed without really reading them. I wish real corruption in Ministers was covered in half the amount of detail. But then it's the like of Murdoch doing the corrupting. I just don't get why normal people buy into the bull so fervently.

Can't wait to see him gone though.
It's hilarious that these are portrayed as extreme ideas, what a narrow minded political world we live in.
Post this in /r/Europe, they will love it /s
Why is the picture used for Ireland the Giant's Causeway? Come on Independent, surely you know that's in NI not Ireland?
&gt;Britain ranked sixth internationally, one place up from last year but behind Burma, the United States, New Zealand, Canada and Australia.

I wonder what most of these countries have in common.
In fairness I'm a bit sceptical because this concept "generousness" was always extremely vague in the first place. I get that all of these things are "generous" actions but for example if I have a sub to the RSPCA then I am counted as generous and I get all that feel-good loveliness but this doesn't then solve the problem of the homeless guy dying of cold outside due to government selling of social housing that "we" voted for nor does it solve the image problem of "refugees from the instability we created are your problem guys". 

So the measures in this are
&gt;- the percentage who had given to charity,
- the number who had volunteered, 

&gt;-and those who had helped a stranger in the past month

 I'd like to crow but I'm pretty sure there's quite a big demarcation between individual generosity and what we do as as a society. In the exact same way as we laugh when some US tea party republican who fights tooth and nail against abortion rights or civil rights then claims they're generous because they donated to the charity of their choice (perhaps the same one lobbying against aforementioned rights) . We also laugh at the fact that americans describe themselves as charitable while performing badly on all the important metrics that we're smug on (often healthcare and gun crime related for instance)



Overall this study looks a bit err...crap. Even if I like the headline and will still be shoving it in my scandinavian and German colleagues faces today. I'm not saying that foreign aid or similar is somehow a better measure. But I think extrapolating certain financial kpis to this point and claiming they represent a societal trait is always going to be pretty shakey especially while evidence of homelessness and poverty show that we as a society are definitely not doing a lot for those in need of it, other than telling them to bootstrap themselves which I wouldn't personally count as charitability. 
You mean we're not all evil conservatives who only care about ourselves?!
&gt;2 United States of America

&gt;3 New Zealand

&gt;4 Canada

&gt;5 Australia

&gt;6 United Kingdom

&gt;ANGLO PRIDE, WORLD WIDE

I love you.
I was really surprised when I moved to the UK because I thought that it is amazing that there are so many charities. I then realised that they are just shoved more into your face and there is maybe a bigger need for charities than in other countries. I donated a few times on the phone but they persistently called me back. I somehow think charities in the UK are just more efficient in marketing and pursuing people than in other countries in Europe. But that has just been my impression so far and I moved here from a very wealthy country with not as many charities.
Isn't that because the charity sector as an industry is huge in the UK? I don't know of many other countries that would have these types of headlines:

* [Three-quarters of people feel 'bombarded' by charity fundraising, survey finds](http://www.thirdsector.co.uk/three-quarters-people-feel-bombarded-charity-fundraising-survey-finds/fundraising/article/1368851)
* [Charities accused of bullying their donors](http://www.thesundaytimes.co.uk/sto/business/money/Consumer/article1559317.ece)

* [Charities should be brave enough to merge — bigger is often better](http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/business/columnists/ianking/article4522186.ece)

* [UK charity sector forced to innovate with increasing funding pressure from proposed new regulation and public funding squeeze](http://www.companiesandmarkets.com/News/Business-Services/UK-charity-sector-forced-to-innovate-with-increasing-funding-pressure-from-proposed-new-regulation-and-public-funding-s/NI20502)

I think its pretty lazy to come to the conclusion that "britons are the most generous" based on charity donations... Especially given that the UK has been outsourcing public service to the charity sector for years now, and it was a manifesto headline for the party that has been in the last two governments.

You can all continue patting eachother on the back now ;)

Why did they use such an old photo?!
Interesting. It measures 'the most generous' based on how many gave - not how much each gave, which I suppose is a fair way to compare Britain vs Burma. I was initially surprised not to see Ireland on the list, as we often get told we're the most generous, but thats per capita donation.  Different measures.
Very interesting that the 5 Commonwealth-esque countries (Us, USA, NZ, AUS and Canada) are right up there in terms of generosity
Huzzah, you bastards. 
Where's the politics in this?
I can't even believe this was a discussion that needed to be had. Of course you need to speak the language.
I thought Welsh was the only official language defined anywhere in the UK.
Yeah this is reasonable, but we need to crack down an arranged marriages much more, from places like Pakistan. It just seems to me open to abuse. Because htere is usually some financial exchange between families, so if one partner is a British citizen, his 'value' is going to be high because the spouse gets British citizenship and the chance to live in a first world country.

And to me it seems a lot of economic migrants in the workforce don't have English skills- not just seasonal farm labourers but actual workers in customer facing roles. So I think there should be minimum English language proficiency rules even for working in a cafe or such low skilled jobs.
By making sensible restrictions to immigration from outside the EU, the govt thinks it's dealing with the problem. In reality it just makes me itch even more to have these same restrictions placed on people coming from inside the EU. 
I don't support using foreign spouses of British citizens as a tool in some feeble attempt to reduce migration. The human cost to British citizens in incredibly high, and it has no basis in reality when there are no language tests or restrictions on the non-EU spouses of EU citizens living in the UK. 

The fact a British citizen has less family rights than someone from Germany or France in Britain is ridiculous.
I think it does make a point though. What if they don't have the opportunity to learn English where they live? It says there's no approved test centres in one of those countries at all. Because it's not just about speaking the language. Even if their English is at a conversational level they still have to take an exam

The article says that under the previous law they only had to pass a test within two years. Obviously living in Britain they'd have substantially more opportunities to study English and go to test centres. 

The British spouse already has to demonstrate they have at least a year's worth of funds available so the immigrating spouse won't be 'dependent on the state' when they arrive. Why can't they have that year to pass English?
Looking forward to the arguments that this is somehow a bad thing. 
I'm broadly pro immigration but I think this is a good move. I've always thought compulsory English lessons for migrants was beneficial for integration and interaction with public services so you avoid the need for translators and to prevent social exclusion. If it's done before they enter the UK (except for asylum seekers) and we don't have to foot the bill then that's even better.
Does anybody know how difficult these exams are? Is it basic understanding or proper comprehension test? 
Is this not elementary?
Yeah I agree
Labour spent years bending over backwards for migrants. Council offices used to spend hundreds of thousands of pounds a year in translation services for people. If you know that something will be made easy for you why change? Why go to the effort? Yes, you should have some grasp of the language and should be actively encouraged to speak it. 
[Here's the judgment, by the way.](http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKSC/2015/68.html)

As ever with SC decisions, it's a bit more nuanced than the headline may imply.

Lady Hale concludes: 

&gt; There may well be some benefit, therefore, both to individuals and to those administering the Rule, in declaring that its [the Immigration Rule requiring a knowledge of English] application will be incompatible with the Convention rights of a UK citizen or person settled here, in cases where it is impracticable without incurring unreasonable expense for his or her partner to gain access to the necessary tuition or to take the test. But this was not the remedy sought by the appellants and we have received no submissions on it. I would therefore invite such submissions before finally deciding the outcome of this appeal.

Essentially meaning that the SC is willing to concede that the English language requirement is currently too restrictive, but not on the basis which was the subject of the appeal. 

Also, here's a bit that caught my eye:

&gt; 58              However, in the context of a language requirement, being a national of an Anglo-phone country is a reasonable proxy for a sufficient familiarity with the English language to be able to begin to integrate with the local community immediately on arrival. This is a context in which a bright line rule makes sense. If the discrimination were not held justifiable, it would not follow that the English language requirement should be abolished. As with any discriminatory rule of this sort, the choice of cure can either be to level up or to level down. The Government could choose either to abolish the requirement altogether or to apply it to everyone, including partners from the exempt countries.

She seems to be implying that, should she hear submissions on the matter, she would find that the English language test is only lawful if it applies to everyone or to no one. Thus, you could have a situation where an American, Australian, Jamaican etc. has to sit an English language test to settle with a UK citizen. 
This isn't news to me – as far as I know this has been the case in the last few years already. I came to the UK on a fiancée visa, had to prove my English language knowledge as part of the application. Had we already been married that would also have been the case.
Couldnt see it going any other way. It would have been suicide to try and whip this vote. 


Out of curiosity then is there a free vote on the Conservative side too on this matter of war?
People, you're forgetting what he said when he got into office. that he would act as party leader, rather than the party dictator. 

His personal views are not the party's views, recognize this fact in the future. 
Good. I agree with Corbyn on being against air strikes but not whipping the votes to ensure it. I fundamentally disagree with the whip system.
Yup, pretty unsurprising. Not entirely without consequences for those who choose to vote against the Labour leadership, but it is the most stable path of the options available.
Relevant username there OP,  I was holding out for a shadow cabinet bloodbath.
Predicting people will say he is weak for doing this, but of course it was a bad idea to try and whip the votes
Should have whipped it. He was elected leader, he's got the backing of Labour members and a decent proportion of the population on this issue.

If voting against war is with your conscience then so is voting for it. If some Labour MPs are so blood thirsty let them show how much they want it and get sacked from the shadow cabinet for their conviction
Probably the best idea, can't of seen anyway those votes would have been whipped.
I'm going to email my Mp I think
How very democratic of Corbyn lol.
Bad decision, Jeremy. Bad decision if he hadn't too, of course.
So, does this mean for all intensive purposes that the vote will now pass?
So what's labour's official position on the issue?

Corbyn said they will reach a decision as a party.
I suppose no one's noticed that any Labour MPs who do vote for air strikes will be... remembered? It will be interesting to see how the threat of de-selection makes many behave.
What a pussy! I say have it out now while he still has strong support from the Labour selectorate. 

If he lets things go on too long before the faceoff with the MPs he will be severely weakened by his and McDonnell's constant fuckups. By then the moron selectorate will have realised their mistake and vote in a normal again.

Do it now and maybe win - or do it later and fail Corbyn.
Apparently he will also say the position of the membership an the leadership are to stop bombing but will allow a free vote...

So the party policy is one way but you won't tell people to vote for it? Here's a clue JC, votes don't get passed in the house of commons by members of political parties, they get passed by MPs. 
I look forward to seeing how the Corbynites spin this but its a massive and humiliating climb down from the man who is supposed to be leading his party and setting policy. His authority to lead the Labour Parliamentary party has literally just disappeared in a puff of smoke.
If they do vote for airstrikes and it turns out to be a big mistake... 
[deleted]
I think this is a mistake, he should have confronted the PLP while he still has the interest of the labour party supporters who voted him in, he has undermined his authority and imo also his legitimacy.
Corbyn has proven himself to be a weak leader, how can we vote for someone that can't even get his MPs to support his policies? We will be going into 2020 not knowing which policies the party will vote for or not.
I was recently on jury duty, and that did more to make me mistrust the legal system than anything. No amount of money spent on excellent lawyers can outdo a jury of people who literally couldn't be bothered listening to the case and joked about drifting off during the cross examination.
Unfortunately I've seen first hand how money can twist judicial verdicts. 

I personally know an extremely wealthy guy, who has been done for drunk driving 4 times, speeding numerous times, driving on a suspended license and caught using every trick to fool speed cameras under the sun.

Yet he's still driving. His extremely expensive lawyer walked circles round the police and the convictions. It makes me sick to think he's  still allowed on the road. 

Ive always thought that when it comes to court, everyones money should get put into a pot, which is then split 50:50.

That way if Apple wants to sue a small coffee shop, rather than only hiring a £50 an hour lawyer and going against Apples entire legal team. Coffee shop can put £100 in, Apple could put £10 000 000 in, but they both get £5 000 050 to spend on lawyers.

That is equal and that is just. 


I've got a uncle in law who is a judge. But a real lefty. He was telling me about when the NHS was set up there was a movement to do the same with the legal system to separate legal access from wealth.

I don't see any modern politician even mentioning this as an idea, but I feel we need to do something to make sure the poorest in our society can go to court against the richest and get a fair trial.

We need to take money out of justice as much as we need to take it out of politics.
It's not fair.   

If you can afford to hire a QC or come with a legal division the size of News Internationals then the game's rigged in your favour.    

Rebekah Brooks avoided jail and is now back as reappointed News UK CEO.  Try doing that with your legal aid public defence barrister who's working 50+ cases. Murdoch nearly bankrupted Farage with legal fees .even though he knew they didn't have an argument.  It was actually Michael Gove who was still working at The Times as its political editor that talked Murdoch down in that it would be bad for the reputation of the newspaper.  Farage was ready to remortgage his home.   You don't have to be right if you can win a war of attrition.

Which is part of the reason why we should have a codified 21st century UK civil rights act and should oppose further cuts to legal aid.
Obligatory Anatole France: The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.

General principle remains true.
I honestly don't know how polling companies stay in business. There is only one segment of society out in the middle of the afternoon with 15 min to waste answering questions.
Mind you,  the same company predicted a labour landslide for the past two elections, so maybe I should trust them more.
Uh the question was "fair and transparent", that's a pretty significant difference. 

I think the justice system is pretty fair, but not transparent.
The surprising thing here is how many people don't trust lawyers.

I can understand why people are afraid and distrust the legal system, but lawyers themselves? They're legally bound to confidentiality. You can trust your lawyer over your own family. It takes a special level of paranoia around the whole system to doubt the lawyer's trustworthiness.
Coming at this from a professional position, I believe this to be the case from a tax perspective. Absolutely. HMRC push things towards the courts all the time knowing that people will be effectively strong armed into giving up and settling for whatever they ask for because they cannot afford to go the rounds and worry about potential damages - both for individuals and for companies. So often, when individuals do manage to get to tribunals, HMRC are left embarrassed at having pursued it that far in the first place!

Its all about money. 

Add to that you have to pay a fee to go to an employment tribunal if you think you have been unfairly dismissed! Sure, mr newly unemployed will now have to find £250 for that claim. Lets not get started about legal aid.
I did too, until I got divorced...

I was sent a "residence order" and believing it was about the house, I didn't bother challenging it. I planned to just get another residence for my son and me. It turns out that "residence" is a word they use for "which parent the children should reside with". So, child custody, to non-lawyers.

I lost my home automatically at a later hearing, because I was then considered childless. I now pay £200 per month to my ex-wife in child support, because I'm considered to be an absent father. Even though he stays with me 3 nights a week. I don't get child benefit or tax credits because I'm not a parent.

It has now cost me £215 to re-apply for shared custody. I was sickened, when I found the form comes with a glossary explaining what "residence" and other phrases mean. They don't give that to respondents.

The whole story is even more tragic than that, but I can't tell it without appearing angry and sexist. Even in 2015, everything favours mothers in family law.
But only like 10% even understand the legal system, so who cares what they think.
I can attest to that, I've seen first hand what is considered "justice". Telling a person to "fuck off" will cost you £700 to be precise.
Not at all perfect but if more people were aware of [Jury nullification] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification#England_.26_Wales) it could (emphasis could) have at least some impact on the current system.
Title is wrong, the survey actually asked if the legal system was “fair and transparent” which means that people that thought it was fair but not transparent would have said no.
One quarter of Britons are idiots...
To be fair, I would have said "I don't know" because I have no experience with the legal system, and I'm sure a lot of other people are in the same boat.
Take McDonald's franchisee to industrial tribunal. Main claim is disability discrimination. Part time employment lawyer comes in to be judge. Franchisee hires an advocate.

Adjustments were sought, backed up by a specialists letter guiding the franchisee, reciept of the letter was admitted. Was the only person paid below minimum wage which was addmited. Was told 'I would feel like crap if I had your condition' which was addmited.

Guess what happened . . .

Advocates are are worth the money.

Edit: details


and here's the reverse side of the leaflet:

https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/3t20hc/labour_voters_are_turning_to_ukip_reverse_of_fake/
Nothing new, [I received the same shit through the post from Labour regarding UKIP at the last election.](http://www.thecommentator.com/article/3402/major_parties_show_major_panic_with_fake_ukip_leaflets) For them to cry foul over dirty tricks is ironic, though I do kind of wish UKIP hadn't stooped to their level.
Hello. I was distributing these leaflets yesterday. The reverse of the leaflet identifies the source even more clearly with nice portraits of Nigel Farage and John Bickley, headed 'Why Labour supporters are voting UKIP' or something like that. In lovely purple. Nothing like misrepresenting the facts though! If I had taken any home I would upload

EDIT- reverse of leaflet [here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/3t20hc/labour_voters_are_turning_to_ukip_reverse_of_fake/)
Still more positive than Labour's real leaflets.
It's a by-election. The local Ukip branch is bound to go a little crazy. They won't win anyways. But they can try. I support them trying. 
Well, they are his policies....
That's fine. People just a few days ago were saying how it was okay for Labour to campaign negatively because they were the opposition party. UKIP are the opposition so carry on. 
No doubt this will be referred to the electoral commission as 'It is illegal to “make or publish a false statement of fact” about a candidate’s character or conduct in order to affect the return of a candidate.'
Labour seem to have no problem misrepresenting UKIP at every chance they get. No sympathy.
Kind of funny that anyone is complaining about this when there were so many fake UKIP flyers and manifestos going around during the last election. The difference is that these are Corbyn's actual ~~policies~~ views (sorry I worded that badly) whereas the fake UKIP literature was mostly made up or taken heavily out of context. 

Edited in response to /u/fdsafdaw3f3acvsda's point below. 
Well they may not be Labour party policies right now but they are Corbyn's personal views by way of reading it.

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-sussex-34362565

**"Jeremy Corbyn: 'UK should welcome immigration opportunities"**

http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/politics/6637495/Corbyn-Britain-should-abolish-its-Army.html

**“Wouldn’t it be wonderful if every politician around the world instead of taking pride in the size of their armed forces did what the people of Costa Rica have done and abolished the army and took pride in the fact that they don’t have an army, and that their country is near the top of the global peace index. Surely that is the way we should be going forward.”**

http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/uk/2015/07/jeremy-corbyn-interview-i-think-we-have-think-terms-disillusioned-who-didn-t

**He is a republican, but abolition of the monarchy can wait, because “my priority is social justice”.**

&gt;Probably the only one that is wrong since his own views aren't to get rid of them... immediately. Not sure what his own timetable is though.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CagRMhkO-zE

**Here Corbyn talks about sharing the falklands sovereignty even with them voting to be part of the UK.**

&gt;So 3/4 points are correct if you call them 'Jeremy Corbyn's views' rather than labour party policy. 
I think it will resonate. Nothing wrong with Highlighting to the working class voters of Oldham and Royton, the extent to which Corbyns values differ from theirs. What's the problem? He does believe all of what it is written in that leaflet. It's fair game.
I wonder if this will be effective, I mean, none of those are Labour party policies and none of them will be.
And this isn't illegal how?
Would this not be illegal? I'm surprised you can actively aim to deceive people in an election

Edit - turns out it's par for the course, I stand by my thought it should be banned for all parties though
Not really on. I'd love to defend this, but it's not the way to go about campaigning, even if you want to campaign negatively.
Just a rogue printing press? 🍺

Can't imagine this was sanctioned by head office 
Classy.
Isn't this illegal?
Doubt it'll make a difference. Labour will build infrastructure and UKIP will assert that cutting immigration will somehow fix it. Their attempts at deception may sway a minority, but people aren't foolish to such simple bashing.
If official,  that will likely disqualify the UKIP candidate should he win the by-election.

Perhaps the issuer should have been following the Carmichael case a little closer.
UKIP are engaging in libel. Libel should be a jailable offense. 
The picture at the end of the article was a terrible idea. The point is a good one. Politicians should not be above the law so if May believes that this information is harmless then she should have no trouble sharing.

Harmless isn't the only possible reason for wanting this information. It being potentially harmful but also necessary is another possible reason. If that were the argument being made then we would have to weigh up the potential harm with the potential necessity.

You could just as well argue that if this were harmless then it would also be pointless. Why collect this information unless you wished to prosecute? But then how do you establish mens rea? If i went to an IS website out of curiosity could that be used to bring terrorism charges against me? Surely you would need to know the details in which case this access is useless.

So the article could have made some great points but instead comes across as brattish because they wanted to show May's screwed up face.
Better - maybe. Practical? No. 
carefully avoiding the word tragedy
I don't think anyone would disagree. But exactly how the fuck were we going to manage that one? 

Somehow I doubt we have an extradition treaty with IS.

&gt;These events only underline the necessity of accelerating international efforts, under the auspices of the UN, to bring an end to the Syrian conflict as part of a comprehensive regional settlement.”

What kind of "regional settlement" does he expect? Does he plan on letting ISIS keep control of the land it currently holds? 


He's right, but it's also a pretty silly thing to say.  Clearly, it wasn't going to possible to arrest him. Especially not if Corbyn were PM, since he's opposed to the only way that would ever be possible - putting boots on the ground.

So if Corbyn was PM, would he or would he not have authorised the drone strike to kill him?

I mean its principled... its JC but, sometimes you can keep your principles without betraying them by just shutting up or by displaying other principles.

How does this help him? Hes gonna probably get a headline 'Corbyn thinks Jihadi John should have lived' tomorrow and this is after the Bin Laden thing so its a pattern now... 
&gt; far better if he had been held to account in a court of law

How Corbyn How?? 

Regardless of what you think, this statement will reinforce the view that he is a terrorist sympathiser.
How is that extraditions treaty with ISIS coming along, Jezza?
one person is shadow banned

And yes Corbyn is 100% right, the only way we get to be all high and mighty and prove we are a superior civilisation is by following our own rules even when we wished we didn't have to. Fair trial is one of those

(though if he was about to do something or capture is impossible i can see the argument for bombing him)
yeah OK Jeremy, you go and get him then.
Sure it might be "better", but how trite and meaningless is a statement like this when the "better" option also happens to be impossible? Given the choice of killing a brutal enemy combatant or letting him go on his merry way I don't see much of a choice.
Thanks Jeremy, if you could submit to us a sensible way of arresting and transporting him back to the UK that'd be great.
Thing is, we've voted against, and the leader of the opposition in particular maintains a stance against, military intervention in Syria. 

We can't just ring up the ambassador for ISIS and ask him nicely to hand over Jihadi John. 

Apart from vague platitudes about how the UN should solve everything, Corbyn and by extension the Labour Party, offer absolute nothing to this apart from highlighting just how weak they are on foreign policy.
And how many more innocents could he have killed before someone had the opportunity to arrest him?
Was Corbyn offering to lead the arrest on Jihadi John?
Risking lives with actual value in the process.
"Mohammed Emwasi has been held to account for his brutal crimes"

- Jeremy Corbyn
It would have been nothing but a show trial.
[deleted]
Good principles, bad politics.
Well I agree. 

It's always better to bring criminals to justice using the legal system we've worked hard to perfect over hundreds of years and is a part of our democratic traditions.

It's easier, obviously, to just go and bomb and shoot people, but since when was western civilisation upheld by just taking the easy route?
Yes, I guess it would have been. 

Same applies to everyone else the RAF has bombed. 

So the question is, does it actually make a difference that we are targeting a specific individual rather than an undefined number of anonymous individuals?
We should send Corbyn to Syria with the arrest warrant and a pair of handcuffs as part of our comprehensive regional settlement, but only after we have had a free and fair debate with all sections of the community applauded for their helpful contribution to the good work that has been done with relation to Palestine and in opposing the nasty, heartless cuts that harm so many vulnerable people in our society.
Why waste money prosecuting and imprisoning someone who doesn't want to be British anymore?He should've been, and luckily was, treated as an enemy soldier instead of a citizen who's committed a crime.
 Corbyn's statement in full: “We await identification of the person targeted in last night’s US air attack in Syria. It appears Mohammed Emwazi has been held to account for his brutal and callous crimes. However, it would have been far better for us all if he had been held to account in a court of law. These events only underline the necessity of accelerating international efforts, under the auspices of the UN, to bring an end to the Syrian conflict as part of a comprehensive regional settlement.”
I disagree. Blowing him into pink mist is the best possible outcome. 
Corbyn is such a troll. I wonder if a political storm would happen and Lib Dem Farron will stand up and condemn those remarks. 
A pretty unrealistic expectation 
Yes Jeremy, all those videos of him cutting people's heads off were quite inconclusive. Instead we should have risked the lives of allied soldiers to go down and handcuff him so he can give his side of the story, get millions of pounds in legal aid from the British taxpayer and millions more to keep him locked up for the rest of his life. Given Corbyn's penchant for terrorists I'm surprised he stopped short of calling him a "friend".
To be quite honest, no, I don't think it would be better. I understand where Corbyn is coming from, but when one takes up arms against Britain in something which the whole international community condemns, it's much better that he ends up being blown to pieces by an airstrike. These terrorists need to know that were not going to stand for this and then give them a free trip back to Britain (albeit in chains) when they give themselves in. Saves the taxpayer some money too.
Said it all along, the man's a total idealist. He seems to live on a planet of his own and has little to no concept of reality.


How many more would die to bring him to trial? Whether they be the local population of muslims or christians, our own troops sent in to capture him or innocent hostages who have made the mistake of getting too close to ISIS. 

Not to mention the fact that to capture him would cost an awful lot of money, then it would cost a fortune to try him and even more money to keep him in prison for the rest of his miserable life.... or we could drop a thousand pounder down his throat for a few grand and save all the hassle. I know which one gets my vote everyday of the week.
[deleted]
1. He considered himself a soldier fighting for an army that had made an enemy of the USA.

2. The USA killed him in an act of war.

Given the closest crime he has committed against the United Kingdom is treason - and I doubt that's what Corbyn had in mind - I can't really see the problem with the manner of his death. We can't arrest every soldier who fights against us, nor should we consider them criminals just because we don't like them and what they do.
[deleted]
Somehow this piece of news became all about what Corbyn said. Can we just rename the newscycle to Reporting on Corbyn reacting to events..
ITT: people who think bombs are better because theyre easier.
I guess we should have asked him nicely to fly back to the UK so we could put him on trial, with all his victims dead and literally no forensic evidence because we don't run the ISIS police force. Maybe we should have got the UN to write him an angry letter?

So given Labour's stance on military intervention, how exactly was this meant to be achieved? Or should we have just allowed him to keep on killing?
Wow he said this JUST before the terrorist attack in Paris *sigh* this is gonna be a shit storm now.
This statement is, frankly, obnoxious and unnecessary.  Of course a fair justice system is always preferable, but when people are dying at the hands of this man and many others like him, moaning about how he was put out is just disrespectful.
Jeremy said he wouldnt put boots on the ground so how could he bring him to justice?
How?
Urgh. I agree with him but saying that isn't going to help his already low popularity...
&gt;You are not under criminal investigation and are not under arrest on suspicion of having committed an offence. For this reason you are not being issued with a caution and you do not have the right to remain silent.

Jesus.
"you do not have the right to remain silent".... what?
The authorities have been shown that they can't be trusted with the Schedule 7 powers. The stop is supposedly to be solely for the purpose of determining whether someone is engaged with terrorism.

Using it on people taking food &amp; clothes to a refugee camp is ridiculous.
Not particularly surprised or conflicted about it.
as expected, the police abuse the powers they've given to the extreme and that'll happen if Snoopers' Charter goes through.
That tin of Baked Beans *could* have been a bomb......and the Police *could* be trusted not to infringe on the liberty of citizens. :/
It's almost as if giving vast powers to the authorities simply encourages bad behaviour. Who'd have thought it?
I fully support The Police in this action. If you keep feeding birds, they will continue to come back.
It's not a 'refugee' camp.
Giving aid to those in need is a terrorist offence now?

Last time I give a subway sandwich to a homeless person. 
ITT: Mindless serfs. 
I would like people to note that the article is particularly wrong on the "voluntary" part, as the president + 1 exec member was required to go. 

Source: President of a soc at Warwick Uni

Note: I make no comment on whether it was bad or not, people are just saying this from the article and it is incorrect. Simple.
Bullying a student to the point that they feel they cannot attend lectures, threatening violence against fellow students when no such violence is reasonably justifiable and spreading slanderous lies about fellow students have be fairly serious disciplinary issues.

It would be nice to see what the Student Union plan to do about the horrendous treatment of one of their members and what the University plans to do about the treatment of one of its students.
Surely this is criminal harassment?
Imagine the backlash there would be if someone set up 'how not be a terrorist' lectures and then started inviting random muslims to it.

Different issue, same kind of insensitivity.
&gt;Mr Lawlor posed with a sign saying "this is not what a rapist looks like" and said the invite to "consent workshops" was "the biggest insult" he had received in years. He argued that men inclined to commit rape would be unlikely to attend such a session and that organisers thought they had "saved the world" by making people attend them.

He's got a point.

&gt;"The bus to university was the worst. I heard people talking to each other saying, 'I really want to hit that kid'. It got really nasty. "There was one guy messaging me on Facebook for over a week, calling me names like racist, rapist. I've stopped going to lectures and seminars because of the perceived threat." Mr Lawlor also said he was driven out of a bar in Leamington after some students overheard his friend mention his name.

I propose workshops on 'not harassing and threatening people' for those responsible. Preferably held in Wormwood Scrubs.
You know that saying;

&gt;All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.

Surely a good majority of people must be on this guy's side aren't they?  When people are shouting "rapist" at him and threatening him with violence on the bus etc. where are the good people?  Sinking into their chairs too scared to speak up through fear of ending up on the wrong end of the vile minority themselves presumably.

This is why people hate political correctness, it's the misguided way in which it is interpreted and enforced rather than the principle behind it.
Accusing him of being a racist and posting it all over dial media is disgusting. He shouldn't have to deal with this just because he didn't want to go to a stupid seminar. 
&gt; The second year student said he had been attacked on Twitter and Facebook by student activists branding him a "rapist" and "misogynist".

Simple answer to that. Solicitors letter sent out to all the fucktards on Facebook warning them that if they don't put up or shut up then court is waiting.
I hate this idea that men have to be taught not to rape. It's disgusting, dehumanising and is driven simply by contempt from feminists. Do you honestly think you can teach a rapist not to rape? We teach people not to steal or kill, but it still happens. Had the pleasure of attending a lecture last year where we were told that if there are too many men in the workplace they become 'rapey'. I had to leave because I had steam coming out of my ears.
how can you teach people not to rape? anymore than you can hold "how not to steal", or "how not to kill" seminars

its completely retarded 
Anyone up for contributing to a fund to allow this guy to sue everyone who calls him a rapist for slander?

It'd only take a few victories before it'd be self sustaining. He'd win every case he brought.
Yet another attack from feminists on men. Force them to go into politicized 'consent' classes with a threat of lynching. How long will we have to put up with gender fascists attacking our gender at every turn? Why do the left wing have such profound hatred for men?
I can understand the reaction on social media - it's filled with hate and abuse but the reaction from the papers has been pretty shocking. They've really laid into him. 

I've read the article and it was certainly baiting and probably naive but so many articles are jumping on the chance to point out the fact that he didn't understand what constitutes rape, when he does state that he understands the nuances of it - it's unfair to assume he doesn't understand the issue.

I do wonder when drunk sex and forced penetration will stop sharing the word rape. So many problems seem to stem from that one simple fact.
Campuses are safe spaces and anyone with a controversial opinion must not express it - definitely not the University experience I expected.
I don't condone the abuse of George Lawlor but I know the guy and honestly he's just an idiot. He didn't attend the training and if he did he'd know it's not even particularly about rape.

The training was about consent in general and how to make sure people turning up to society events don't feel pressured into doing things they don't want to do and for exec members to be aware of the pressures they put on people due to things like location and peer pressure.

I don't condone the abuse of him, no one should have to go through that and I'm sure the SU will help him if he went to them before the telegraph. 
Quoting wholesale from [this article](http://thetab.com/2015/10/16/not-everything-george-lawlor-said-was-right-but-the-way-he-has-been-treated-is-wrong-57981) is pretty much what I think on the original fiasco.

&gt;What George has highlighted is a wider issue. Yes, there are people who need to be taught not to rape – but as it stands they are not the people who accept invites to consent workshops. Rapists do take the form of unexceptional boys at unexceptional universities, George was wrong in this respect.

&gt;What he was not wrong about is the triviality of inviting people to these workshops, or the banality of lecturing the people who voluntarily attend them. Consent classes should be compulsory, and for everyone. Selectively inviting people to attend them is a dangerous game. The rugby players of Oxford were singled out and made to attend compulsory classes on consent. Does that mean we assume they are rapists more than anyone else? That seems unfair. If consent classes are not compulsory for the entire student body, they’re pointless.

The rest of it is just the regrettable yet inevitable *what happens* on the internet when somebody does something deemed bad - see what happened with [Lindsey Stone](http://uk.businessinsider.com/lindsey-stone--so-youve-been-publicly-shamed).

It's unfair, but either this is just how the lynch mob works on the internet, or people will (eventually) grow up, and learn not to snap-judge based on INTERNET RAGE. Probably gonna be the former, unfortunately.

The idea that being invited to a seminar when you're in a position of student authority is the 'worst insult' is still laughable, though.
From his original article:

&gt;Brand me a bigot, a misogynist, a rape apologist, I don’t care.

That turned out not to be the case. 

He doesn't deserve to be harassed, but his initial article was myopic and unreasonable and should be criticised. 
It's always fun seeing my alma mater in the news for the right reasons!
I predict that all the discussion in this thread will be civil and level headed. 
How the hell is slapping someone's teeth out not assault?
Total fucking loon, she's bloody lucky a more severe punishment wasn't given out.
Haha brilliant, lucky she's not in jail! 
Should be charged with assualt. This is sexism at it's finest, switch the genders and there would be an uproar. 
&gt;Following the ruling, she said in a statement: ‘Some you win, some you lose, but he was in my face scaring me. It’s not the end of the world.’

She sounds like a lunatic on short leash. Just look at that photo of her. Not sure if she has bad skin or if she is raging in that photo too. 
Why was that vile cunt not criminally prosecuted?
Why wasn't this reported more in the media? A politician slapping a 75 year old politician would be huge news! Why haven't they got jail time? Wait, what? The attacker was a woman? Oh, that's alright then. Never mind. Men don't matter much anyway.
He said 'Hello Penny' in a patronising way? That warrants assault? You should hear how sarcastic I am to the Tories round here. I'd probably be stabbed if they're like her. 
&gt; she saw ‘red mist’ in a row about a cricket club.

This is the most Tory reason for a fight.

He was ‘in her face’, well it's lucky you didn't stab him to death then.
In response to all the comments saying she got away with it because she was a woman, I'm a bloke who was hit by another bloke and lost a tooth. The guy got a slap on the wrist and I got £25 in damages. Law can be very lenient when it wants to be...
I am looking forward to Jess Phillips being as vocal about this as she is about her other feminism issues. Surely she should be pushing for equality? (We all know she won't because her feminism ideology is a joke but it's a nice thought.) 
She sounds like a rather horrible person. Classic example of the sort of characters involved in local politics though.
r/pussypass
Typical woman claiming to be the victim even when it is clear to everyone that she is the only person doing anything wrong. This happens all the time.

Saying he was "scaring" and "patronising" her are excuses straight out of the pussy-pass handbook.
Virgin Health were recently criticised by the Care Quality Commission [here](http://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/feb/04/nhs-watchdog-virgin-care-croydon-hospital)

&gt; care and treatment was not planned and delivered in a way that was intended to ensure people's safety and welfare

Yeah, lets put these people in charge of childrens healthcare, what could go wrong?
Creeping privatization.

A lot on the left think the Tories will sell off the NHS wholesale when they've already burned it to the ground. They won't. They'll chronically underfund it and sell it off (or cause it to be sold off) piecemeal, one 'service' at a time.
"No, really guys, the Tories aren't trying to Privatise the NHS."

\- Every tory here.
**BWOOOOOONG**

Did anyone else hear that death knell?
Not sure 'Virgin Care' is an appropriate name for an health service for children.

Although I think private companies will always be needed in the NHS, I am worry about a bottom-line mentality and people being accountable to shareholders first and the public second.
My father recently had a knee operation done through the NHS but in a private hospital. He has had an excellent experience, and so do most people.

[Looking at knee and hip replacements, the only two procedures for which there is enough data, Newsnight found patients referred to private providers did better than patients of the same age, gender and prior health who were referred to NHS hospitals.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-30426141)
 (oh but that's destroying the NHS right?)

It's not like NHS is so amazing, turns out private and NHS can both fuck up ... but they can also both do well. 

[For-profit, non-profit and NHS providers can provide high-quality care and equally all sectors can fail to do so. Whether a provider (public or private) makes a surplus/profit from its trading with the NHS does not automatically mean that quality of care is compromised. The Fund’s view is that who provides the service is less important than the quality and efficiency of the care that is provided. ](http://www.kingsfund.org.uk/projects/verdict/nhs-being-privatised)


Oh Richard Branson. Tories dismantle NHS. Let's hope none of the conservatives on here get the really expensive types of cancer
what the actual fuck!
People that are criticising the Tories for privatisation are aware that Labour did exactly the same when in power?  Why does that seem to be overlooked when people herald Labour as the possible "saviours" of the NHS.
Raised over 50-odd thousand for a cancer charity too. Not bad.
&gt;The Scottish National Party said Mr Salmond was in Edinburgh for Scottish Parliament’s First Minister’s Questions because he also simultaneously sits as a member of the Scottish Parliament. 

&gt;Mr Salmond has said that he received a security briefing on Syria on Wednesday evening as part of the Privy Council and thus did not need to attend the debate, according to the Daily Telegraph newspaper.

#

&gt;Mr Salmond would not have been expected to lead his party's response to the debate on action in Syria, with the parties' respective group leaders taking that role.

but nah, let's make it all about the portrait.
Just noticed, I didn't editorialise the title - it is what the "suggest title" button suggested.  
The Absolute Madman
Yay! Let's continue the politics of *ad hominem* attacks rather than discussing the issues - the issues are dead boring anyway!

In fact, when are we going to get *Hello Politics!* magazine?
The SNP are so lucky that he decided to run for Parliament and pass on the leadership to Sturgeon
Well, yes, because Alex Salmond has a huge ego, why people didn't see this is beyond me.
Let's leave aside the fact Salmond missed a debate for a second and think about why a politician is unveiling a portrait of themselves?

Can anyone find a picture of Blair, Brown, Cameron, Major or Thatcher next to their own portrait (ideally while still an MP)? 
I for one want to become famous enough to warrant a portrait like this without seeming overly narcissistic.  
Kind of days everything you need to know about him
This is the greatest man that has ever lived.
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/donaldson-stands-by-offer-to-base-trident-in-northern-ireland-1.2443146

He added that it would be “by far the preferred outcome” for Trident to remain at its current base in Scotland because of the costs involved in transferring it to the North.

“I suppose I’m just putting down a marker that if ever the opportunity arose I think Belfast would want to compete because the jobs alone would be a major boost for our local economy.”
If Trident were *forced* to move (Although I don't see why it would be), I'd be for this. It would help the local economy, and place an all-too-often neglected part of the UK at the forefront of any and all discussions related to national security and defense.

That's just me though, and the DUP *certainly* don't speak for everyone. Not at all.

I'm staying in England for uni, and maintain that NI today is a peaceful, nice and welcoming place to live - Certainly compared to 20 years ago. If this *were* on the table? Give it a good bit more time I say, things are swell, let's not risk re-escalation until we're sure the pot has cooled.

And of course, this theoretical move of Trident would need a democratic mandate of some sort.

EDIT: Just thought I'd clarify as my flair isn't the same as on /r/unitedkingdom - I'm from NI myself.
[The IRA response.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MgSmh3vXaQ)
Nuclear Weapons. In Northern Ireland. No way is that a good idea
Ideally you need to be placed somewhere that's near enough to use but away from people. May I suggest the Isle of Man? It's got few enough people on it that it won't matter if they're annoyed to put of any party and it's close enough to be viable.
The main issue I can see here is whether or NI has a suitable harbour. The benefit of Faslane is that SSBNs (which are really fucking big) can enter and leave while submerged. There are only a few places in the UK that offer that and I don't think there are any in NI. Milford Haven would be a likely second option IMO
Doesn't it provide jobs for the locals? 
I'm sure this wouldn't at all be controversial.
"Pl- Please notice me David-senpai!"
Not so sure the Irish government would be please about this either, they are probably pretty happy with the current situation of Scotland being the target in a nuclear war.
I couldn't think of a worse idea for the situation in N.I.

Not only is the future of NI in the UK uncertain, but for a country that has a fairly fragile peace after almost half a century of conflict...to then base nuclear weapons on that territory has to be one of the most fucking stupid ideas I've ever heard. 

Literally basing them in the Falklands or Gibraltar is a better idea than that.
Interesting move.
Yeah this will go over swimmingly with Irish republicans. 
Is it feasible for it to be based in Northern Ireland? I'm open to bring corrected, but I believe the weapons have to be taken to Aldermaston in the South of England for work to be done, and they're either driven or go by train (I think the former). Putting the weapons on a relatively slow moving ship would seem to me to be a little dangerous, though they could always be flown, but again it ramps the ongoing costs up and makes them more vulnerable, and accidents harder to contain. I'd imagine any site change would have to be located on mainland Great Britain, though as I said that's speculation. 
Can we pretend it's a democracy. Jobs yes a few but also nuclear fucking weapons. 
No shit. I'm sure Portsmouth or Plymouth wouldn't mind either. "Now we just need to build new facilities providing massive employment to the area and then provide ongoing civilian jobs, are you ok with that?"
You're welcome to it Jeffrey.
Nooooo chance. 
Probably at some point in the relatively near future (50-100 years) there will be a United Ireland, then it can move to England or Wales and people can print out some cute 'TRIDENT ON TOUR' t-shirts.
Ah yes i'm sure you speak for the WHOLE of the Northern Ireland public there Mr DUP man...

This is a shit idea
&gt;It was a different story for Shadow International Development Secretary Diane Abbott, who apparently sat writing Christmas cards during the 70-minute clash.

&gt;“She wasn’t listening to the questions, just writing a big stack of Christmas cards,” said an insider.

WTF?
As someone who voted for Corbyn in the leadership election, I am resigned to Corbyn no longer being leader by the end of 2016, with shit like this happening, there is no way he can effectively lead and unite Labour against the Tories.
Oh my. I mean, I knew Corbyn would face a hard time attempting to pick up the shattered pieces of his party after he was elected in, but I never expected Corbyn himself to then shove said shards into his own foot. 

Does he realise what he's doing to himself and his party? He's left it more disunited than it was before, which is hard to believe; he's continued to cite unpopular opinions despite the backlash he has received; he's failed to gain, as shown in the article, support from his **own shadow cabinet**; and he's, in my opinion, letting down the people who voted for him in search for a better politics. Never before have I felt the Labour party to be so disconnected. 

I'm looking forward to seeing him even attempt to lead a campaign against the Conservatives when the time comes - he can't even lead his own party for crying out loud. 
Why don't they name them?
OK, names into the ring, which shadow minister do we think it was?
unnamed shadow minister? surprised.
I'm always torn on Corbyn. I like his ideology, but it seems like sometimes he's a little too absolute. For example:

&gt;Mr Corbyn had also said 'I'm not happy with the shoot-to-kill policy' if a suicide bomber is poised to detonate a bomb and kill innocent civilians.

Obviously that's worded in a very emotive way, so is clearly an attack on Corbyn (and means that we should question the situation the media have applied the quote to) but if that truly is his position, it does seem flawed as shooting to maim somebody that only has to flip a switch is asking for trouble. Is there a potential for an innocent person to be mistaken for a terrorist? Sure - but if that happens the flaw isn't in the policy of shooting to kill, but in the standard of identification and investigation needed to trigger it. I don't think we want a policeman deciding that somebody looks like a terrorist so should be insta-killed, but if there's real evidence showing somebody is planning an attack and it's already too late to prevent them attending a public event, you have to make the call. 
You can't break an omelette. Possibly a contrary opinion but after decades of seeing political leaders promise radicalism and then renege the moment they get power, I'm relaxed about Labour MPs signalling Armageddon. This is bound to happen if he sticks to his guns and, in spite of believing in principle everything should be a free vote always, I continue to agree with most of what he says. 
He's imported STWUK's philosophy into the Labour leadership, he's not anti-war, he's for the other side. 
He's an irresponsible fuckwit who is shunninh his responsibility to lead an effective opposition which keeps the Tories in check.

I voted Tory, but I am a classic swing voter (weeeee!). They need to have their bastard streak kept in check, and Corbyn's Labour continually manage to outbastard the bastards.
Let's take a moment to think about how David Cameron must be feeling right now.
This is *The Mirror*. It's a tabloid. How trustworthy are British tabloids?

I don't think I'm being irrational. For I see things thus: a source I have long thought more or less totally untrustworthy imputes behaviour and views to people whom I think would not behave that way and would not have those views (at least not in the simplistic way attributed). I conclude that they did not in fact do it/say it - until I am shown (note: *shown*) otherwise.

EDIT: Well, actually, I don't much about Abbott. But I find the Christmas card thing hard to believe.
Corbyn is a breath of fresh air  -- an honest leftwinger who does not obfuscate about the Left.  The rest of the Left bob and weath, misrepresent and keep their goals secret.  But Mr Corbyn is upfront.
Which Shadow Minister?
It's because  he hasn't forgotten this: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Jean_Charles_de_Menezes
A sad day when a man who values peace and life over bloodthirsty violence is called a disgrace. Humanity is on the edge of dying here, savagery is all that is ahead. Shame on the violent bastards.
The hijab was never required by islam, it is an example of certain sects "gold plating" the regulations, and was subsequently made mandatory.

Islam does *not* require it, despite how many people think it does.
A good way of doing that would be to stop treating the loudest mouths (inevitably the most extreme) as the voice of their 'community'. It just gives credibility to the nutters and makes the problem worse. [Stuff like this needs to stop](http://blogs.new.spectator.co.uk/2015/11/why-is-the-bbc-letting-the-islamic-human-rights-commission-set-the-agenda/) if you're going to give moderate Muslims a chance.
If a woman wants to wear a hijab, It's not really any of my business.

What I take issue with is parents who force their kids to wear them, or just generally families that pressure people into making the 'right' choice.

I've got problems with the rather odd belief that women have to cover their hair or faces, but if people really believe that shit, not a lot can really be done to change that.

I do think that employees should adhere to dress-codes within reason if the employer has that rule and that public employees shouldn't be allowed to cover their faces while on the job
Well i am glad progressive attitudes are now being adopted by followers of Islam at least in Britain. It is a shame they still adopt very backward attitudes towards converts and atheists, but one step at a time.
How about sorting out attitudes towards non-muslims first, and then deal with the women thing.
Out of curiosity, why did you decide to post this here, but not to /r/britishpolitics, which you moderate? Most things you seem to post there and/or the Lib Dem subreddit, but not this it seems.
This [video](http://www.https://youtu.be/Yj0xFpu6Hgw) sums it all perfectly.
The real issue you should addressing is the fact that there is no god, there never will be and there never has been a god.Its obvious what any religion is ,it is nothing but opression ,a way to control the masses ,and you;re religion right know is going to destroy the human race. And in the name of what exactly. ?
Got to love Neil, if it wasn't for him and QT (and that can hit or miss) most political coverage would be very boring.
 
Thinking about it, Andrew Neil is the only reason I'm paying for a TV license at the moment. 

This Week, DP and Dateline London is all I ever watch anymore on the BBC. 
Not gonna lie, it was a nice sentiment, but i cringed a bit.
[deleted]
Frustrating to see so many people screaming racist because Andrew used the word "Islamist".

Islamist is not the same as Muslim just as Zionist is not the same as Jew. 

I imagine some of the people so het up about what Andrew said would have no problem with the term "zionist scumbag". 
Consistently one of my favourite people on the telly but this is particularly brilliant, even for him.
Could have just summed it up by pointing out that France survived a Fascist onslaught far worse than anything ISIS could conjure up and was one of the countries that put an end to Islamic imperial power in 1918. 
He's restored some faith in the BBC for me, I was going cold turkey for a few months but will be investing in a TV licence again today.
Looks like someone watched John Oliver last Sunday
Well OK, well said. But it's hardly saying anything anyone disagrees with. Still, nice piece of rhetoric.

Now, if he'd just come out and acknowledge the glaringly obvious to most, that ISIS, aka The Islamic State (clue's in the name), is not "nothing to do with Islam" and actually **everything** to do with Islam, that'd be worth hearing. Methinks Our Andrew will not go that far.
Did he mispronounce Boulez or did he mean the architect Boullée?
Gave me tingles.
Seems a bit obvious and populist. Who is he really preaching to here? 

Maybe Trevor Mcdonald should do a rant about how paedophiles are bad.
[**@bbcthisweek**](https://twitter.com/bbcthisweek):
&gt;[2015-11-19 23:50:30 UTC](https://twitter.com/bbcthisweek/status/667490163052797952)

&gt;A message for the Paris attackers from [@afneil](https://twitter.com/afneil) as he opens the show... [#bbctw](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23bbctw) [*twitter.com*](https://twitter.com/bbcthisweek/status/667490163052797952)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3tibqd%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

John Oliver should sue.

No, really, this is a horrific rip-off and his writers should be ashamed.

[Here is the original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glxh9ZgP7kc) - NSFW for swearing.
I mean fair point. We all feel the same way. But it didn't have to be said, as a result. He is not winning any hearts or minds and he isn't bolstering our views.

If anyone doesn't agree with this then either they don't know what an "Islamist" is or they just dislike Andrew Neil.
John Oliver did it better.
vs what?

Well 10% of their population is Muslim now and steadily rising. I think that's the people ISIS are trying to influence here Andrew.
He was a terrible editor of the Sunday Times, made it virtually unreadable, but I salute him and totally forgive him for doing this. 
#
Totally agree.

Jihadism is an inextricable part of Islam.    
Trying to suggest that ISIS's interpretation of Islam is false (or not *real* Islam™) and that your 'moderate' interpretation is true (or the *real* Islam™) just furthers the idea that there is a 'true' Islam and does nothing to help solve the underlying causes of jihadism.
Really good article and explains the apprehensions behind the 'leftist' critique of Western Foreign Policy.
&gt;orientalists

back in my day we called them weeaboos
Writing an article for my blog about this at the moment. The reaction from certain people on the left to automatically start instantly asking "what we've done to deserve this" after recent acts of terrorism is infuriating.
As long as there exists Islam, there will exist Islamic extremism, it's an inherent part of the religion. Lefties can say all they like about colonialism and what not, but the fact of the matter is other ex colonial countries don't have issues like this on anywhere near the same scale as the ones in the middle east. On top of that, they were ruled by the Ottomans for centuries before that. Syria, for example, was a part of the Ottoman Empire pretty much forever until 1918, at which point the French took it and had it until 1945 when they became independent. How can you honestly say it's now a hotbed of extremism because of the west? Islam has some very serious issues which need to be addressed by Muslims. 
Obviously ISIS is rooted in Islam, but islam does not necessarily lead to ISIS I think is the point. 

The problem as I see it is that by denying that ISIS has anything to do with western intervention we are doomed to keep making the situation worse. The caliphate was only able to be established because of our intervention in Iraq and the interventions in Syria.

Religion builds on fear and ignorance, by killing people's  partners, children and parents we make it easier for people to abandon rational thought and find solace in a solution that seems to offer hope and reason. 
Too true. 

There are many in my country (USA), who blame western actions in the ME for general jihadism. This is complete lunacy. 

There is a reason that many hardline Islamic nations have censorship, lack of reliable internet, laws which reduce women to subservience etc. The reason is that those laws keep their populations in the past. As Isis states, their aim is to export this ideology, known as Sharia, across the globe. How is this not tied to Islam? 
[Relevant response starts at 1:30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBUqBjp1tBA)

This article is fucking bullshit divide and conquer rhetoric and unfortunately it works with this subreddit. There's only 2 groups of people who are to blame for these attacks: the Islamist terrorists and the western governments.


I'll accept this. But can we say that neoconservatism and getting the US to invade the Middle East for Israel is a Jewish issue?
&gt;The obsession some have with earmarking Western imperialism as the root of all global evil is paradoxically soft-racist. By putting the blame for the volatility of the Muslim world at large on the neocolonialist manoeuvres of the West, and not on the corrupt leaderships or religious fault-lines conspicuously manifested by the locals, these opinion-makers exhibit twenty-first century Orientalism, implicitly asserting that Muslims would readily act against their self-interest should a Western power sufficiently wish so.

Bro are we on the third level? The author is calling the people calling other people racist, racists by assuming that Muslims are so easily manipulated.


He's correct, though, this is part of why I'm a leftist, this type of thing causes sectarianism, but at least we're self critical.

That's only a new Cardiff every year.
Wow, 336,000 extra doctors and nurses in one year! (Sorry, just prepping myself for tonight's QT)
Tim Farron must be beside himself.
When did border control (for an island FFS) become so difficult.
From the [ONS](http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/november-2015/stb-msqr-november-2015.html)

&gt;Net migration of **EU** citizens showed a statistically significant increase to **180,000** (up 42,000 from YE June 2014). **Non-EU** net migration also had a statistically significant increase, to **201,000** (up 36,000).
The NHS relies on immigration so unprecedented levels of immigration are fine according to the QT audience.
http://imgur.com/kVdRKzI

I'm sure you can spin this one dear but you look ridiculous
Look at all those skilled doctors, engineers and teachers. It's a good thing we can control ou-.......oh wait.
So thats all of Georges 400k houses used up before they are even built. 
Not great from the Tories but with Labour's foot looking like a honeycomb from shooting themselves can Tories lose in 2020? They could win if they put in poll tax.
what happened to controlled borders, its impossible being part of the EU.
http://i.imgur.com/wYz6SSH.jpg
Leave.EU
Year after year, the population density increases and year after year, we'll do nothing about it.

Let's leave the EU and control our borders. No more to non-selective, mass immigration.
Tim Faron will be masturbating at the news.
COME ON ITS 2015
Isnt most of this number students and professionals? Students bring in a lot of money. 
With the number of people claiming pensions ever increasing and the number of people of working age not keeping up, isn't this a good thing?
That is a lot of terrorists guys! 
Since ISIS are by all accounts being pushed back at the moment and losing vast swathes of territory and key strategic places (aleppo airport). 

Can I ask what rational reason is there for us bombing Syria more? We, the Iraqis and the Americans are winning in Iraq, the Russians and Assad are winning in Syria.

Short of a massive land invasion any intervention we make would be only symbolic. I can't see how we help by bringing a couple of tornadoes bring to the party.
Good choice.
The first identified terrorist from Paris was a French national. When a French man bombs France, the correct thing to do is to think about why, not bomb Syria.
I was hoping Labour would be supportive of the Kurds. Mr. Corbyn must surely sympathize with them, why does he refuse them military help? You cannot negotiate with ISIS, and what's more we *should not*. The Kurdish militias want military support; Kurdish forces are making gains against ISIS - they must be backed in these efforts. The Government should be empowered to supply air-support in Syria as and when it is required. 
That  George Aylett guy is such a prick.

-----------

Peace talks with who? Who would you actually want to talk to in the region?
Heaven forbid we should do anything about ISIS, didn't just attack our ally or anything. 

Just need to get everyone around, have a nice chat, sure this ISIS thing will just work itself out.

Come on, be a proper opposition. Peace talks, ok. So Al Nursa and ISIS need to be involved then or its fucking pointless... oh wait... thats obviously a terrible idea.

And humanitarian support, great so safe zones... like how you normally handle civil wars, give people somewhere to go back to? Or are we going to just resettle the entire non ISIS and non-active combat troops population of Syria throughout europe.

Spineless is what it is, aiming for moral perfection over getting a damn thing done. GG labour.
For all you armchair generals on here, Air Strike Campaigns do jack shit to ISIS, you need intelligence and a land force. If air strikes alone is so amazing then Libya would be the new Finland. 

* So will we back a new Kurdish state and tell Erdogan to piss off and secure his borders? 
* Do we work with shia paramilitaries and increase Iranian influence to Syria and Iraq?
* Back Assad?
* Start a ground campaign?

I am not ruling out air strikes, but we have to do it open-eyed, not just bomb and fuck off. 
&gt;The Labour Party was created by the Fabian Society whose leaders covertly advocated dictatorship while ostensibly promoting “democracy.”

&gt;The Labour Party has been responsible for introducing policies like mass immigration and multiculturalism, designed to destroy traditional British society and culture and reconstruct it in line with its internationalist schemes.

&gt;The Labour Party’s policy of state-sponsored mass immigration has resulted in wages being kept down and living costs going up, exposing it as a fraudulent organisation working against the interests of the working classes (indeed, of the whole population) whom it claims to represent.
Sort the situation out between Assad &amp; the rebels (with dialogue), then think about airstrikes against ISIS imo. 
Would France invoking Article 5 force our hand?
I rather think that the only solution to Syria is a full-scale UN occupation. In the meantime, though, every little we can contribute to the fight against ISIS is a bonus.
Labour right now. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WgUktfdDy4&amp;t=0m16s
And how exactly is anyone going to have peace talks with ISIS! 
Labour and all of their voters are living in a fairy tale land where everyone is nice. Fuck what they think.
Whatever the decision is, it is important to remember that every conflict is different. We should not judge prospective strikes on ISIS on the success or failure of previous interventions like Iraq or Afghanistan. We also need to consider whether our participation will be militarily significant or just symbolic. 

Some will argue for pacifism because it would raise the terror threat in the UK, but this would, first of all, be giving the terrorists what they want, and secondly, the terror threat is already at its highest regardless. I would not object if the Conservatives got enough cross party support to launch air strikes, and I am not one to normally agree with them. 

Corbyn will stick to his principles, and that's fine, I don't hate him or think he's dangerous. He actually practices his beliefs, and that is admirable. We also need an intelligent solution to the migration situation. It is possible to police Europe's borders properly but we have not yet had the 'iPhone' of immigration policy, that would maintain security while allowing refugees a safe space. We must not just react, we must think, and not bicker with each other along party political lines or half baked ideologies. 

Solidarity with Europe, and yes, the EU, now or in 2016/17, is the more pragmatic decision in the long term.

Edit - formatting.
http://i.imgur.com/HZQhpea.gif
Just when I thought this kind of utter stupidity regarding even recent history was limited to US politicians. 

Killing 45M of your own in 4 years because you don't understand basic farming has to qualify Chairman Mao as top of the table in all time idiots to lead a country.
Firstly, he killed millions, but we all already know that. 

Secondly, he had small furnaces installed in tonnes of people's houses in an attempt to create lots of steel. They did just that, but it was terrible steel and absolutely useless. 

Thirdly, he ordered a certain species of bird (sparrow, I think) to be killed. People went out on killing sprees on this bird because it ate grain seeds, thinking it would lead to better harvests. Only problem is, sparrows eat locusts. Want to know what locusts eat? Grain. The locust population boomed and even more crops were lost.

Mao was an imbecile. 
Doesn't seem particularly fair that if you praise Hitler your career would be over, but Mao and Stalin are somehow fine. Sure you can argue that with Hitler it was intentional and Mao/Stalin largely incompetence and ignorance but if you're stupid enough to accidentally kill millions of people then what exactly is being praised?
Even if Diane is delusional enough to think this, she had to know it wouldn't go over very well. What on earth was she thinking?
Jesus Christ, **stop**!
Did Portillo say "Diane, tell us something McDonnell believes that will make us laugh and shocked at the same time"?
Just the utter bewilderment of the guy next to her says it all. What are you even doing diane.
stop! stop! Corbs is already dead...
[**@Jamin2g**](https://twitter.com/Jamin2g):
&gt;[2015-11-27 00:43:39 UTC](https://twitter.com/Jamin2g/status/670040250207596545)

&gt;Diane Abbott: "Mao did more good than harm", then shrugs. 
&gt;[*vine.co*](https://vine.co/v/iamVnD9A1Xg)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3ui99d%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

So I guess you could argue Hitler did more good than harm?
"WHAT!" haha, best reaction ever.

God forgive the Labour party these days. We really need a new HM opposition party, at this point I think the SNP would be a better opposition than Labour.
The man literally killed 5 times more people than the Holocaust, in the span of 3 years.
Diane Abbott is fucking insane and ignorant. Fucking... hell. 


[Longer version](https://youtu.be/uB4o5n2EGyA)
Watched the long version.  Still a fucking stupid thing to say.  Stop scoring own goals.
Remember when he ordered the killing of all the sparrows in China, which caused swarms of the insects they prayed on to devour crops and spark a famine?

Good guy, Mao.
Yes and Kim Il Sung did more good than harm, his juche ideology made the DPRK a powerhouse in the world /s
Even Mao didn't believe that..
More context culled so everyone can circle jerk.
I wonder if people actually listened to what was said prior to the snippet... I thought not. 
Well done to Corbynistas for telling people to join the Tories, it's working.
[Full UK Polling Report article on this poll](http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/blog/archives/9551)

&gt;Suffice to say, while this is a bad poll for Labour even by ComRes’s standards, it’s not some great slump in Labour support. The reason the Tory lead is bigger than in recent polls giving them a lead of only six or seven points is down to ComRes having a different methodology, not a sudden fracturing of support.

___

"I trust Jeremy Corbyn to keep me and my family safe": Agree: 17% Disagree: 58%

(Of people who voted Labour in 2015, 34% agreed and 34% disagreed. Even of people who say they want to vote Labour now only 43% agreed, and 26% disagreed)

"I trust David Cameron to keep me and my family safe": Agree: 39% Disagree: 39%

(71% of 2015 Conservative voters agreed and 11% disagreed, for comparison with Corbyn)

"Labour MPs should remove Jeremy Corbyn as leader of the Labour Party": Agree: 40% Disagree: 31% 

(29% of 2015 Labour voters agreed, 47% disagreed)

View on David Cameron: Favourable: 38% (+3) Unfavourable: 42% (-) NET: -4

View on Jeremy Corbyn:
Favourable: 22% (-2)
Unfavourable: 50% (+8)
NET: -28

(Osborne has -19, McDonnell -12 (though that's mostly because 52% of people don't have an opinion on him), Johnson +17 and May -4).

http://www.comres.co.uk/polls/independent-on-sunday-sunday-mirror-november-political-poll/


____

I hadn't realised that 27% is less than the Tories got in 1997. But ComRes is the only pollster showing this big a lead for the Tories, because they revised their methods earlier than other pollsters, and [their revised methods showed that the Conservatives had an 11-14 point lead before Corbyn took over](https://twitter.com/anthonyjwells/status/668160174817976320). 
[deleted]
How low can Labour go?
Cameron is well and truly rattled!

Serious edit: It's a bloodbath. The North of England has Conservatives 6 points ahead. 
That's the first time I've ever seen Labour dip below 28%. Amazing.
One of the replies to the tweet brings up a good point; if even with voters abandoning the Labour party like this the Lib Dems can't improve their poll ratings, then what hope do they have?
I'd like to see Labour hit 25%, just to see if it's possible. If there's one man that can manage it, it's Corbyn. I have faith in him. 
**This is because of the right wing media smear campaign!!1!**

Labour is doomed, although Chuka Umunna is setting himself up to challenge Corbyn for leadership, it seems. A worrying prospect. 

Why are UKIP constantly hovering around 15%, even with the EU migrant crisis and Labour dying? Will they ever make it to 20%? 
Why don't the voters just JOIN THE TORIES?
LABOUR ON SUICIDE WATCH
^^^LIB^DEM^FIGHT^B^A^C^K
My master cracked open a bottle of the finest vintage when he saw this poll. He even permitted me to have a sip. 
And this is with getting all the unpopular policies out the way at the start of the term. Clever guy that Cameron. He should be a politician.
So a Tory majority of about 90.

Fuck.
It would be nice to see UKIP overtake Labour in the polls, only 12% to go. 
Interesting to note in light of the BSE findings that we recently had that if you look at the data, 89% of people voted in the last election according to this poll.  The BSE said the reason for the problems was not necessarily weighting of data, but poor sampling (and this shows that).

What ComRes have started to do is weight down certain demographics (younger people and C2DEs) to get a more representive cross section of what this would look like.  On the old 10/10 likelihood to vote (which was 64%), they would have had Con 37%, Lab 30%, UKIP 16% LD 6%.
Oldham is going to be interesting if this reflects Labour voters jumping ship to UKIP.
[**@georgeeaton**](https://twitter.com/georgeeaton):
&gt;[2015-11-21 19:30:01 UTC](https://twitter.com/georgeeaton/status/668149383150587905)

&gt;ComRes/Indy on Sunday poll: Con 42 \(N/C\), Lab 27 \(\-2\), Ukip 15 \(\+2\), Lib Dems 7 \(N/C\).

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3tq4sc%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

/#libdemfightback
I genuinely would love it if some third party like the lib dems or ukip rose to prominence. Be good to change the power dynamic in Westminster.
Where's Green?
This is good news indeed.  All hail the Tory masterrace.
Amusing that there is no one arguing this poll is an outlier like the Ipsos Mori one last week. Suits the agenda I guess!
can someone explain this poll to me please?
A fucking rotting melon should be able to beat Cameron and his cronies with the sht they're up to.  WTf?

My ideal government is a Tory/Ukip/DUP/UUP coalition
Instead of linking to shitty twitter, can we not link to the actual details of the poll?
I call shenanigans.
Fucking morons will still Tory no matter what. 

They are destroying the NHS and the deficit is out of control. 

Cameron could give a speech do giant turd and fuck it on stage and everyone would still blame Corbyn. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1l1XGiXgo0
The government is failing to spend enough on anything, that's kind of the point of austerity.

The NHS, armed forced, police, education, it's all a shambles compared to before the economic meltdown. It's gonna take some time to recover yet, probably take us till 2025 to recover from the cuts. 
If I read the stats correctly, They want Junior doctors to be working 7am until 10pm, Monday to Friday...

Flawless Logic there from the government. *"Hey, we need more doctors... so here's what we'll do, We'll make it completely unappealing to anyone considering becoming a doctor? Sounds like a plan, right lads?"*
On a serious note, I hope it comes with a long term, united plan, and not just a quick bombing followed by everyone looking around at each other pondering who will pick up the pieces.
Woah wait, really? They passed it?

Hot damn, it's actually on then, IS has united all world powers against them. It's not often that you see something as decisive as this from the UNSC.
It's on.
SNP and Burnham are onboard now then I guess.
I wonder how Corbyn will react to this, normally he is all for a UN based solution, I find it hard to imagine he will back the Government proposals - but it must colour his view upon the matter. 
Good, you can't have a diplomatic solution while IS exists. 
The only good bug is a dead bug!
\&gt;All necessary measures

\&gt;Russians are involved

Feeling this won't take long.
Good.
Does this mean the Green Party ISIS Peace Conference is cancelled?

Dang, I bought my ticket for Hug-A-Suicide-Bomber 2016 and everything. 
Any idea why this is not on the front page of BBC News? Only reference I could find was on the world service page. Are they waiting for Corbyn to comment before they launch the story perhaps?

Bloody hell, we might actually have a just war.
*slow nod of approval*
Hurray! War!! The next decade is going to get particularly violent
Bets on which country will be the first to commit significant ground troops?
A ground troop invasion from a western coalition designed solely to remove isil will achieve little. The real question is, where does Turkey stand in all this, and what of the Kurdish people. Erdogan and his party seem very much against an independent Kurdistan on their Syrian front but then again he may be open to negotiation if certain conditions are filled, like an arms amnesty, or concessions from the eu. There are better ways of dealing with this problem. 
This is actually worst. We'll just push them underground and spread them across the world.


Damnit. Now we have to have another bloody war which will achieve nothing other than making things worse. 

Best case scenario we re-instate Assad, worse than ever and with explicit Russian backing. More realistic case we kill him, lots of fighters and leaders from all the different groups in play, lots of western troops, and a fuckton of civilians. And then after the dust has settled we have a power vacuum we're unwilling to fill that gets filled with a slightly different group of lunatic murderers.

For the first time ever I hope Corbyn does well. He may be a bumbling unelectable idiot, but even a stopped clock is right twice a day, and if the clock is pointed at "don't go to war" more often than that....
&gt; The whole of the Brussels metro network will be closed this weekend and events such as football matches will be cancelled.

Isn't this what terrorists want? To disrupt our way of life? Are they winning without even trying?
Why would anyone imagine this to be a short war? It's not the Allies vs Tinpot Iraq. We don't even know exactly who's side everyone is on, nor what they are trying to achieve. Our goals in Syria are to take out ISIS and Assad. Assad is supported by Russia, Iran, China, Pakistan etc. While ISIS factions are being variously supported by Turkey, Saudi, UAE, Jordan, Israel, Qatar etc. 

This will not be pretty. 
Why is everyone saying this is going to be long, and we are entering a war etc?

We are committing to dropping some bombs on ISIS in Syria. We are already bombing them right next door in Iraq. And all we are really doing is helping out the French and Americans. 
&gt;Mr Cameron’s statement that we do indeed have a partner, of whose existence few were previously aware. He said that there are 70,000 “Syrian opposition fighters on the ground who do not belong to extremist groups”. The impression given is that there is a “third force” in Syria which will provide a powerful ally for the US, France and Britain. 

And here's the biggest problem. This isn't even a good lie by Cameron. Everyone he's telling it to already knows it isn't true. How can any politician support a policy that relies on a lie in order to make sense?

It's the kind of breezy statement the person saying it knows isn't true but it's nice to add to reaffirm a decision they've already made. Like "Iraq definitely has WMDs", or "we'll be greeted as liberators". No, that's wrong, now if you want to convince me of the need for this action find a real statement as to your endgame plan or why it's actually necessary.

Tell me we're going to support a Kurdish offensive on Raqqa. Then at least I know that if the YPG can't do it, or Turkey bombs the hell out of them, that you'll give them arms and training, and negotiate with Turkey, so that we can make the plan come to fruition.

Tell me we're going to support the Syrian army, give them intel and air support. Russia's plan, shitty though it is, has a sound concept.

Tell em we're going to send in 20,000 peacekeepers. Just tell me anything that could actually work.

"We're going to bomb stuff and an imaginary army of good guys will spring forth from nowhere and fix all the ills in Syria" is not a plan. It's a quagmire. How we can *still* be engaging in foreign adventurism after what we've learned so many times, without a bloody plan.
&gt;In one crucial respect, David Cameron’s approach is similar to that which saw Britain fight two small but unsuccessful wars in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2003

How were they unsuccessful? Are goals were to depose both the Taliban government and the Saddam government. We did so with ease. Iraq and Afghanistan still have their democratically elected government right now, the wars were not failures.

The author is certainly right about needing a partner, however. The only partner we could work with is Assad, to be quite frank.
Tories are apparently so fiscally responsible that their budget cuts haven't done anything to improve on labour's abysmal legacy. Spending less with their austerity drive and running the same deficit. Tories: Somehow worse than labour :/
The Tories literally had one plan for the economy, to shrink the deficit and they have failed miserably.

This budget is going to be a comic tragedy, it will never get passed, in the current climate what do you do cut the police? Cut the army? Cut the NHS? Cut the benefits? With the news that our bridges are falling down they can't even cut infrastructure.
The plan is just to increase the wealth of the wealthiest. The deficit is just a cover under which to do that, so whether it's decreased or not isn't much of a concern to them. As can be seen.
That isn't what "shock" means. Gideon has never hit any of his targets.
... and now he has an excuse to do whatever he likes in next week's budget.

&gt; "We're all in this together, so here's an inheritance tax cut paid for by the money we took from the poorest. It's ok though - I redefined the living wage to be £3 an hour and changed the legal definition of poverty. Our statistics have never looked better".
Convincing no one with his European negotiations, unflattering deficit figures. Boris must be devastated. It's 5 years too early.
George really is ~~masochistic~~ a sadist isn't he... The cuts aren't working, lets cut *harder*
'The patient isn't recovering -- bring more leeches!'
[ONS release.](http://ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/psa/public-sector-finances/october-2015/sum-october-2015.html) If you want to see YoY monthly, [2014/15](https://i.gyazo.com/d734eb8d2dbb200996b8b8f9b565435d.png), [2013/14](https://i.gyazo.com/b9b1fb24ce36c0effe409bf858374002.png). 
Cut the massive fossil fuel subsidies?
Osbourne, You're never going to be Prime Minister. I know you really, really want it. Its why you cut your hair and lost all that weight. But you're not going to make it. You've completely fucked it up.So much for him being the great Machiavellian game player. 
He is like a doctor from the 12th century, bleeding the patient hasn't worked so far, but I'm sure the next pint of blood loss will do the trick. 
Quelle surprise!
Austerity was never about the economy, it was about small state ideology.
I think you misheard, that wasn't "police cuts" they were chanting
A flaming police car and a guy with a high vis jacket and glasses on over his guy fawkes mask doing the peace sign.  
"Million"
Needs about 999,999 more masks...
Anarchists demanding more government spending?  

Delicious ironing.
It seems the rebellion was swiftly extinguished.

http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/11/05/21/2E26AABF00000578-3305777-image-a-106_1446758566902.jpg



Whoever burnt that police car doesn't understand how the world works. 
I'm not sure that it's the police cuts that they have a problem with.
Why are people calling them anarchists? This guy is SWP, and thankfully most of the younger folks on the left fucking hate them. Between covering sexual violence within the party, their inability to move on from 1930 and utterly counterproductive and destructive protests.
Fucking SWP.
Anyone else find it hard to take this protest serious? Just a bunch of immature men and women looking for a bit of trouble and fun and not really aware of what it is they're protesting.

I can't take anything involving guy fawkes' masks seriously.
https://www.facebook.com/124563204315456/photos/a.124695450968898.19183.124563204315456/760630000708770/?type=3&amp;theater
For fucks sake Anarchists how are we supposed to satirist that!
It is really endearing for the cause.
Do we have a percentage on the number of protesters who torched a police car?
No one will listen, the warmongerers will get their raw meat and we'll all be wise after the event. Again.
Spot on.

But watch the Eton pig fucker push us into more trouble.
So what are we supposed to do? Sit back and let ISIS run riot?
Fun fact: WMDs actually were found in Iraq.
What's funny is if you look at the whole population more of them back policies that stop their party from winning as well (albeit not by as big a margin). 

It's more prominent with Corbyn fans, but by no means unique. 
I bet these are the Corbyn backers who's lives aren't being seriously affected by the Tories being in power, because I suspect those who are probably feel having an unelectable Labour party is a bad thing.
I would rather their policies be somewhat reasonable and not just pointing out the flaws in other peoples at the moment and keep the more radical aspects of their principles to themselves for a while so they can at least look like a legitimate alternative for government.

The reason the Conservatives can do pretty much anything they want until the next election is because they can just point at the million and one things Corbyn and his pals have said in the recent past and just say "Well, you're not going to vote for those nutters and commies are you?"  and laugh and have a fair point.
So they want Labour to be redundant? 

There's nothing good about being in opposition.
I'm not a Corbyn backer, but I'd rather we had a Labour party with actual left-wing values than a Red Tory party, even if they don't win. If the public wants to vote centre-right, vote Conservative, they're better at it anyway. At least if we've got a left-wing opposition they might be able to oppose the Government and try to influence things indirectly. 
That graph shows that more people in total, not just Corbyn supporters or even labour voters, agree with that statement over the other one.

And only 23% of the general public agreed that a political party should compromise its principles to get into power.
People want to vote for a politician who has conviction in what they say, rather than says whatever they need to get elected.

A lack of Conviction in their beliefs is what sunk Labour before the election and after when they wouldn't vote down the Welfare bill. Trying to pretend it'll suddenly start working and that people want to vote for robots is the real fantasy.
I can't even fathom this. It's as if supporters of Corbyn care more about ideological purity than actually helping the poorest in society who actually need them. 

Even supporters of Corbyn must acknowledge that from their point of view the poorest people would be better off under a Centrist Labour government than any Conservative government, even if it's just marginally so. So why are they adopting policies that they know will exclude them from power?

The only reason I can think of is that these people don't actually care for the poorest in society, they're only motivated by a misdirected hatred of both the Conservative party and the New Labourites. 

I don't agree with most of what Labour stand for, let alone Corbyn's Labour, but by god I support the efforts to bring the party in line with its grassroots and what they want again. The resistance is all coming from those entrenched in the Westminster bubble - either ex Blairites and Brown government members, or those pissed off at losing the chance to form a government under Milliband.

Frankly, if I was Corbyn, I'd seek the support of party members for a kind of democratic "knight of long knives" purge of those opposed to the party's new direction. Use the whip, replace problematic MPs with those willing to promote the new agenda and seek a mandate through by-elections.

If the Blairites don't like it they could always form a new party closer to the centre ground. Not that they would - they care about nothing more than their own electability, and always have done. The irony is that it's their behaviour and undermining of their new leader's authority that is contributing most to Labour coming across as unelectable. They're the problem, not the solution.
I think the press is hostile to Corbyn partly because they've got to justify, if only to themselves, why they have writing within such a narrow window of "received political opinion" for so long. So when the leader of the Labour party says, "I don't think a nuclear deterrent is worth it, actually" they to shriek hysterically to cover up the fact that they haven't been questioning such an eminently questionable position for so long. 
People want to be able to vote for what they believe in and not the lesser of two evils.
71% of Corbyn backers are idiots.

It's almost as if they want the Tories to be in power for the next 20 years just so they can feel good about themselves as a protest party.
Their Green mentality is showing.
And I'm sure **100%** of Tory voters don't mind if Labour's policies prevent them from being electable.

Personally I'd be happy to see Labour returning to being a credible opposition. Which currently they aren't.
The latest polls show Cameron 7 points ahead of Corbyn. 

Please kick him out otherwise you will not win.
Ask them again the day after the general election.
it's better than being the Conservative party 2.0... Actually having a different stance is important. 

I think it shows just how poor the debate is in British politics that any alternative view is met with hysterics by the media.  
That "RIP France" sign though..
&gt;This video contains content from TF1 Antennes, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds.

Fuq vous.
How do they know the words? I'd just be humming.
♫ A Frenchman went to the lavatory, ♫

♫ There to have a, mighty shit ♫

♫ He took his coat and his trousers off ♫

♫ So that he could revel in it ♫

♫ But when he reached for the paper ♫

♫ He found that someone had been there before him ♫

♫ Où est le papier?! ♫

♫ Où est le papier?! ♫

♫ Madame, Monsieur ♫

♫ Je ai eu une merde ♫

♫ Où est le papier?! ♫
#
England fans cant sing their own anthem, much louder for the French
Usually not a fan of football but credit where credit's due. Infinitely preferable to those ridiculous Facebook profile pic filters. 
That was some pretty terrible audio quality.
Never realised how war-like and blood thirsty the Marseillaise is. Blimey.

Anyway, lets get back to BAU...

*With latern jaw and croaking gut*

*see the half-starved Frenchman strut*

*and call us English dogs!*

*But soon we'll show this bragging foe*

*That beef and beer land heavier blows*

*Than soup and roasted frog!*


I gotta say, this past week has really made me realise how much better it is than "God Save The Queen". I reckon about 50% of scottish nationalism would be killed of if we all had something better to sing together at sporting events.
France has such a great national anthem I used to have it on my iPod. 
I could manage to sing their anthem, but waving their flag? That's a step too far. Grenouille batards sommes sabotaging nous. Demain sera une invasion!
traitors to the crown! 
10k if that max, nobody knows the bloody words.
"The idea that we're going to go into a bombing operation, supported by ground forces 100's of miles away, some of whom are jihadists themselves, some of whom are offshoots of ISIL anyway. There aren't any reliable allies there. Look at what happened with the Turkish shooting down of Russian planes, is this really a sensible process we're really embarking on, should we not be more cautious about this?"

[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqqzytMzOfY&amp;t=13m15s) really sums up my opinion too. Glad he pointed out how short-sighted, and naive Cameron's idea is. Anyone that has been following the Syrian civil war would know how absolutely true this is. Groups that the Americans armed are already using those weapons on Kurdish forces which the Americans are also supporting. It's a complete shitshow. 

To be honest, he came across very sensible here. I don't know why he's being vilified for this at all. Labour should be getting behind him, not rebelling for no reason. I hope he does whip the vote so Cameron calls it off.
[deleted]
What I think doesn't seem to get enough notice in this debate is that war is already there. Britain's non-intervention will not bring about peace. It cannot therefore be said to be a 'pacifist' response. It is a 'non-interventionist' response. There is no peace in the region and there won't be for many years as far as I can see.

Also, just to clarify I hold no strong view on whether Britain should intervene or not, I just feel we should stop pretending that Britain not intervening will be some huge step towards peace.

EDIT: [Daily Mirror](https://twitter.com/DailyMirror/status/671093948933369861) headline is classic illustration of this point. It's been war for a while now guys.
All I would like to say is that this is a brilliant interview. Corbyn speaks his mind and is not afraid and I have the upmost respect for that. He sounds mature and as if he thinks for himself, not just echoing the words put in his ear. Good work Corbyn
When was the last time bombing a country made things better?
"Pursue a political optional" 

With who? IS is the single biggest threat to the Syrian government and lets say in a magical scenario you have a political solution without IS... they are still there, they still need to be destroyed. Unless Corbyn is implying that IS should be part of a political solution which I doubt. 
"The government is asking us to fight ISIL, two years ago they asked us to fight Assad. We seem to be changing sides."

Is there a secret meaning behind this statement that I'm not getting or is it as retarded as it sounds?
About time he wears something other than his tan suit.
It should be noted that there was no 'undecided' option.
This is just the second poll since Paris if I am not mistaken. The other one was conducted in the immediate aftermath. Let's wait for another  3 or 4 to roll in over the next few weeks before establishing anything. To establish the impact Paris has had on public opinion. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7qQ6_RV4VQ
The tide is slowly turning....
Good, we'll stay on our island whilst they cripple themselves with shitty policies.
[**@britainelects**](https://twitter.com/britainelects):
&gt;[2015-11-23 21:46:00 UTC](https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/668908380157816833)

&gt;EU referendum poll:
&gt;Remain: 48% \(\-5\)
&gt;Leave: 52% \(\+5\)
&gt;No undecideds. 
&gt;\(via ORB / surveyed Nov, specifics unknown\)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3tzuxp%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Just like Scotland was kept in the Union by eleventh hour promises from the PM we'll be kept in the EU for the same reason, I hope you can all sleep at night when our fishermen can't feed their families due to EU fishing regulations.
Can we not examine every single poll that comes out between now and the referendum, please? 
Not sure any UK pollsters can be trusted anymore 
TIL pork is kryptonite for Muslims. 
Problem is on the way back it will attract British migrants wanting free bacon.
https://i.imgur.com/NSS5ioh.jpg
'Disturbing footage'
All this means is they won't eat the truck.
I for one am appalled that the migrants are causing truck drivers to prop up the sub standard Danish bacon industry.
[Epic Hungarian truck driver running the Calais Migrant Gauntlet.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=382njADcWvE) Has a bit of a point about them being cowards and leaving their women behind to fight ISIS....
There are lots of pics out there of strict Muslims (the jihadi kind) drinking alcohol and engaging in debauchery. They're nothing more than hypocrites.
Just tell them about what our PM may have done with pork, that'll deter them.
Why is the Telegraph saying this is disturbing? In what way is this disturbing?
Genius. 
[MFW](https://i.imgur.com/1Xz94nw.gifv)
Well that's really weird. Plus now I'm hungry.
Oh wow, that's actually hilarious.

Its amazing just how far people will take their religion. Travel across Europe from a warzone with nothing but a backpack, but god forbid there be pork in the road!
Prudent measure, though I doubt it will deter the illegals. The smell of welfare is bound to block out the smell of pork.
It's a shame that the authorities do nothing and force the lorry drivers to such measures. Such a waste of a beautiful bit of meat. Some might say beautiful enough to fuck. 
Kek.
This is genius. I look forward to someone explaining just exactly how the truck drivers are in the wrong on this.
They were showing an add for "Manwich" on the website and I just had to laugh. 
If this works then you seriously can't argue the religion doesn't motivate their behavior.
What did they seriously think would happen? Did they think the big bad Muslims would melt or go up in smoke or something?

I can't find any better illustration of Europes complete and utter incompetence and inability to deal with the refugee crisis than someone seriously and sincerely trying to make a magic force field out of pig rind.

Whats next? Are they going to impose a "the floor is made of lava" law across the whole of northern France?
This can't be real.
So why are we using explosives in Syria?
The fines on lorry drivers are in the thousands of pounds if they are found to be harboring an illegal immigrant. So I have sympathy for lorry drivers taking any action they can. But the action here is clearly wrong, it is unlikely to prove to be a deterrent for several reasons (they crossed on a dangerous boat, they have faced much worse than something silly like this) and it is likely just to humiliate the Muslim migrants even more as they go back to their humiliating poverty camp and dreadful conditions. I can't understand why the lorry driver did this apart from to rip into migrants of a certain religion. 
Just imagine if the British had done that to stop Jewish refugees coming in 1939. 

Actually, I guess the public opinion back then would have been the same as in this thread right now.
Keep Dave away from this.
God, it reads like /r/ukip or something in here. It's pretty disgusting that a lorry driver would drive around with dead flesh on their vehicles in attempt to scare people away, let alone have pork which is a direct attack on people's strong beliefs even if they aren't illegal migrants. Literally screams "if u don't like are culture go back to where u came from !!!".
I can't for the life of me understand why someone would do this.
Phillip Davies again, he opposed free hospital parking charges for carers early this year - he imo is a twat. 
Why doesn't the Speaker intervene? It's obvious what they are attempting to do, so why doesn't the Speaker do his/her job of maintaining a democratic and fair process within the house and tell this MP to stop talking? Surely this would make sense seeing as how the Speaker is supposed to be 'party neutral' - this whole situation from an outsider's perspective would look like a whole load of bias. 

And yes, I know the Speaker did 'attempt' to stop them speaking, but surely the Speaker has the authority to completely stop a member speaking - not just allow them to continue talking over them when they give an order? 

Ridiculous. 
Unless this talking-out of bills is stopped by a change of procedure, we now have a Parliamentary system in which Private Members' Bills can be, and are, regularly vetoed by a single MP.  I think that's scandalous.

It's worth noting that the Government was complicit in this, though.  (Perhaps they're going to claim the idea as their own in the near future?)


This absolutely has to stop. I don't care what side of the aisle you fall on, this cannot be allowed in our democracy.
Disgraceful behaviour from the big c Conservatives. There is no way in hell the majority of the country would oppose more first aid training so exactly who are they representing when they do this?
The awkward squad strikes again. A worse bunch of shitheads has rarely existed.

Hopefully their bullshit is becoming more widely known.

And hopefully Philip Davies suffers electorally for his antics. Surely most Tory voters would disown this shitweasel.
Its our old friend Phillip Davies being a complete cunt. It baffles me that /r/ukpolitics takes this man seriously. He's a professional troll and he's sabotaging democracy.
Its simple, throw out anybody attempting to filibuster 
I was taught first aid in school at 12 and again at 16, it wasn't voluntary or after school. I assumed it was mandatory in all schools? I remember that it helped save a life through stopping someone choking.  Given most work places pay staff extra to be a first aider it's logical to have it part of the syllabus.

Edit. It also taught me the recovery position which Ive used on a friend who'd fallen whilst drunk and sustained a head injury, used the knowledge a few times and it's better to know and not need it than need it and not know it.

A backward stupid decision.
Fucking hell, Phillip Davies is such a cunt. Just read his wiki page, and it seems he dislikes anything that benefits other people.

And his slogan is "Your interests. Not self-interest", how fucking hypocritical.
What an utter cunt. 
Corbyn: "poorly planned bombing campaigns "interventions" have created environments in the middle east that allow extremist islamic organizations to thrive... and that have a vendetta against the Western world. Maybe we shouldn't be giving airstrikes like confetti"

this sub: "Oh, he wants to hold hands and sing songs with terrorists"

Whats wrong with you people? Why is not bombing someone seen as an equal gesture to "sitting down with a bowl of lentil soup and having a nice chat"? Is not punching someone how you say hello? or do you like going completely off the deep end of the conversation just to disagree with the man?
I'm looking forward to the positive part of his argument where he lays out his plan.
So..what's your plan Corbyn?
And once more - the most anti-Corbyn subreddit available proves that literally nothing Corbyn says will be supported here.

Its uncontroversal to say that our interventions in the Middle East have increased the terror threat. Both Barack Obama and respected US military analyst Graham Fuller have said that ISIS exists because we invaded Iraq. It grew out of our disgraceful bombing of another country's people and infrastructure. 

That attack achieved what Saddam Hussein never could - it led to the establishment of terrorism in Iraq. The division we formented between Shiites and Sunnis, a division that previously didn't exist in any malicious sense, led to the Sunnis protesting against the US occupation and Shiite government with an organisation that later became ISIS. 

Before we invaded though, according to Sir David Ormand, the intelligence services predicted an increase in terror. Subsequently, following the 7/7 attacks, Baroness Manningham-Buller former head of MI5 stated that without the invasion It is very unlikely the London attack would have happened.

Dr Nafeez Ahmed explains how Previously secret CIA documentation now released shows how the West saw ISIS as a strategic asset to help destabilise the Assad government. Indeed the west funded ISIS elements in Syria to that effect.

Corbyn is absolutely correct and if we want to stop terrorism we should stop creating them.


Stopping a woman from getting mugged in the street increases your chance of getting punched by the mugger.
I wonder what his stance would be if we never intervened and just let the middle-east fall to rebels and terrorist groups with millions being killed.

Jeremy very much is one of the three wise monkeys.
Well, yeah ofcourse it has, this reason alone is not enough to argue against intervention though
True or not - voters HATE to hear that things could potentially be 'their fault'. 
I don't buy this argument. It's also dangerously close to saying that we deserve terrorist attacks, or that they are somehow justified. 

Sweden is on high alert today. Brussels too. What did either of those countries do to deserve that? 
So if it's not western interference that caused the utter shit chute that is the Middle East these days, what did cause it?
I cant believe such a statement of the obvious has warranted such comment. We mess with them (for how many hundred years?) and now, finally radical elements are taking there revenge.
So did the IRA but you supported them you twat.
There is actually a very good case to not get involved but he will never make it. Why should the UK waste its money bombing Isis when all these other countries are prepared to do it?
Importing terrorists and potential terrorists has also increased the terror threat in Britain, more so than foreign policy
So his plan is to send a strongly worded letter and let innocent Muslims get slaughtered under Isis control, whilst he smugly sits there?  
And no interventions in the middle east would also increase the terror threat
i'm starting to think this guy has been hired by the conservatives to further destroy the labour party. everything he says is an embarrassment.
I was always 100% in favour of Tony Blair going to war in Iraq.

Pissed me off when he sent thousands of British soldiers instead.
Reports produced by the team led by Hans Blix also specifically and categorically stated several times beforehand that Iraq had no WMD. 
The South African team were ignored because they were peddling a message that no-one wanted to hear.

Blair and Bush were looking for excuses for a war, not for reasons to avoid one.
You've got to wonder if the whole Syrian debate would be different if the Chilcot Inquiry had been published.
Scott Ritter and anyone with a brain who was in the UNSCOM was shouting this from the roof tops. Blair and Bush didn't give a shit.
Everyone knows this.

I can't wait for the day that Tony Blair gets charged. He caused the deaths of thousands of people through an outrageous lie. By continually delaying publishing the Chilcot Inquiry, there will be growing angst amongs the family of those individuals who died in Iraq in a phoney way.

Justice needs to prevail and he needs to be charged with War Crimes. 
Welcome to u/downbythewaterside our newest active contributor from a fellow County Londonderry man.

As you will have no doubt realised by now, r/northernireland is a nationalist/liberal/socialist cesspit of the highest order, and should be avoided at all costs!  

It doesnt really matter. The presence of WMD wouldnt have justified the invasion anyway. Nearly everybody's got WMD, it was genuinely quite surprising that Iraq didnt.

Its quite clever the way journalists have got people to fixate on the WMD, as if their presence would have justified an attack. They're keeping the excuse warm for future occasions.
Who cares, the iraq resolution was as long as your arm even without wmds.
What I don't understand is: WMDs are supposed to act as a deterrent. So if Saddam and Iraq had WMDs why would you invade them? Aren't you deterred by the possibility that he will use them in retaliation?
Is there any other way to slice this other than a deliberate attempt to mislead parliament in order to win a vote? 
Surely this is illegal?
Repeat after me "greenest government ever" 
Is anyone surprised? 
A lying, deceitful Tory? Well I never. 
Politicans gonna politician.
This woman is dangerous for energy policy, environmental protection and healthy politics. Another do as I wish and please the boss politician who's main ambition is her own self interests and progression. Not a surprise Anna Soubry loves her, two peas in a pod. 
More immigrants mean more school places, higher NHS budget, more police needed for the extra population and possible security risks. 


Then you've got the knock on effect on house prices and the rent generation who will require to live in slum like conditions with multiple people per house or claim more credits top pay the rent.

There are many more issues involved. Stupid idea to think you can infinitely expand.


It's short term, on paper gains with long term far reaching consequences.
Seems sensible, the Tories can rise immigration as much as they like and still be seen as an "anti-immigration party", because Tory voters are idiots. They may as well capitalise on that, and use immigration to boost the economy.
This has been glaringly obvious for years, the OBR fiscal sustainability report even includes [handy graphs](http://budgetresponsibility.org.uk/fiscal-sustainability-report-june-2015/)(p93). Osborne relies upon unsustainable immigration in order to cover his failings as Chancellor to create a functioning economy.

The other big take from this is that leaving the EU and thereby limiting immigration would tank the economy unless we rebalance it first. Any argument about the need to limit immigration must also provide a means of not destroying the economy at the same time. 
This should go down well in Oldham.
Thank God he set the record straight on UKIP. Now Oldham will definitely have to vote Labour. 
IRA sympathiser describes UKIP as 'evil'. World laughs.
Ahh yes, call 4 Million members of the electorate Evil.

That's how you win a election, call the electorate evil.  


IRA, Not Evil.  UKIP, Evil.  Righto McDonnell, got you.

Maybe if we send Farrage out to bomb a muslim school or something you might support him.
A kinder politics^tm
Good one John, that'll win those lost votes back.
"an evil force" to Labour's chances, you mean
Doesn't he think anyone who challenges his idea of a socialist wonderland an evil force within our society?

Smear and jeer, labour deserve all they get from UKIP and the Tories. 
Quite ridiculous. First off, how is Ukip particularly evil? They're not fascists, they don't have a violent or racist platform, they don't advocate anything truly radical - unless advocating for better immigration controls (something supported by an absolute majority) and for Brexit (something getting quite popular) is evil to Mr McDonnell. I guess that means around half the country is evil.


It's quite funny to me that someone who expressed sympathy for an armed terrorist force who ruined countless lives can call anything, especially a peaceful political party as evil.


Seems to me like Labour is grasping at straws and getting quite scared that they might be unseated in Oldham.
Do we have to expect any bombs or bullets?
It's almost like these people are only interested in consolidating their own voters rather than reaching out to the wider public... Oh wait. 
Astonishing that Labour have an IRA sympathizer in McDonnell and a well-reknowned racist in Diane Abbott in their ranks. 

Party of the people folks.
He'll make Evil and Racist fashionable if he's not careful. 
DAE that wanting immigration controls (like most of the world) is literally evil?!!!!
The "UKIP is racist" card being pulled in a constituency with [significant numbers of foreign born residents?] (http://datashine.org.uk/#table=QS203EW&amp;col=QS203EW0045&amp;ramp=YlOrRd&amp;layers=BTTT&amp;zoom=14&amp;lon=-2.1100&amp;lat=53.5366) Didn't see that coming. 
So UKIP=evil and Mao and the IRA= good?

We supposed to take this guy seriously? 
This is one of those times McDonnell when you should hold your tongue, noone cares wether who you do or do not think is evil, your job is to provide a credible economic alternative not sit around slandering political parties that have no previous record of office anyway!
Clearly UKIP hasn't bombed enough British citizens yet to earn McDonnell's approval.
And if we follow their lead and leave the EU then Brussels will have to retaliate.   

http://imgur.com/KDN0l9Y
'Anything opposing socialist utopia is evil, btw the IRA is fine fam you hear how anti-semitic machete attacks on Jews in Israel is fine too? Yeah fam'
Deaths attributable to Marxist ideas - 95 million

Deaths attributable to Eurosceptic ideas - 0
&gt;McDonnell also revealed there have been 70,000 responses so far to Corbyn’s request for views on whether Labour should back bombing Syria. ‘Overwhelmingly so far, the responses that we’ve had are sending a very straight forward message, which is don’t bomb Syria,’ he said.

Holy fuck how obvious is it? Those who support the bombing won't get involved. There are no 'Bomb Syria' rallies. But polls have shown that the majority of British people believe we should go to war. The silent majority always beats the loud and brash minority.
That's it. Go UKIP! Take that bloody by election and let's have an opposition that actually gives a fuck about Britain.
DESTROY THOSE WHO INSULT UKIP
Oh yes, *that's how Labour will* win those lost votes back.

Labour are dying an astonishingly rapid, ungraceful death. Can't wait for UKIP to become the main opposition.
They're populist, right-wing fools who believe in big Government. But they're certainty not evil - also, it'll be nice if McDonnell didn't say something silly every single week.
An evil but laughably incompetent force, thankfully. Even with 3.8 million protest votes they could only muster a single MP (who defected from an establised party). 
Personally I don't see how joking about Mao is the worst thing, especially given how causal holocaust jokes seem to be sometimes.

Besides, UKIP's anti-scientific policies and borderline fear mongering of immigrants over time has proven to me that they're the biggest threat when it comes to "fascist" parties in the UK. John has no respect from me, but his statement still stands true in my eyes.

EDIT: To clarify, I was talking about politicians who make holocaust jokes. Just the "edgy" side of the internet.
I can tell you about it on the ground. 

An acquaintance of mine runs ESOL classes in the Oldham and Rochdale area. She works for a tertiary education provider. The students are mandated and forced to attend the classes else they get JSA stopped. 


Good right? They progress and therefore they get jobs right?


Well no...


What happens is the learners come, barely participate finding some sort of spurious excuse why they don't like the teacher. They simply spend the class time socialising with each other.
I covered this class for a friend for 2 weeks. We no want teacher you... because I was a man. A female teacher took the class. We no want teacher you. Haram woman.

So they got a Muslim woman to take the class, she even spoke their L1. She couldn't get them to learn. 


I looked through the records and the class has been run for over 8 years with the SAME people with barely any progress being made even with the really good teachers I'm friendly with. Today only new teachers and rookies take that class because it is a big stain on their career to have a class like that with bog all achievement for years on end.


They are going to be screwed though as the recent 17% cut (ontop of the other cuts) mean the classes have to end up in a qualification. AND they can only take the class once at each level.
Oldham born and bred, got out of there as soon as I could and only go back to see family.

One of many Northern mill towns that has been decimated by uncontrolled immigration (mainly bangladeshi). Mass segregation of communities, ghettoisation of areas (Some of the white Islington set ought to spend a day in Glodwick and play "avoid getting my head kicked in"), electoral fraud on a Tower Hamlets scale, all of which result in mass racial tension (and race riots).

There's some poetic irony now though in that the settled asian communities are kicking off at the eastern europeans who are flooding into oldham and encroaching on their turf.

Labour have nothing to fear here - they well and truly can afford to count their postal votes before they are cast.
Blair's legacy for you, don't care who they are as long as they'll vote labour.
Rubbing the right's nose in diversity 
Why has the Grauniad's editor suddenly discovered this alleged phenomenon that she wouldnt have mentioned before?

Nothing to do with Corbyn falling back on the Labour members/supporters to bolster his opposition to bombing Syria against his own MPs obviously.

She just happened to notice how many Labour supporters are *immigrants who dont even speak English* yesterday.  The timing is purely coincidental.

[Edit to add: Good grief, reading the posts on here, I feel the need to spell out that "how many Labour supporters are *immigrants who dont even speak English*" was just me satirizing her. (Apologies if I didnt need to spell it out. Condolences if I did.)]
I'm sure Labour were more than willing to help them fill in their postal ballots. 

The /r/unitedkingdom thread on this was removed, of course.
There are some truly awful replies to that, but [this one](https://twitter.com/mmoskvit/status/670291998809718784) is particularly indicative of just how much of a PC nightmare Twitter now is.

Edit 

[Another absolute triumph](https://twitter.com/isobel_waby/status/670291513247670272), the ensuing conversation is a real treat too.
This is what the Labour Party wanted. We know this because of what Andrew Neather wrote - that Blair wanted to transform this country through mass immigration. 

This is what has happened in our society and why parties like UKIP will always fight against the odds. 
Labour imported voters, and will continue to do so if they are elected in 2020. They're the party of mass immigration, and they're losing their white, working class vote because of it.
The residency and financial requirements for getting citizenship here need to be doubled.

At least.
The Guardian is hilarious. All about giving the batshit leftists a voice, but god forbid they actually get any power. That wasn't supposed to happen! Meltdown time. We were only pretending to support them. 
I'm going to start pretending I can't speak English next time I have someone asking me about politics.
We already knew this. Labour imported people and gave them passports and told them all to vote Labour as a way of securing future elections.

This is why we need to retrospectively remove citizenship of immigrants and their offspring. What Labour did was a crime against the British people.
This is the immigration that Labour wanted. Labour will win based on these votes alone.
This is absolutely racist! [Right guys?](/r/pcukpolitics). /sarc

In seriousness though the government responsible should bear the full blame.  Some people who can't speak English, voting for a party that is pro unlimited immigration and pro welfare, are only looking after their own interests as we all would.

With immigration at historically high levels maybe the law needs to change along the lines of long term ballot stuffing.  Importing votes is very democratic /sarc.
Whats it called when a person tries to use purely personal experience of something to prove a wide reaching claim without actual evidence or research? Because this is that.  

Edit: anecdotal evidence! That's the term I wanted! 
&gt; Guardian editor

&gt; But they're voting Labour.

Well, what's the problem then?
To be fair, if I went and lived in another country when I'm much older I wouldn't bother learning the language either. And if it was a 2 party system I would certainly be voting for the party of the people rather than the party of the establishment.

She's trying to argue that language is key to getting jobs in Britain but its not. At least not the kind of language you would need for a political discussion. 

Sure it would be terrible of half the country didn't speak English but that's not going to happen.
If the SNP try and push for independence any time soon this figure will be thrown at them time and time again to show everyone how badly they got it wrong.
Hindsight is a wonderful thing. Let's not forget that the SNP didn't just pluck "their" predictions out of thin air; they were based on the best predictions of the time - including that of the OBR.

The "SNP prediction" was wrong, because the OBR was wrong, as was DECC, and Oil and Gas UK, and absolutely everyone else...

I'm sure all the (now adjusted) long term forecasts will be just as wrong too.

And if the SNP shouldn't have used the best predictions at the time, what numbers should they have used instead?




All these independence loons should be happy Salmond ran an appalling campaign and reasonable voters didn't fall for it.
I posted about this in r/scotland. The reason the SNP mislead everyone was that their predictions on oil *revenue* were rubbish. Oil price is just one component of oil revenue, the others being oil production, production cost per barrel and oil exploration tax breaks.

The FT [wrote](http://blogs.ft.com/off-message/2014/07/13/the-scottish-government-is-misleading-scots-about-oil/) about this before the referendum. The main flaw with the Scottish Government's projections was their oil production assumptions were far too high.
Haha, yes Scotland is the biggest EU oil producer, but it's certainly not the biggest north sea producer.  Being the tallest midget isn't exactly a huge deal.
Disappointed..I can imagine the havoc and angst this would have brought our "friends" north of the border if they did vote for independence. 
Before everyone gets all smug in here.  Oil prices could just as easily go up to $200 a barrel in a month.  This is just a forecast, as is just as reliable as the SNP forecast
Doesn't it tend to be that the political agreement is come to on the basis of who won the military part in the middle?

I mean, when it comes to Daesh, as far as I understand it their basic standpoint is a round of "Fuck you, you are wrong, you are heretics, we are the Caliphate, and you should all die" - how do you negotiate with that?
Come on Jez,  not *all* wars end in a political solution. Some of them end in genocide. 
Because you fight war to gain leverage for the eventual settlement? Was it really that hard to fathom?!
So Hitler, I see you've moved your troops into Poland. We would like to discuss how your military will be permanently capped, your country divided into 4 zones of occupation (including by two countries that aren't even at war with you), you removed from power, your party disbanded, and your book banned from Germany for the next 70 years.

Er, nein?

Stop being unreasonable, we're just trying to cut out the middle part.
Why doesn't Jeremy Corbyn go to Syria to talk to IS about a political agreement?

He should 'put his money where his mouth is' and demonstrate how his new style of politics works in reality.
Did he actually say this? Seems heavily paraphrased. 
'ISIS, will you stop please?'

'No.'
Great idea. Who do we talk to? 

Well, there is ISIS. That bunch of chaps who have a tendency to decapitate and crucify those who disagree with them. 

There's Assad, who kills his own people wholesale with chemical weaponry. 

There's the rebels who are split into different groups, some of which affiliated, apparently, Al-Quaeda. 

Of course, there is the idea of forming an interim Syrian Government in exile but that would need international recognition - and how and who would they represent? The Syrian people are scattered and disparate and who can tell how such a thing would function. 

I would love it if we had stayed out, but we haven't, so we'll just have to whether it. 
Corbyn and his gang should head over to /r/im14andthisisdeep
How can such an experienced man be so pitifully naive about the nature of geo-politics?
I thought war ended when all the people who didn't want a politial agreement were dead.

Well, actually, I don't think that, but anyone can come with a glib soundbite based on fanciful assumptions.
I hear today that ISIS are organising hide and seek games for children, so they must be starting to soften up. 
Because the political agreement only tends to come once one party realises that total defeat and complete loss of power within their own country is the only other option. Japan for example didn't end fighting until it had two cities completely wiped off the face of the earth. 
TIL Corbyn knows fuck all about Warscore. They won't cede jack shit at 0% Mr.!
Isis: Hey guys can we take over the world, estabilish the calpihate and plunge the world into a new dark age?

Corbyn: Course you can, lads. Wouldn't want a war would we?

Nice one, Jezza.
The OP is not on Jeremy Corbyn's official page...
[bonus pic 2](https://i.imgur.com/rk6hJmG.png) (posted by Jeremy Corbyn's Facebook page)
When did he say this? Is he talking about ISIS, or some other conflict?  You can't 'cut out the middle part' as far as ISIS goes; somebody has to defeat them militarily. Even if co-existence with them were possible, it isn't desirable.

Yes, so what is that agreement Mr Corbyn?
Pretty certain this is a line from Doctor Who?
&gt;Why didn't we think of this before?

Because it doesn't necessarily work. The time before a conflict both sides are full of hubris and inflated rhetoric. It takes a long, grinding, war of attrition to bring them to the stage where they're willing to make a deal and compromise on things that they would have never been willing to compromise on before.

If you just roll over and prepare to make a deal on day one, there's no way you won't get one that isn't heavily balanced against you, because the other guy isn't yet ready to compromise. The reason people go to war is because they've already tried to make a deal and it hasn't worked... does he seriously think we don't already treat war as the last possible option?

No wonder people think he's naive on defence.
He's like Chamberlain, without the luscious moustache. 
Okay. 

ISIS will settle for nothing less than a good chunk of the land they control and recognition as an independent nation state, ruled by a caliphate. 

Is this something you accept in principle? Because it seems that our government doesn't. 
Because you can't talk diplomacy with someone who's convinced they can defeat you and take everything. And you can't come to a political agreement with lunatics who hate everything you stand for and want to kill you.

FWIW I'm against the bombing in Syria and would hope there is a better solution. But that solution, if it exists, will never involve coming to a political agreement with ISIS.
[bonus pic](https://i.imgur.com/MMQG2LH.jpg)
Ha, the reporter knew what they were doing.
&gt; a Sky News journalist

Shouldn't posts like this be flagged for satire?
Name calling is just childish, the same level same as the people who still think it's funny to say "Tony B-LIAR" or "David Ca-MORON", or "Red Ed" etc.

Whoever coined the nickname, whether it was the journalist or in fact the anonymous source he won't reveal, it's just a little bit pathetic. It's not even like Corbyn's position on this isn't easy to tear to shreds, lowering yourself to the childishness of a name calling insult is a bit of a weird one.
https://i.imgur.com/1Xz94nw.gifv
To be fair, wasn't Sky that called him that it was Labour MPs.

They did though put it rather prominently on the piece.

Its a bit like if labour MPs called Ed Miliband 'Red Ed' and the BBC rand a news piece online that said "labour MPs are unhappy about 'red ed'"
Corbyn and his supporters don't seem to be able to put much of an opposition together but fuck me can they get a petition going.
Amusing nickname.
Jesus fucking Christ. That really is too god damn far.
It's a lose lose situation no matter what happens.
thats been his consistent position for years, since the then government  first wanted to arm the rebels(isis) v assad.
The only reasonable position. 
Nigel Farage is right, why can't we team up with Russia and Assad and get rid of the most serious threat.
haha the telegraph goes into meltdown because Corbyn doesn't back strikes, but barely a mention that Farage is against them!
Terrorist sympathiser!^^^^/s
So he'd rather do nothing?

/s
There is no 'current terms' the plan is to bomb ISIS in Syria but for no end, we do not support the current Assad government because frankly they started this war by shooting up peaceful protests, we don't really support the myriad rebel groups anymore nor can they win because Russia is involved, we don't support Syrian Kurds because of Turkey and their long history of terrorism.

In Iraq we can have a clear aim and clear successors, the Iraqi government and military might be weak but they at least can be kept in line and the Kurds in Iraq are much more amenable and are long term allies.

Once we cross the border we lose sight of any objectives, and their is no point in entering a war without any hope nor even AIM of victory
ITT, When Corbyn is against intervention it's him being unelectable, when Farage says it, it's fine.
Anyone want to take a guess at who'll be going? I'll bet that Hillary Benn won't stick around for much longer, he can't defend policy when he totally disagrees with it. 
I honestly thought the Conservatives or Lib Dems would've had a split before the general election. Now however its clear that the ideological split in Labour is now too wide.

Honestly I think its a good thing for Labour to die (Same with the current conservative party). Hopefully more representative party's come out of the corpse that is Labour.
It's worth noting that Corbyn and McDonnell also voted against the airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq. Those were after an express request from the Iraqi government for support, and have resulted in the Iraqi army pushing back ISIS (slowly). While Corbyn says that he had an open mind and could be convinced, the evidence implies otherwise - I cannot see any situation where he would back strikes in Syria.

http://www.publicwhip.org.uk/division.php?date=2014-09-26&amp;number=53

Corbyn also voted no about supporting the UK troops in the 1991 Gulf war, after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, when there was ample UN legal cover, and a valid endgame.

http://www.theyworkforyou.com/debates/?id=1991-01-21a.23.0&amp;s=In+resolution+678+1935-10-01..1991-02-01#g113.2

Edit: Note: I am not (in this post) making the case for or against airstrikes. That's a different argument. What I am saying is that Corbyn and probably McDonnell have misrespresented their positions as being willing to be convinced to support airstrikes - that there is in fact no conceivable case that could be made that would convince them.
He's an awful leader. Telling the shadow cabinet that he wants debate, then just going ahead and doing his own thing.. it's idiotic. He seems to have a habit of doing this - inviting debate and discussion... as long as it goes HIS way. Trident renewal is exactly the same. 
If all the Conservative MPs vote for bombing then it doesn't matter what Labour MPs think.

Only if Conservative MPs vote against David Cameron will Labour MPs votes have an meaning. Why is there no talk of Conservative rebels.

The opposition are being critiqued more than the government.
[Resignations?](http://i.imgur.com/7sDzBV9.gif)
This is why we need pr
See this is why the tories win. They don't give a shit (and don't pretend to) about the kinds of wierdos who join political parties. They care about MPs, and MPs care about getting elected.

Labour is a mass movement that has lost the group that it's a mass movement of, which makes it rather ... unclear what it's for other than doing whatever the members want. And you can get members of political parties who want any damn fool thing.
Genuine question, why does he care? Whip it, shadow cabinet people he didn't like resign, he appoints people he did like, and can point out his current cabinet was doing nothing but frustrating him. PLP is onto a hiding if they keep picking fights with him.
Labour has run its course. It was always true that there was no issue for which the Labour Party was the right answer, but now that fact has become unavoidably obvious.
Corbyn is between a rock and a hard place. He wants to make it a three line whip against military action but his cabinet want to vote for action. If they don't then we become passerby's and, sadly, look weaker as a power. I applaud him for standing by his principle, but I can't see him winning.
The whole Corbyn/wider support thing is weird to me. 

For years, I had people who aren't that big into politics tell me that I'm wasting my time thinking/talking/writing about it because "all politicians are the same". 

Then Corbyn comes along and, rightly or wrongly, is different to what we've had to put up with for decades. 

I don't agree with all his intentions, but I'm happy to say that I think the vast majority come from a good place. He has a lot of the traits most people say they'd like to see in politicians. He's not sure if more war is good, he has clear principles and seems to mostly give a straight answer. 

He's what a lot of people have been wanting to see in a politician, but now he's here, those same people (in my experience) don't like him. 

Strange, when you think about it. 
Its quite funny seeing those on reddit who stated a while back that the media narrative is causing most of the problems only to jump on that bandwagon and trumpet the media narrative even more to be part of the "in crowd". Quite sad really. 
Yvette Cooper: the leader Labour needed, but the one they didn't deserve. 
Some Labour MPs are now in the wrong party.

I wonder how many will leave, after they fail to take their party back?
Quitting because your boss won't let you support bombing a bunch of people who are already getting bombed by several of your allies. How heroic.  

I mean, I'm against Corbyn forcing them to vote one way or the other, and against this whole concept of 'a party whip' altogether, but quitting over this is just dumb. 
Personally I think that tackling homegrown terrorists and stemming the flow of recruitment to ISIS would be a better option than going to war. 

But what do I know? Wishy washy pacifist, me.  
Hitchens and Corbyn have the same opinion here, but for some reason the reaction to Hitchens expressing it is very different. Weird.
&gt;I note that Neville Chamberlain and Winston Churchill are already being invoked, a clear sign that Munich Syndrome is raging in Whitehall, and especially fiercely in Downing Street itself. This is the delusional and historically illiterate belief that all crises are identical to the Czech crisis of 1938,  that all this country’s enemies are identical to Hitler,  that the sufferer is Winston Churchill reincarnated (he tends to growl in the later stages of the complaint) and that anyone who criticises him is Neville Chamberlain resurrected.

This is the most interesting part to me, as there is a sound argument to be made based upon it. Chamberlain's policy of appeasement failed and likewise our policy of not immediately attacking ISIS from the get go has allowed them to spread and expand their territorial control, which then allowed them to carry out torture, slavery, rape and mass murder.

As for whether Britain should start bombing in Syria, its hard to say without having a clearer understanding of the current Coalition's effectiveness. 

Personally I think we should authorise bombings in Syria, so that if the Kurdish forces require more support, we will be able to provide it. Defeating ISIS militarily must remain our top priority, and if air strikes in Syria further this end, then I am all for it.


We need to stay as far away from the middle east as possible.  Hitchens is right.
&gt; In paragraph 33 [of the Foreign Affairs Committee report], the reasoning of the select committee is quite clear: ‘…we believe that there should be no extension of British military action into Syria unless there is a coherent international strategy that has a realistic chance of defeating ISIL and of ending the civil war in Syria. In the absence of such a strategy, taking action to meet the desire to do something is still incoherent.’


This they key bit, we have no long term plan other than get rid of ISIS and Assad and that isn't a plan. It seems like we haven't learnt our lessons from Iraq and Libya.
Good on Peter Hitchens, it's good to see some sense and rationality in this climate of emotional knee jerk reactions. 
I would like someone to tell me how Syria can get any worse. 
I notice that none of the people who disagree seem to have actually read the argument presented, which seems to mostly consist of a Select Committee report from 3 weeks ago.

Why would you trust the government's opinion on Syria *now*, when that also means disagreeing with their opinion from *3 weeks ago*? Did the facts really change in that short time?
We just had a defense review in which cameron pledged a lot more money.

Dropping bombs means we get to test new equipment, we also have 2 new aircraft carriers and new strike fighters that need testing.

Mo bombs = mo money for the military industrial complex.

The US recently had a big discussion with the british government, essentially pressuring us to raise our military spending.

The western/developed world will milk Daesh for all it is worth, I mean jesus christ a new enemy willing to attack us on home soil? Big money, biiiig big money, also great for politicians who get to look powerful, the public love the military and a lot of people are nostalgic for the times when we were ontop of the world in that respect.

In short, we're going to be sending planes into syria and if possible, troops. It is the only possibility that puts money in the big boys pockets.
Yes Peter I will oppose irrational intervention in Syria.

I will happily oppose any irrational idea that we shouldn't get involved. People want to attack and harm us, and they have demonstrated they have the capability to do so. Doing nothing would be irrational. 

I will also oppose any bullshit idea that the attacks are understandable, justified or somehow our own fault. The attacks are borne of a hateful and barbaric ideology. That's not our fault. To suggest so is irrational. 

Lastly I will oppose any intervention that does a half arsed job. If we make the decision to use military force then we *use* all the military force we have until the threat is neutralised, dead, buried, finished with, game over, end of story. We go in and level the place, press the reset button for them. We don't do like we've done in the past -  do half the job but leave some standing to regroup and attack us harder next time. That would be, irrational. 
The duplicitous British government can not be trusted with our consent to conduct war in the Middle East. Even if the case can be made to fight ISIS, everyone knows it will "accidentally" "mission creep" into bombing the Syrian Arab Army and leaving it a failed state.

When they ask for our consent to take on ISIS we should be aware that they will take it as consent to overthrow the Syrian government by force.
No more killing. For all things good no more. War, people, is not a discussion panel. It is not our leaders sat in a studio answering questions, talking about materiel. It is not inconsequential. People are going to die. People are going to be scarred, mentally and physically, for the rest of their lives. 

Why? Why do we need to get involved militarily? Wouldn't our resources be better used in humanitarian aid for civilians, and helping out in reconstruction? Couldn't we work on trying to curb people from joining, trying to mend the fractured state of affairs we find ourselves in? 

Why do humans always resort to violence?
I'd love to see what wins out among the people on this subreddit who're desperate for Hitchens to cornhole them. Their thirst for blood, or their thirst for Hitchen's special goo
[deleted]
It is not often I agree with Peter Hitchens (or anyone associated with the Daily Wail) but, in this case, he is right. 

I can understand those who are are appalled at the terror on Paris streets and feel something needs to be done - but doing the wrong thing will make the situation worse. 

It surely can be no coincidence that France started bombing Syria just a few weeks before the Paris atrocities. This does not begin to excuse the barbaric murders that took place in Paris - but it deoes give lie to the claim that bombing Syria will make us safer. In fact - quite the opposite. 

Maybe the elevated risk to ourselves would be worth it if either :

a) we stood any chance of of achieving our objective and defeating ISIS with conventional warfare. 

-or-

b) we would make Syria a better place for ordinary Syrians to live. To answer that we have to consider if life is better for the bulk of ordinary Iraqis now that their country has been destroyed to get rid of the brutal dictator, Saddam Hussain. Yes - we know life was bad for many under his rule but many Iraqis believe it is worse now. That is what is likely to happen in Syria. 
Bombing them in Iraq only makes no sense. We should either be bombing ISIS in all the lands they hold, or should not be bombing them at all. It's pointless to follow this currently nonexistent border between Syria and Iraq. 

Either we go all out (which is what I would want), or we just don't go at all. 
what's sad about this bill is that even though it is the archetype of stupid drug laws in the west, most people just don't care. it won't affect anyone except drug users in any noticeable way, so the public have no interest in looking any deeper than 'more drugs illegal = fewer drugs on the street'. and while that is actually deeply wrong, superficially it makes perfect sense which is enough for most people. why bother looking further into such a seemingly logical statement?

as such, even though if you gave me 5 minutes with any person in Britain I could convince them that the bill is stupid as hell, it's gonna have massive public support throughout its journey through parliament. cause drugs are bad right? that's the most depressing thing about the bill for me, not its actual content, bad as that is, but the fact it represents the biggest failure of democracy in my eyes- people supporting and voting on things they have no stake in or knowledge about. 
I'm not a lawyer, but a quick glance at the bill says:

&gt; 2 Meaning of “psychoactive substance” etc

&gt; (1) In this Act “psychoactive substance” means any substance which—

&gt; (a) is capable of producing a psychoactive effect in a person who consumes it, and

&gt; (b) is not an exempted substance.

Wikipedia says you can smoke catnip and it has an effect on people. So, by that logic and my understanding, the bill would indeed make it illegal. Crazy.
This is what happens when you allow dogs to lobby politicians.
"The Catnip Times"

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHA
[Winston Smith &amp; Dave Lister when the news broke](http://i.imgur.com/NffhNoK.jpg)
I just don't see whats so bad about psychoactive substances. Can't people see the glaring contradiction here by having to allow things such as high sugar food, alcohol and caffeine?

Obviously its directed towards things like opiates, but then does that mean the majority of medical drugs will become illegal?
Pulling back the frontiers of the state indeed 
Revolutionary sentiment among cats up 1000%
Morel mushrooms are a delicacy and something you will find in high end restaurants. They're also slightly psychoactive. So is MSG FFS.
Coffee is a CNS stimulant.  Are they going to ban that too?
&gt;Psychocative

&gt;hocativ

&gt;cat


Nicely done.
Bloody cats...coming over here, don't do a day's work in their lives, living off decent British people and then expect to even be supplied with free drugs like catnip.

BAN THIS SICK FILTH!
look m8, if newton discovered gravity by looking at an apple tree we dont need money for science 
As a chemist this is rather pertinent to me. I'm currently researching antifreeze proteins that could revolutionise cryopreservation.
I've said it before, but the only reason we've been allowed to get away with that funding freeze has been due to research spending from the EU filling in the gaps. I really fear that if we leave the EU, we will be cut off from some or all of that funding, and most importantly cut off from the EU research culture, which can be a lot different to the one practised by our research councils (YMMV depending on field, I imagine). That would be really scary.
Guys it's OK as I'm sure the free marketeers will explain the problem is they still have too much cash. If we keep cutting investment eventually the market forces will pay for it all for free while we all play baccarat on our yachts. 
