Adel Termos was his name, [a little more can be read about him here.](https://twitter.com/zquadlmj/status/665354242308177920)
Aitzaz Hassan, a 14-year-old Pakistani boy, did something similar last year. Stopped a suicide bomber, saved many lives, and died a hero.

[His name was Aitzaz Hassan.](http://edition.cnn.com/2014/01/09/world/asia/pakistan-boy-stops-suicide-bomber/)
Brave man, it's good to read stories like this. Sting wrote a song with the lyric, "The Russians love their children too." In our world, because the press so often covers the dark, horrific stories out of the Middle East we might lose sight of the good. Reading about this brave man reminds me of our common humanity.
I don't think I could ever be ~~good~~ this brave. 

edit: autocorrect
Now that's a true hero.
Just a thought - I've yet to see a statue, monument, tower or a facebook profile picture turn red-white-red to show solidarity with Lebanon following the attacks in Beirut, one of the most cosmopolitan, vibrant and religiously diverse cities in the Middle-East. It is obvious that people can relate more to something happening right on their doorstep, but in this fight against terrorism, all lives matter. In a sea of likes, shares and prayers for Paris, we should keep in mind that the only way to bring people together and unite their efforts towards a common goal is to report all the stories, remember all the victims and praise all the heroes. When lighting a candle or showing your solidarity on this sad day in some other way, i urge people to spare a thought on every family affected by these atrocities around the globe. 
This man is a hero.  

I am so baffled at the replies to the Paris attacks on every link and article... Look, I am just as outraged and pissed at the Paris attacks as anyone, and I hope that it leads to ISIS's total eradication from the earth. But to jump into the "kill every muslim" comments is just ridiculous. First, that is what IS wants, the west vs Islam... Second, the refugees fleeing are fleeing from these psychopaths. Should there be measures in place to try to ID ISIS infiltration? Yes. Should all the refugees be eliminated? No. Something must be done about radicalization, but an worldwide Islamic Holocaust is not the answer. We have ideals and beliefs in this country, and much of the Western world, and we need to abide by those. ISIS did this. ISIS is the one that should pay for it.
It'd be nice if Reddit added the flag of Lebanon to their logo today to show support.
Did anyone hear about this? It seems to be connected to the French bombings with the ISIS tie and it happened the day before. So much shit happened the last 2 days... There was even a 7.something earthquake in Japan. Thank you /r/UpliftingNews for giving us hope in these days of darkness
His daughter also died :( 
This cannot get any sadder. 
may god rest his soul.
I hope this man gets to dine at the head of the table with God.  We need more Adel's in this world.
his daughter still died with him   
fuck
What a brave guy. To make that choice.   
I was wondering why 80-100 people didn't just rush the shooters instead of waiting to be slaughtered on mass. Some may die to prevent all from dying.   
It takes real guts to be this kind of person and he really is a true hero. 
I mean, I guess this is uplifting, but I'm still pretty depressed.
He's a hero indeed but I don't think this is uplifting this is just sad so sad...
somebody deleted their post, but I thought it was worth responding too.

*Just like nobody cares about the innocent people constantly killed in the Middle East by Western air/drone strikes. The sad reality is that if it doesn't happen in the West then people don't really give a damn. I truly feel for the people of France, I do, but the fact that the Paris attacks receive all the world wide media attention, while heroic stories like this barely make it to the front page of reddit is honestly quite disheartening.*



When terrible things happen over and over in the same place it turns down the volume for people. There is too much violence in the middle east, there is too much violence in africa, there is too much violence in poor inner cities here. But because the violence is more common there people stop noticing. It becomes someone else's problem. It shouldn't be that way but it is. 

You don't grieve the same for someone on the other side of the planet as you do for your loved ones. That's just human nature. The farther away someone is from your experience the less immediate is their suffering to you. If that wasn't true the human race would be paralyzed in fear and sadness every single day because there is suffering everywhere. More suffering than any one person could bear. 

Lebanese people suffer the same as anybody, and their pain is no less valid than a Parisian or a New Yorker or that inner city kid going to sleep hungry tonight. But you have to acknowledge that due to human nature a slaughter of innocents somewhere seen to be safe, somewhere not all that different than the bright safe place you live in will always seem more immediate than the same tragedy happening in a place where tragedies seem to happen over and over again.

I've seen firsthand the aftermath of car bombs set off in a marketplace, heard the wailing of parents over their dead sons. I know that people in the middle east mostly just want the same things we all want, to be safe, to be loved, to see their children happy. But when Paris is bombed it's simply easier to see myself in their place, to put myself in that crowded theater because the details of their everyday life are closer to the details of my own. I feel that way even though I know better than most that all pain is equivalent. I'm only human. So are we all, so don't be too hard on us.   

Time Magazine - don't forget this man for Person of the Year
He needs a statue. Like really, Lebanon or Beirut should build a statue of this fucker at the place it happened.

This is the type of shit that deserves to be remembered. True, undiluted heroism. 

Adel Termos, you glorious bastard. Sleep well. 
What a champ! Rest in peace. 
Just imagine the death count if he hadn't stepped in. A true hero.
This is how you get your 72 Virgins, not killing infidels
Very brave. I am a bit overly emotional because of the attacks last night. This made me cry.
What a beautiful person, RIP. 
Does anyone know how people would go about helping this man's family?
Fuck this. I really don't know whether you are Christian, Muslim or whatever. Just ... dunno. Do something for this guy. Pray, draw, sing.. whatever, maybe even make love. 

One of the rare and unique individuals ever inhabited this place. One in a billion.

They deserve some credit.
great quote

"Calling them martyrs is a sort of Lebanese way to not only dehumanize them, it's to sort of make ourselves feel better that, yeah, it's okay, they died, but they're martyrs which means they're in heaven and they're in a better place," he says. "But the fact of the matter is it's just sort of a label to make ourselves feel better, and maybe their families feel better because the label of 'victim' means there's a sort of accountability to the process." 
I heard from a local website in Lebanon that Adel was having his wedding anniversary and he and his wife were greatly in love  Adel was in the mosque praying a few minutes before he died. ISIS are not Muslims, they only pretend they are.
Takes true courage. Well done and rest in peace x
I don't find this very uplifting...I'm sad the guy had to die at all because of some fucking terrorist attack. I'm more pissed now, knowing a good man died.
As much as this is heroic, 'hundreds' of people is a massive overstatement. Suicide Bombings are notoriously inefficient killers. It probably would've saved around 5-10 people.

Still, massive balls.
This is more bitter sweet news
A true hero. 
In times like these it's refreshing to hear the names of heroes and heroines who took action in helping during these acts of terror as opposed to the ones causing it
It's depressing to read that he left his family behind, but in doing so, he allowed many more men and women to return to theirs. This kind of selflessness knows no bounds.
&gt;Adel Termos, a Beirut resident out with his young daughter

What the hell happened to his daughter? The news let this pass by as if it was nothing.
Gonna pour one out for this dude.
If there is a heaven, this guy gets to go there.
As a Lebanese citizen living in America, this really moves me. Also, its the first time I've seen my parents shed a tear. 
This man is a hero and the sad thing is I doubt this gets sufficient national attention, and it deserves it. He and his family deserve his story to be told. What an amazing act of heroism and altruism. So sad, so brave. 
Adel Termos.  I love putting a name to the hero.  That makes it so much more special to me, because he was a regular human with just as valuable of a life as each and every one of us here.  Thank you, Adel, and God bless you and your family!
The truest of heroes.
A real hero
RIP, you will be remember and hopefully stories like this goes world wide to bring more hope.
Not the hero we deserve, but the one one we need right now
Balls of steel. 
I don't think I have that courage 
This was a very brave man. Cheers to the true hero.
An actual martyr.
These people didn't die because of their religious belief. They weren't given the choice to denounce their religion or die. They were simply murdered. This doesn't make them martyrs. It makes them victims of terror. I don't know why calling them martyrs would make anyone feel better.  
I hope his daughter is okay.. but I can't imagine the pain she's feeling. Her dad died a hero, but he's still gone. 
Someone should start a kickstarter to help pay for his daughters education
whats his name?
Now THAT is an honourable death! 

Not these fucktards blowing themselves up for their fucking stupid-plagiarized-socially debilitating religion.
I heard way back on some new station around the time of a school shooting that people should not have to wake up with any thought of risking their own life to save many more. This guy is a true hero the type of person who wakes up ready to save lives even if it means his own. Adel Termos a true hero and most like lt deserved your life more than anyone you saved.
He has a seat next to Thor in Valhalla, with plenty of extra space made under the table for his giant swinging balls
We should write songs about people like this, so they can live forever with us.
This is the two-faced spirit of humanity.
Respect. 
I hope I have the balls if it's ever time to step up. This is the attitude that defeats terrorists. The absence of fear. Not just fearlessness. 
godbless his soul and his daughters soul. The last image his daughter saw was him being a hero. May everyone's souls lost yesterday be in peace. 
This is a very tragic story, but why the fuck does the writer think that mentioning refugees is the least bit appropriate?!
That is real, selfless heroism. Bless him and his daughter. His wife deserves some kind of financial support, if she needs it now.
The daughter is still alive, now being confirmed on news sources 
What an amazing act of love. His parents should be proud of raising such a selfless man.
If there is a heaven, this guy gets to go there.
U won't see that on the news 
Very interesting article. His bravery is something I might never have... But on an interesting note, don't u guys find it so biased that 1st world countries /developed /developing countries get all the media attention,  where as 3rd world countries, which obviously suffer so much more, receive so little attention. Im looking at u FB, pardon my rudeness, I just had to vent out my disappointment, how could, with full knowledge that 3rd world countries suffer way more than Paris, actually set up a campaign to pray for France. Wouldn't that mean that everyday, everyone will have to change their profile pics, because countries like Isreal,Afghanistan, Syria, suffer way more shit than them. Im really sorry if I sounded naive. I just had to express my opinion 
Should be a picture of the guy on the front page. 
U won't see that on the news 
Sadly that i don't see this on national news too. If this man didn't do something there would be more deaths than in Paris.
These moments of bravery are a testament of the good of humanity.
This is like a scenario u imagine in ur head with u being the hero but u think will never happen...
Such a brave man
Did I read correctly that he was there with his daughter? Did she survive?
Rest easy Adel. You've earned it. :(
Guy made a hero decision. No good byes or farewells, perplexing how human beings can be so crazy or courageous...
This is the guy who is going to get 71 virgins in heaven 
What a hero
Real life Angel! Family should be taken care off by the government now for his heroic actions. 
Absolute fucking hero. What a touching act of bravery and self-sacrifice. He could have stood and watched as hundreds died. If there Is a god, and a heaven, he better end up there!

If the time were to come, when such an act of selflessness would save so many.. I'm not sure I would possess this massive amount of bravery. 
Adel Termos was his name. 

o7
Another man who rescued so many families. Him and that school boy who did the same thing. Seriously, when are these terrorists going to stop and realize that their way is not viable? 
I hope his heroism outweighs the terror and the casualty of terror should not be the focus of the media but the ones responsible. I don't think terrorist are doing this because of their righteous beliefs but instead using it to justify the violence they inflict on humanity. 
Greater love has no one than this, that someone lay down his life for his friends. 
-John 15:13
this is so sad. his poor daughter. wtf is wrong with this world
I think that this is probably the best way to fight terror.  I think if the general public everywhere is constantly told that if they are involved in a terrorist attack, do not comply.  You will die.  The only option you have is to fight.  Maybe it will sink in, and if faced with being involved in a horrible incident like what happened in Beirut and Paris, more people will say "fuck this" and try to overcome the attacker.  If multiple people joined the hero fray, it would be harder for terrorists to accomplish their goals.  

I don't know.  Easy to say if it's not happening to me.  But if it was, and many people attacked, I think I would join, just because my lizard brain would kick in because of the fear, and activating fight mode instead of flight mode would appear to be the best route to survival.  
Even in so much dark the light finds its way through 
Sadly he won't get nearly the amount of recognition he deserves.
"The street is still divided by political and sectarian lines, but this time around the sense is that these are people, period," Fares says. "They're dead because of something they had absolutely no role in ... They died because of some demented, twisted politics."

*Twisted politics*
Where is the gofundme for this dudes family? I want to throw money at them.
What a hero, rest in peace.
There needs to be some sort of celebration regarding this man and what he stands for. A statue, an award for bravery and sacrifice named after him, something...
The real life Owen Meany
the very emotion that he felt when he jumped...Is the fuel for every heroic action ever.
May he rest in peace.
My four year old woke up this morning before me and turned on the tv. It was still on the news channel from last night. He woke me up and my husband was asking what happened. He had been on a crane all night and had no clue. I briefly told him and our 4 year old said he was scared that bad men hurt people. He thinks paris and everywhere else are all right by the US a and in our state. I told him something told to me years ago in scary situations always look for the good guy. There is always usually someone doing good even when its a lot of bad happening. This gentlemen is one of them. He is whose name we all should know..not the terrorists. I hate this for his loved ones and thank him for his very brave and selfless decision. He is the type my kids are taught to look for.
He had two kids as well :(
Russia, Beruit, France... Isis is trying to commit suicide by nations.
In Germany the suicide bombings haven't even been mentioned, but france is all over the news that's just sad
Bitter sweet really.
Sickening. 
Thank you.
Real life Superhero.
They are trying to get us to send the Syrian refugees home so they can continue subjugating them and advance their cause. This is a death throw not a violent charge.
The Paris of the middle east indeed :(
If only I could go down like this. 
This is a hero. May his name never be forgotten.
How is this uplifting though? A man died and another one tried to blow people up.
I read it as tickles 
A true hero.
No THAT is a martyr.  

Unbelievable amount of respect.
And this is how we loose the best people.
There will always be heroes no matter how much the world gets corrupted. Feeling proud of him.
Incredible man. RIP
R.I.P. a true hero.  
And might I add I hope to never be in a position like that but if I am I hope I can do it like he did.  
Not sure what would happen to be honest and hope to never find out.
The definition of hero, a word that gets watered down these days.
Wow. Absolute hero. Rest in peace. 
Wow... wow.
real life hero!
Love 1 Hate 0
Much respect to this man, that is heroism.
I wouldn't consider this uplifting news. Commendable , honorable, even admirable. But uplifting?  
Bless this man who called it as it is, not as the government or press says.
Peace.
“Sometimes when you sacrifice something precious, you're not really losing it. You're just passing it on to someone else.” 
Ah, the old Ben Carson. Works like a charm.
Even though we saw the worse of humanity yesterday, this man was a glimpse of hope through a valley of clouds 
I could only hope to become a man as selfless and brave as this guy is/was. A true hero. In every sense of the word. 
Not to start a controversy or take away from this man's good deed, but I recall Dr. Ben Carson saying something along these lines back in another shooting (October? I can't remember,) and people ridiculing him over not understanding how a hostage situation plays out. 
As sad as this tragedy is, sometimes i ask myself what is the sense of life and death? What happens when i die? Does it even matter to the world? In this particular case this brave guy did something through which he will live even after he died. Who knows how many people he saved and how many lifes will be born to life because he saved the parents. His life was not worthless and through his actions even someday ppl will not remember him, bec of him life was saved and probably born into this world. RIP

*since i am not good in english it might be difficult to understand what i mean/what i think. 

Thank you
Rest In Peace
"There's so many stories where some brave hero decides to give their life to save the day, and because of their sacrifice the good guys win, the survivors all cheer, and everybody lives happily ever after. But the hero... never gets to see that ending. ...They’ll never know if their sacrifice actually made a difference. They’ll never know if the day was really saved. In the end, they just have to have faith. ...Ain’t that a bitch?" - Church/Epsilon, RvB season 13.
This story reminds me of Aitzaz Hasan, The 15 year old who tackled a bomber killing them both.I hope his name gets to be remembered as well. It's heroes like them that truly saves the world.
Stupid article reported that his daughter died too. For a story that carries so much weight in light of recent events, a little fact-checking would be appreciated.
i hope i have the courage to do something that courageous when death stares me in the eyes
R.I.P Adel.
Real civilizations are built by real heroes who are willing to take a hit.  Emboldened by this heroism, Libyans might recruit a real police force to subdue the gangsters and thugs.  Ultimately, Libya may have a government that can subdue warlords and impose public will.

But these things take decades, even centuries, and it requires many heroes.
that ladies and gentlemen is a hero and if heaven is a place he deserves a first class ticket 
Hey Ben Carson take note. This is what true Heroism looks like. 
Why is it that we live in a world where the people who are good enough to sacrifice themselves for others actually have to? He will always be a hero in the eyes of his daughter but she'd much prefer to have her dad back.
http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/11/17/in-nations-with-significant-muslim-populations-much-disdain-for-isis/
Reddit only cares about Muslim barbarism on non-Muslims.
Not to be a jerk, but how did this prevent a bigger blast?
I can imagine him looking at his daughter, saying goodbye to her for the last time and then doing that heroic deed. I was also imagining that he probably died hoping that one day, the world his daughter would grow up in would be devoid of hate and violence. But then I learned that the daughter had died too. Let us remember these heroes. Hopefully, one day peace will really come so that those who died will not have their lives wasted for nothing.

EDIT: His daughter is still alive (as per one of the front page posts)!!! There is hope!!! 
'Man kills himself to prevent another man from achieving his dream' doesn't quite have the same ring. In all seriousness though, hero.
A former US Army Captain, Florent Groberg, was recently awarded a Medal of Honor for a similarly brave and selfless act. 
Can someone explain to me how tackling the guy saved lives? I'm sure it did, I just want a clearer picture of how. Did he see him coming from far away and intercept? Fid he deflect the blast?
I did not weep for Paris last night, though sickened and saddened  -  but I do weep for the sacrifice and heroism of this man.
The American soldier who received a Medal of Honor for doing the same thing will never end up on the front page.
not to be rude but how can one man stop the explosion from reaching others? I mean his body would suppress some of it, but were taking about c4 grade stuff, it destroys reinforced concrete. How did his tackling him save people?
Minnesota is also having free state park admission. 
Colorado, Minnesota, and California too
Arizona State Parks are also having free admission on friday.
People pay to go to parks? 
Southern Missouri is like 90% mark twain national forest and I've never paid for shit.
Colorado is doing this as well! Mesa Verde is amazing around where I live and it's free for Black Friday. 
1. work your ass off with little sleep and little enjoyment for months

2. spend all the money you earned on useless shit no one really needs or wants during a holiday where inlaws spend time hating on and sniping at each other

or

go to a park


ITT: dozens of people "TIL parks cost $$$"
It's for State parks, not just normal ones everywhere. They are doing the same in Colorado, but not many people go to state parks here since all the land is BLM anyways and is free. Now if it was free for national parks, that'd be cool. 
I believe this is true in California too
I wish they would do this in Texas
I bet this gives REI employees something to be excited about 
TIL state parks are having a black friday sale
Wait. What!? You have to pay to go to parks? Are these like Hyde/Richmond Park in London or more like a zoo? If it's the latter, I'd understand.

Ok, I get it now. Thanks for all the comments. It sounds a lot like a big park we have in England. But weirdly, you have to pay to *leave*. We call it Wales.
This is awesome, fortunately in the UK we don't have fees for our state national parks. But it would be really nice if The National Trust or National Heritage took note and tried this out! I'd love to go around a castle this weekend. 
Add Delaware state parks to this list too!
This sounds like a very great idea. Instead of rushing to the malls why not go out in nature[
Why do that when I can stand in line for 7 hours and trample other people to death for $50 off a tv?
I think this is a really nice gesture, but I have to say, I don't think I'd want to go and try to enjoy nature the same day as a bunch of other people taking advantage of free day. Usually I'm trying to go to state parks to avoid other humans. 
Colorado and California are doing that as well.  
"You pay for parks??!!"

Yes, you pay a small entry fee to visit a partially maintained wilderness. Roads are graded and trailheads marked using contributions from park visitors. Rangers are there to manage the ecosystem and provide for visitor safety. Entry fees contribute to their salaries.

Also, comments in this thread indicate that people don't visit state and national parks they have to pay to enter. Think how many irresponsible dicks aren't dropping in to foul up the solitude and natural beauty these parks have to offer because they'd rather have their fun elsewhere at someone else's expense.

TL;DR - entry fees keep the park nice and keep dickheads out.
While clicking through the pictures I got an ad for black friday.  Oh the irony.
This is awesome! It all started when REI launched its #optoutside campaign. It will be closed on Black Friday and they are paying all of their employees to go outside and enjoy the day. They are also encouraging everyone to avoid the hectic shopping of Black Friday. Hence state parks from around the US deciding to have free admission.
California is doing the same for the redwoods parks. 49 of them! I've been to most, all of them are worth it. 
California state parks too
Missouri parks usually don't charge but some do. I believe Johnson's shut ins charge for day use.
how much does parking cost out there? is that really an incentive to go to the national parks by not having to pay a few $$ for parking. 
Delaware parks are all free on Black Friday, too. 


If only I did not have to work
I read this as "parking fees" and for a moment I didn't want to live on this planet any more. 
Really? You have to pay to go to a park? 
It would be nice if they were to also waive the metro parking fees, but hey, glass is half-full.
Canadian checking in. 

Had no idea you guys had to pay to visit parks, and the whole idea of a fee to visit a park seems totally insane to me.

How expensive is a visit usually?
I got the northwest forest pass. Thanks anyway.  But I do encourage everyone else to check out the ape caves.
I feel like the type of people that participate in Black Friday would not be anywhere closed to enticed to skip Black Friday for a day in the park. Nice sentiment though.
Nah, I'd rather step on someone's neck for a TV six hours after pretending I'm thankful for something
So is Tennessee and a myriad of other states! Awesome.
yeah guys, lets make this about "MY FOREST IS BETTER THAN YOURS."
Is Leslie Knope responsible for this awesome Black Friday uplifting parks and rec gift?
Arizona too!
In CA, you can still get into the following parks for free on Friday:

North Coast Redwoods:


Admiral William Standley State Recreation Area

Benbow Lake State Recreation Area

Del Norte Coast Redwoods State Park

Fort Humboldt State Historic Park

Harry A. Merlo State Recreation Area

Humboldt Lagoons State Park

John B. Dewitt Redwoods State Natural Reserve

Richardson Grove State Park

Smithe Redwoods State Reserve

Sinkyone Wilderness State Park

Standish-Hickey State Recreation Area


Sonoma-Mendocino Coast:


Jug Handle State Reserve

Kruse Rhododendron State Natural Reserve

Mailliard Redwoods State Natural Reserve

Mendocino Woodlands State Park

Montgomery Woods State Reserve

Navarro River Redwoods State Park

Van Damme State Park

For everyone who's surprised that there are parks that cost money, these aren't typical parks. They're state parks, which are large areas of forest, sometimes with a nice waterfall (or multiple waterfalls). They're essentially mini national parks.
Ohhh mannnn! Oregon is one of the coolest places I have ever been to. I had the luxury of flying out there for work, and we visited Crater Lake one day. That place is insanely beautiful. If you haven't been, I suggest you go ASAP.
[deleted]
What is a park fee?
This is awesome
California is also doing this.
I think California is as well.
but, but... i already have an annual pass for both oregon and washington state parks.  do i get a free gift from one of the gift shops??
What if this becomes the new thanksgiving tradition. How fun.
Now if it was free for Black Friday.
This sounds like something from r/crazyideas.
Delaware as well!!
Cascadia STRONK!
What is on sale at the parks on Black Friday ?
As a government contractor in Seattle, I'd love to, but I don't have Friday off.
Sucks it's on Black Friday. Obviously I'll be too busy shopping.
Park fees lol. Left coast at work. 
People pay to go to parks? Southern Missouri is like 90% mark twain national forest and I've never paid for shit.
Oh yeah, I really want to go to a park to get away from ppl on a free day when everyone and their mom will show up. No thanks, crowds can have it for a day.
Make it a Green Friday :)
Every state should do this.
:) Park employees were successful in getting Black Friday off.
Colorado also http://www.thedenverchannel.com/money/debbies-deals/debbies-deals-the-best-black-friday-deal-free-admission-to-colorado-state-parks
That's nice unless you work in retail.
I think quite a few states are doing that. I know Delaware is, and I've seen other peeps on here mentioning other states that aren't Oregon and Washington. 
On the other hand, I get the feeling that some people who might benefit from this will get to a park, see the Black Friday equivalent crowds of people there, and never go again because the parks are too crowded. Similar to the European Long Night of Museums where yeah, you get there for free (and at night, so that's cool), but there's also like hundred times more people there than usual. Good for sampling, bad for enjoyment.
TIL you need to pay to get into a park in the U.S.
I read "parking fees" and got really excited.
parks should be fucking free anyway!
Oregon just removed wolves from their Endangered species list so while free park admission is great, the state's Fish and Wildlife service is not. Opting for the needs and desires of hunters rather than a keystone species. http://www.alternet.org/environment/oregon-wolves-lose-endangered-species-protections
All of Humboldt Redwoods State and National Parks are free in Northern California thanks to Save the Redwoods League. They do ask that you print up this [ticket](http://www.savetheredwoods.org/get-involved/visit/redwood-parks-pass/)
My local park district - East Bay Regional Park District; is also waiving all fees.
you have to pay to go to a national park in the US?
But then how will we have time to flood Bestbuy and trample people while in pursuit of a 40%-marked-down flat screen?
You pay to in to a park? Heard it all now! 
All state and national parks are free for me (broken veteran), BUT the family is all excited about hike day, so therefore we hike day.
Now I know where everyone from REI are going
Same with California
It's gonna be freezing who goes outside
The fees are what keep me out of the parks in WI. I like to bike and some of the fees for biking are ridiculous.
I like this concept. It seems other states are doing it also. I know people like getting $100 TVs but the whole black Friday thing is pretty embarrassing. Waiting in line overnight for a laptop is pretty ridiculous. Enjoy your family dinner and maybe some time outdoors. That's what I feel Thanksgiving should be about. 
You forgot the end of the quote:

"Take a break, get out, and enjoy some fresh air... you fucking savages."
California on board as well! I approve of this 'trend' over black Friday 100x.
Thanks, Leslie!
And to take advantage of this tremendous deal 10 people were trampled to death on the hiking trails when they opened
Awesome.
Brought to you by REI.
well that would be great if I wasnt working :(
This is a great idea! REI is also helping. They're closing all brick and mortar stores to let their employees go outside on black Friday. Using the #optoutside
Go hike everyone!
Everybody there is getting gift cards to the weed shop anyway. 
I read this as "waiving *parking* fees".  Totally thought to myself "wow, that is a really dumb idea considering how much they could make off of all the shoppers"
Never seen so many people get boners over not having to spend 5$
Do people have to PAY to enter state parks? I don't think I've paid to use an Illinois park in my life. 
Awesome! Crater lake here I come.
Best Black Friday deal this year!
Like the ones lining up at Black Friday cares about parks...
Ohio state parks are always free! 
Delaware as well!!
The more noteworthy thing is that they have fucking park fees. Do you mean to tell me they charge people to enjoy nature?
I think this is a great idea but it should be free at all times.  I, like so many others, remember going out in the wilderness with my family as a young kid camping/exploring/you name it and we didn't pay a dime.  Our government is so screwed up in how it distributes/abuses funds that we are in this predicament.  If we didn't have so many crooks in government, there would be plenty to fund everything it takes to keep the parks open.  Going out in the woods is what keeps people sane, in my humble opinion and everyone should enjoy it.
Arizona is as well, but only if you pick up a free pass from REI
That's cool, but it sure is cold as hell out there.
I wish this would extend through the weekend.. This is awesome.
Title confused me a lot.  Only when I went to read did I understand
Get rained on.
Perfect timing. We're getting 55 degree weather all week/weekend and clear skies!!!!!
I'm pretty sure the park fees cover yearlong maintenance on these trails and hikes. If you've even been hiking out here in the PNW, you'll know what I mean.
I was waiting this for a long time, black Friday discount, i am coming to get most of you on 27th Nov
You have to pay to go to state parks ? Damn....
Genius! 
I heard in Oregon there is 0% tax on electronics.
Now that's a deal worth getting up for. 
Why are there fees to begin with, I mean we pay taxes for these parks, and we have to pay if we actually want to frequent them? 
Texas is full of crap and is not. Boo.
Boo the state park employees need to be home with their families. If it's good enough for one phrase it's good enough for everybody.
I'm pretty sure... that most states do this.  EVERY YEAR!
Wait it costs money to visit a park? 
"fresh air"
Lol, land of the free and it (usually) costs money to visit parks.
I'm sorry but there is way too much apologizing going on in this thread. These fees are growing and spreading to more and more parks and it is wrong. These are public lands that belong to all of us. They were created and are maintained with our tax dollars. The shift towards collecting revenue from visitors is sickening to me. All the people from Canada and Europe who are baffled by the idea of charing people "park fees" to enjoy public parks, are 100% correct.
Fuck that I'm going to the mall
It fucking annoys me that the U.S. get a bad name when they have such great ideas as this! 
I'm so confused that you have to pay to go to the park, why is that even a thing?
You have to pay to go to a park in the States?!
You guys have to pay admission to your state parks?!?
Just don't visit the park that contains a town that is currently being destroyed by a chaotic floating triangle. 👁
Fixed.
"Take a break, get out, and enjoy some COLD fresh air".
It's currently in the 40s right now in WA/OR.
As a Glorius Yuropean, I have to say it does seem weird to have fees to enter a park.

We've had 'Black Friday' introduced here in the UK in the last few years, it's a bit dismaying.

Basically I sound like a true British prude in this post.
Oh look another reason we're the best state in the country.
Here in Arizona as well
Wouldn't it be weird if so many people went that they trampled each other to death trying to get into the park.
State Parks, that your taxes paid for, should be free to begin with. 
Thanks for doing us the favor of not charging us to visit something that naturally exists in the states and country we pay taxes in for one day. 
The depressing news here is that something like a park fee exists....
Can't wait to get out and hike Wallace Falls this Friday. Really looking forward to doing that with the nice cold air.
Fuck I want to live in Oregon!
Minnesota too, you just can't get high. 
I thought it said 'parking fees' :(
As a Discover Pass holder in Washington, will I be receiving a refund of 8.2¢ for the day I paid for without having to?
About the only downside to this is that parking can be hellish depending on where you go, much like actually trying to shop on black Friday. 
Arizona State Parks are also having free admission on friday.
Does this cover national parks? I wanted to make a quick trip to Crater Lake, but don't really want to pay $15.
South Central Washington here. Fuck going outside right now.
Too bad I have work
&gt;"Fuck it, no one's going to come to the park anyway. Might as well get some free publicity."
Arizona as well.
What doorbusters are these "parks" offering?  
Here is a novel thought. How about NO park fees EVER, so we can use the land our taxes bought whenever we want to. Maybe that might cure some of the obesity problems.
Why do you have to pay to get into a public park? 
If retail stores closed for that one day and all parks/national wildlife conservation areas did this on black Friday... There would be less of the stench of consumerism and materialism amidst everything else. 
Call me when they remove the fees during the summer. 
Save 10 dollars on parking or 200 on a tv? hmm... jk I hate black Friday
Massachusetts too
i fucking hate black friday. it was okay when it was like stores opened at 5 on friday. but then they had to open at 3, then midnight, now they open on thanksgiving, and black friday sales start on saturday the week prior for some places. This makes me happy to see them promote doing something healthy and not involving trampling people to save an extra $100 on a TV
You have to pay to visit a park? 
I can't believe you people have to pay to use your nature.
Just a reminder for Natives, Parks are free all year round for Natives.
 Should also be able to volunteer time cleaning, etc for free admission on a regular basis. Cuts costs and gets people feeling involved in keeping Mother Earth in a bit better condition. Simple steps effect great changes.
Great idea.  I love these states.  So beautiful.  
There will be bears taking donations, however.
Scumbag Washington and Oregon. Now park rangers won't be able to be home with their families for the holidays!
I hope the Nor Cal state park I work for is doing this (left for the school break so I don't personally know) but with the off season as it is and hardly any staff there, almost every day is free.
Lol no one's going to the park in Oregon that day. It was 42 degrees at mid-day today.  
It's bullshit that we have to pay fees for state parks to begin with given that WA has the most regressive tax structure in the nation.
We have taxes. Can't parks just be free?
I appreciate them dropping the price for black friday... but why wouldn't they do this randomly through out the year?
Park fees? You mean you have to pay to go in your own countrys nature? What the hell?
Free parks every day for Alaska
TIL state parks are having a black friday sale
All that weed money is having an effect:)
What the fuck, you have to pay to visit state parks? We've got the "all man's rights" in Sweden, you're allowed to walk anywhere outside of the immediate vicinity of houses. All woods are permanently open... You're even allowed to camp.
As a Norwegian, this is a really strange. You actually have to pay fees to go into nature?
til: people out west have to pay to use a park
You need to pay to enter a park ?!!!
[Sierra Leone right now](http://i.imgur.com/PsYrZTn.gif)
Remember when we were all going to die from ebola...good time right?
Makes me grateful that I was raised in 1st world country. Ebola scares the shit out of me. 
Read it as Sunny Leone, confusing as fuck.
New slogan for their department of tourism. 
[deleted]
Ebola continues to live / remain in the eyes, spine, and reproductive organs.  You might be able to say there are no current active infections in Sierra Leone, but it's certainly not 'ebola free'

[This will only last as long as people are willing to use condoms.](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/cdc-urges-against-unprotected-sex-with-ebola-survivors-10223834.html)
God I feel so ignorant,I thought Sierra Leone was some high fashion jewelry shop or something because I heard 2 songs referencing diamonds from Sierra Leone 
Awesome news! So good to hear things are looking up for them in this regard.
This is such awesome news. I have family from there (now in US), and this makes me so happy.
As a Peace Corps Volunteer who was evacuated from Sierra Leone mid-service, this is a day of great rejoicing. Rumor is PCVs will be returning shortly.

Ebola ruined my service because of a combination of America's two greatest downfalls: fearmongering and excessive liability. 

[Happy Dancing](https://www.facebook.com/SMACSL/videos/1653143481601180/)
I purchased about $3500 or so of a company called Alpha Pro Tech about 6 years ago I believe.  I think the stock was around $1.65 when I bought it.  I looked at the company history and the stock went up big around 2009 when the Avian bird flu was a big deal in the news.  Alpha Pro Tech(APT), mostly makes building insulation material, construction protection materials, and medical items like face shields, face masks, hazard suits and other infection prevention items.  I held onto APT not paying much attention to the stock until the recent Ebola outbreak.  APT and other similar companies stock started skyrocketing.  APT went from around $2 to $10 in something like a two week time.  I sold around $8 or so.   

Wasn't planning on it, and it sounds terrible, but I made money because of Ebola.
"Who officially declared it Ebola free"?

     Yes

Who does? 
I heard a bit about this on NPR last night. 

Apparently the biggest scare is still their border with Guinea which has ~ 10,000 people cross over it every week. Lets keep our fingers crossed
Don't cry victory just yet. Ebola always comes back...
/r/ebolahoax will be so disappointed
great, now my move there can go ahead as planned
This is awesome!  I work at a non-profit that sends out medical supplies, and I remember we sent a container of masks/caps/gowns/sterilization supplies/etc. out to a hospital in Sierra Leone this past summer.  Good to know it helped in stopping the spread :)
Wow. That *is* uplifting news! Thanks OP!

Next up: Guinea!
Another triumphant victory delivered by none other than THE United States of America. Where would these countries be without us? One thing is for sure. Wherever that is, it ain't pleasant. God bless America.
The health workers who went to fight ebola are true heroes. True fucking heroes.
yay, we did it reddit!... yay...
Is it me, or does the man in the thumbnail looks older than 23? 
[I hear this every time I see Sierra Leone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3yPyc5ZdNs)
...until February when it's popular to talk about rampant disease and sickness.
I feel like next week there will be a news story about how a new case of Ebola has been discovered, spread through ear wax. 
"Cure reached 100%, your disease will soon be eradicated. Thank you for playing Plague INC." 
Seeing as the virus can survive for about 9 months i dont think this is the last we have seen if it en sierra leone. 
Congrats to them must be nice
So we didn't all die as the media projected
Wait till they play Hearthstone.
ELI5: If it keeps coming back, then does "Ebola free" mean anything at all?
But if we make it an Ebola Free Zone, only the law-abiding ebola carriers will stay away from it!
Great news!

It's crazy how much has changed since the outbreak began and everyone thought the world was going to end. 
Yeah I'd hate to have to pay for it... whew!
ayyyy
That's good! How much did it cost beforehand?
What's Ebola, is that like swine flu?
How can a porn star get Ebola anyway?
Good, now he can make some more spaghetti westerns.
*What's Ebola?*
This is a great new for this country, congrats!
Didnt they recently discover that ebola can be transmitted via sex and that it lies dorment within mens sperm?
Wow I am really tired. I read the title as "Shia LaBeouf has been officially declared dead from ebola"
**she was great in Jurassic Park III**
What countries are left still have Ebola. Are they doin a good job getting rid of it. Anybody have any info
Remember all those people who thought it was going to be a pandemic. Shows them. 
https://youtu.be/hiSsrEg3tks
"Who officially declared it Ebola free"?

     Yes

Still would be in a hazmat suit tho.
Excellent news. So close to finally getting on top of this thing. This time last year, it looked like it would be a very, very different picture.
WELCOME TO THE CLUB SIERRA LEONE LETS PARTY!

edit: Im American
Yay!
Is anyone really going to take a Rock band from the 60s word on it? 
The prayers worked!
EBOLA don't touch your friends 
FunForLouis had a vlog where he went there and he showed all the precautions they took
It's still in the jizz!
YAY!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a great new for this country, congrats!
Now, what to do about the aids and the malaria?  
At a glance I saw "Shia LaBeouf has been declared officially Ebola-Free"
"You can't just say that, Sierra Leone..."

"I didn't say it. I declared it."
I know I'm going to hell for this but...we need a psbattle on this thumbnail 
Wait what? BUT BUT BUT OBAMA WAS BRINGING EBOLA TO AMERICA SO THAT HE COULD DECLARE MARTIAL LAW!

Better add an /s, just to be sure.
Good for her!
This is fantastic! But I feel this weird empty feeling because I didn't do a single thing to contribute to the success :(
I read the title and thought, how did she ebola on the first place? Was it during shooting a scene? And then I realized it's about a country not the pornstar, Sunny Leone. 
That's just what the ebola WANTS us to think. WE'RE PLAYING RIGHT INTO THEIR HAND.
You're supposed to pop the cure bubbles, not let them go.
The health workers who went to fight ebola are true heroes. True fucking heroes.
Gotta say, the WHO really learnt from the SARS thing and now has this stuff down!

Really makes me feel safer about the future.
YES
Remember when ebola was the scariest thing ever and we were all going to die? Pepperidge Farm remembers. Goes to show not to panic when the media freaks out about stuff.  
ELI5: Where did Ebola really come from? 

Rules: Can't cite news or Wikipedia. 
Surely they were smoked.
I thought this said "Snoop Dogg hangs out with 1,500 turkeys" and my first thought was "Good on him."
http://imgur.com/tWos0cw
Snoop: *How can i give back to community?*

Audience: *Give us Turkeys!*
Philanthropizzle
As God as my witness, I thought turkeys could fly.
Fox news: Snoop Dogg murders 1500 turkeys
Mistah Fab is holding his 10th Annual Thanksgiving Turkey Giveaway and he gets no coverage. 

http://hiphopdx.com/news/id.31468/title.mistah-f-a-b-announces-7th-annual-turkey-giveaway
Isn't that Snoop Lion?
I believe Lil Wayne and Big Sean do this every year too.
Honest to god, Snoop Dogg has a special place in my heart.
For 50 cents apiece 
u/here_comes_the_king
Snoop $tamps
glaze it, 420°
He's Nino Brown, now?
That's pretty bad ass. Donating food is pretty solid choice.
Please tell me he did not drop them from a helicopter.
These names man we got snoop dogg james butts and whatever the hell snoop doggs real name is
Unfortunately, they were all dead on arrival.
Were they Jive turkeys?
He's a Klingon in the thumbnail.
I don't think I've heard of him doing a single shitty thing (at least in recent history). 

Dude would probably be one of the most fun people to chill with in the world. 
So American Gangster
Hats off to the dank, weed-blazing gangsta himself
If young Snoop could see the way old Snoop dresses, I think he'd kick his ass.
My family bought, packed and delivered 350 boxes of thanksgiving meals for the salvation army today. We do it every year. Hell, we even have shirts. My relative that runs it, used to be the CFO of a well known weapons manufacturer. Now he spends his time giving his wealth away to his family and the community. Reading this brought a smile to my face.
Fawh thanksgivle mah nizzle.
Stuffed with leafs.
[Relevant](http://www.eater.com/2015/11/21/9775514/weed-turkey-rub-recipe-thanksgiving)
Considering the price of turkey this year is at an all time high, that's a decent donation and very good of him.  I enjoy seeing folks give back to the community like this. 
Inglewood, always up to no good
"Turkey can never beat cow" - *Ron Swanson*
/r/thatsgangsta
Guys...Snoop is wearin a bow tie while sportin the most genuine smile I've seen in a while.  I'm happy inside.
I read this as Snoop Dogg hands out $1,500 turkeys.....
They all voted for Mr. Butts to be mayor just so they could say 'Mayor Butts'.
His AMA where he asks himself a question then goes ahead to answer it is one of my favourite things about him. 
Snoop Turkeyy?
Respect Dogg! One Love. 
Wouldn't be the first turkey he's released to the public.
Does anyone *not* love Snoop Dogg? ♡ (Besides those turkeys, that is.)
How come you never see his wife doing this stuff with him?
But how can that be?  He smokes marijuana, therefore he is a horrible criminal.  My mind doesn't understand.
Gives away 1,500 Turkeys but can garuntee has still seen more breasts.
Some school kid got killed in a drive by on a birthday party a couple towns over, a couple years ago. Snoop payed for the funeral.
gobble gobble motherfuckers
Mayor Butts
It's really only safe to keep a turkey in the fridge for a max of two days; hopefully they told people to throw them in the freezer 
inb4 *New Jack City* quotes
Even the gizzard for rizzard.
Snoop a LOOP
I'm probably really sleep deprived, but that thumbnail looked like a predator in a sweater vest to me.
The Snoop Dogg and Melinda Gates Foundation
Would have been funnier if it had been geese, a goose is another word for blunt here.
There's probably about 1,500 families in LA that is sitting around, eating funyuns and laughing at sneezes now...
Isn't this what chalky did in boardwalk empire?
Snoop thinks he's bumpy johnson!
Snoop Dog probably left some of his stashed weed in one of those 
Thats a very loosefitting shirt.
Snoop "Frank Lucas" Dogg.
He also gave 1,500 Los Angeles to families in Turkey.
Living up to his reddit username
Legend
I'm so fucking happy that they called him and American, and not an African American. 
JAAAAAAAAAAAAMES BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTS
So did he force the residents to go cold turkey?

Seems kind of ironic ..
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3tretv?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[WKRP "As God as my witness, I thought turkeys could fly" Thanksgiving](https://youtube.com/watch?v=lf3mgmEdfwg)|[16](https://reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/3tretv/_/cx8sfzo?context=10#cx8sfzo) - A source to this quote 
[Carol Burnett Show outtakes - Tim Conway's Elephant Story](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3qqE_WmagjY)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/3tretv/_/cx8ygiu?context=10#cx8ygiu) - That and Tim Conway&amp;#39;s elephant bit are the 2 funniest scenes on tv.   
[Wiggle whistle test](https://youtube.com/watch?v=fThgY0n6J1g)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/3tretv/_/cx8uwhw?context=10#cx8uwhw) - What you gonna do with that big, fat bird? whistle gobble gobble gobble  
[TURKEY DUBSTEP](https://youtube.com/watch?v=WIv-qsH40m0&amp;t=5s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/3tretv/_/cx8w83y?context=10#cx8w83y) - gobble gobble 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Just like Bumpy used to do.
turkey murderer! 
Pookie got the first one.
I love snoop but this is all I can think of when I read this 
http://on.cc.com/QD60OE  starts at 2:55
Is anyone else thinking of the scene jn american gangster where Denzel Washington does this exact thing?
SNAP can pay for a turkey.....
1,500 turkeys? Geeze, that's like $300,000 in turkeys. Go Snoop! 
I like to think this was just Snoop going up to 1,500 people, lunging at them, and shouting, "*TURKEY!*"
Good guy Snoop, sometimes it's the nice little comforts of life that really matter. Turkey :)
That's awesome to hear! 
The dogfather...
gotta love snoop the real answer to giving back would been stuffing the turkey with green
He looks more and more like Worf every day. 
Should of passed out turdunkins...
Snoop dogg to snoop lion, can we see snoop turkey in the future? 
That is really cool for those people. I wish I could afford a turkey, or even a turkey breast this year, but they are just too expensive. Right now, I have to live on about $25 of groceries per week. But at least I got a good deal on sweet potatoes at Wal-Mart for $0.39/lb. Not too bad.
jive turkey
Just like the Frank Lucas character in "American Gangster"
Well that's good and all.. But what did Snoop Lion do? 
Who does he think he is? Frank Lucas!?
Snoop blazed those turkeys personally before handing them out.
i love this guy. seriously what a great person. grew up in some pretty rough conditions, works hard to get himself out the ghetto, makes millions, goes back to the ghetto to help everyone that can't get out.  such a good man. Snoop, if you reading this, i can assure you i've got herb that would bring a smile even to your face. please let me smoke you out.
snoop love the kids
from death row to skid row
i love how snoop dogg when from OG gangster to a funny goodhearted grandpa
Am I the only one who thinks Snoop looks like a klingon in that thumbnail?
"Turkey can never beat cow" - *Ron Swanson*
It's sad really, 1st world countries and we still need handouts.
Ladainian Tomlinson has been giving out over 2,000 full thanksgiving dinners for many years. All the grocery supplies to cook a meal for the whole family. Turkey included. 
I'm sure the recipients would have prefered 420 instead,I'm just sayin
With Fo shizzle my nizzleberry Dressing ?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eq1oJJ9M784
I saw the thumbnail and read the title as *"Snoop Dogg" hands out 1,5000 turkeys...*


Not good enough
He could give more to the community if he stopped glorifying life choices that keep a brotha down


Edit : plenty of downvotes to classify this as *controversial* but zero replies explaining why I'm wrong 
[deleted]
/u/here_comes_the_king was also in a recent Old Navy commercial
Maaaan, Snoop Lion!!
&gt;sell drugs

&gt;kill someone

&gt;actually pimp women

&gt;give away turkeys and everything is okay
Not that it's a bad thing, but let's put that into perspective.  Snoop Dog has a net worth of $135,000,000.00.  He gave approximately $15,000.00 in Turkeys away.  (1500 x $20.00 assumed.) That means that he gave .0001 percent of his wealth away.  (yes, I know he gives more than this in other ways... just an example to make you feel good about yourself.)

Let's say you are worth $60,000.00.  You'd only have to give away something worth $6.00 to match Snoop.  I bet you all have given more than that, but I think, in his honor, we should all match him.  You can give an entire turkey, 1 turkey to someone at $20.00 and triple his commitment!  

Happy T day. 
That's awesome!
Is he lion or dogg? Or some other animal altogether? I'm not keeping track. 
Snoop Dogg: How can i give back to the community?

Community: Turkeys. *1,500 Turkeys.*
I live in LA, I e been paid to be on TV a few times. I would never call myself an actor ... Let's keep it what it is; Snoop is a rapper.
This almost makes up for him doing an   Old Navy commercial.
The UK rapper Nines also did this, and he bought trainers (sneakers) for all the kids on his estate
Happy Thanksgizzle, neffew
I fuckin love Snoop Dogg hes such a great guy.
Any vegans complain yet?
Not doing murders or being a really sexist fuckwad would be better ways of snoop helying 'the community'.
Isn't he Snoop Lion now? I'm confused. But this is pretty awesome!
He's doing a good deed, but at the same time he could just be marketing his brand of weed
So Snoop's being referred to as a "rapper AND actor" now? Well, ok..
1,500 turkeys. Let's say $10 a bird. That's $15,000 out of his own pocket going directly to people in need and not some administrator of a registered charity making $50k a year. 

Edit: Unless he's literally just handing them out and the city is paying for it. That would be kinda shit.
You cannot give back something you didn't take. His talents weren't given to him. He owes no one anything. He is being generous.
For some reason I read that as turtles and was thinking WTF I guess he really wants people to have turtles.
Guy with $135 million dollar net worth donates roughly $700 to charity and people act like he's done something notworthy.

What a joke.

That's like me dropping my loose change in the collection tin at mcdonalds.
Your damn straight he did. Nina Brownin in this MFR. 
I'm not sure how much a turkey cost in the US, but if Snoop and the rest of the west coast rappers had gotten together they could have afforded more than 1500. 

Snoop and friends hands out 100000 turkeys...now that would be nice.
is it just me, or does this seam to be the type of gesture that shouldn't be publicized and probably not even noticed.   lets see, 1500 x 30$  = $45,000.  

for all he has taught our children about crip walking, carrying a gat, and disrespecting women i think he owes a little more back to society.  just my opinion but snoop is not a guy i want to celebrate.  
"Mr. Butts said" Pfffffft
Mr Butts
Ah the ol' Snoop Dogg [Turkeyroo!](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3tn4jq/right_now_at_this_very_moment_as_you_read_this/cx7qcag?context=5)
ganja ?
mah niggga
"I'm handin' out turkeys like Nino Brown baby."
Nino Brown baby
CMB!!!
Isn't he a Lion?
I wonder what is the real reason for that...
Calling Snoop an actor is a stretch.
I"m guessing they were smoked turkeys.


Were they frozen turkeys or cook?  If frozen, now they have to figure out a way to cook them.  Families who take turkeys as charity usually don't have easy access to an oven.
Nice tax deduction...
With so much drama in the LBC, it's kind hard bastin' snoops handout t u r key
he handin' out turkeys like Neno Brown baby
Yeah. Giving away a $20 turkey. What a way to change lives!
Good for him. His music is horrendous but I'd totally have a beer with him
He could afford to give more than 1500
Not really thought-out considering 1,500 turkeys died.
By not making money, singing songs that say "And if a n***** get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot". 

Am I truly that cynical to think that this is an attempt at a bribe. Can we look inside the turkeys? 
He asks how he can help out and he volunteers to help hand out turkeys in the 11th annual giveaway.   Turkeys that were paid by others. He didn't do anything exceptional. Nothing "uplifting". The people paying for the turkeys and organizing the give away did.  
Not to belittle his gift, and I'm sure everyone who benefited was very appreciative too; but I wish celebrities would instead use their star power to bring employment to the region. Of course, a turkey (or any such gift) brings a quick hit of joy; but in the long term, these communities could really use jobs.
snoop killed 1500 animals. what a scumbag.
"Next year you can giveaway Bentleys"

Snoop Dogg: o.k.
So it says here that you've been interviewed at McDonalds 10 times in the past month, is that correct?
Do they get a free back from the interview?
As someone with limited access to a vehicle, a vet, and also interviewing for jobs, this is great news. Never used Lyft or Uber before, but I would consider it now.
/uberuplyftingnews!
"Hello, I need a free ride to my job interview, thank you. I left my Veteran card in my other pants."

"Sure thing, but who's interviewing people at 11 o'clock at night?"

"It's for a night manager. *hiccup*"

"Um, sir, are you drunk?"

"It relaxes me for the tough questions."
I thought that was the government's job to take care of the veterans.
I think this is awesome, but I have a question. When uber offers free/discounted rides like this to first time users or veterans etc. does the driver get shafted?  The way I understand it is that the revenue for each ride is divided between corporate and the driver. Does corporate kick some money back to the driver when they offer free rides like this?
As an Uber driver, IDGAF as long as I receive the same fare. If they pay me less though, I'd just cancel it. 
The cool part to me is that they are both doing it - makes it seem like less of a PR move and more of a genuine act.
Weird, most of my job interviews happen at 2:30am and take me to the same suburban address.
FIRST TIME USERS ONLY! 
"I fought in the hunger games, please take me to my interview at taco bell."

"I'm just your driver but maybe you should put a shirt on sir."
Only USA veterans? :(
Why don't they offer it to all homeless an not just vets? Unless this is just purely for marketing and they have no intention of actually helping with the employment gap.  
Why specifically veterans?
This idea of veterans needing help to pay for rides contrasts the message conveyed by military recruitment advertisements which suggest a bright and prosperous future for those who enlist. 
How about free rides to Uber and Lyft drivers to job interviews because they can't earn a living wage (or sometimes minimum wage) because Uber and Lyft fuck their workers 
"I have an interview at the Football Stadium, but first I have an interview at Buffalo Wild Wings. After my interview they are giving me a ton of free wings so I'll have those as well...might help with my interview at the stadium."
That sounds so convoluted that it's really nothing more than marketing. 
Every time Uber has offered free rides for anything, it's turned out to be for new customers only.
Nice social marketing there.
Why do veterans need such coddling when they leave the military?
"only vets need jobs"  

How about Uber and Lyft offer free ride to the VA for veterans?
I need a lift to Colorado from Texas please
I wonder if they could do something like this for the homeless population?
There should be some place to live that is as easy as a young soldier a place you can have a bunk and a foot locker.

Your VA ID opens the door to the place.
Can one Veteran just mention how annoying the Lyft ad is on Mobile and of course, thank you for your service 
They'd do better to dissuade people from volunteering in the first place to get paid for a giant war and killing machine justified by lies, only to end up in a desperate state of existence.  The state of veterans is tragic, but they'd have avoided it by heeding a universal natural law: Thou shalt not kill.  Let's stop incentivizing offensive war and those who participate in it.  The first line of resistance is the individual.  Don't let you kids or friends join the military.
Every time Uber has offered free rides for anything, it's turned out to be for new customers only.
Why is it never the corporations that actually profit handsomely from war that do this kind of thing for veterans? 
how about offering rides to job interview veterans?
It would be amazing if vision impaired people could get a couple of free rides per month.  I'd gladly pay a surcharge every time I use UBER to make this happen.
I love a good thing, but does it offer a way for people to get the rides without smart phones? I'm going to assume that most jobless veterans do not have a smart phone and data plan to order said free ride.
This is good to hear. My best friend since the age of 10 (were both 30) has had issues since he got out of the Marine Corpse. A few months ago he was having trouble (lost job, car impounded, eviction notice to name a few) and he put a bullet through his head. through divine intervention or something, he survived. After his hospital stay he moved back to our hometown where hes been staying with my girlfriend and I since August. For the last couple months he's been forced to use Houston metro to get around to doctors appointments and job interviews saying the the bus alone is very stressful method of transportation right before a big interview. i'm gonna send him a link to this article and hopefully it could brighten his day and give him a sense of relief.
Easier said than done.
Do they do this in Britain? 
"Hello, cab driver (drunkenly salutes driver). Please scuttle me about to these 10 drinking establishments.   I wish to apply for drink making positions.  Then drive me to Jack in the Box for I wish to apply for the cashier position.  Then finally, drive me to my home because I have a few phone interviews." (drunkenly ends salute to driver)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UC9pc4U40sI
Great idea!
nice to hear
Yeah, I got a real big job interview down at O'Malleys
more concessions for those who sign the dotted line

This sounds like a win, but there's a scary undertone to this kind of plan. Companies other than those whose rides are free will be unable to compete.
But...aren't most businesses closed on Veterans Day aka veterans would not have job interviews on this day?
&lt;3 Free market 
Are they paying their drivers  ? Or are they expecting the drivers to work for free ?
God damn it, there the market goes again, showing up government in every possible way.

The market is simply to good at what it does. We need to regulate them before people catch on and decide government is a scam!
Every time Uber has offered free rides for anything, it's turned out to be for new customers only.
Synergy

Cheap PR move on their part to hide the fact that every single Uber and Lyft driver in the US(not sure how it works in Euope) is breaking the law and is legally uninsurable.
And the welfare circle jerk of veterans continues...
They should offer free rides to seniors on election day.
offer it to everyone
Funny, my brother is a veteran and he's supposed to be starting with Lyft later this month. 
[deleted]
I'm a veteran and I'm applying to a job at that bar.  Come back to pick me up at 2, and make some room cause I could be bringing back a colleague with me.
Uber smart,Uber be loyal. I appreciate that.
Maybe if they paid tax instead of providing freebies, we could have a better base to take care of veteran's affairs.

In Australia the loss of taxi revenue to government will be in the order of 200m AUD simply by the GST/VAT paid on the trips. Not including license fees. Not including the company tax offsets Uber and their like claim. 

I'm hugely pro free-market. But I'm also hugely against gaming the system. 

Most recently we had an ACCC (anti competition watchdog) deny an application by 5 legal taxi companies to run an app similar to uber under the condition that the 5 entities make up about 80% of total cabs in Australia and therefore create an unfair playing field for the 20% of cabs not within their bounds. 

Isn't that the whole point?
This is great, but I just cannot conceive how the United States as a society has failed to provide basic services for veterans such that giving them free services to help them find a job or recover from injury is a thing that exists.  

I know of no other country where this happens. 
These companies are doing a great job of being on the right side of public opinion, really helps their case and puts them a step ahead of their taxi competitors. 
This is awesome
I'm a veteran too! A veteran from college....
Great idea!
Great! Do they get a phone with data connection too? Or is it just benefitting vets that can affort such things?
This is sweet and all but, do you have to call him out for being lonely? Poor guy is going to check himself out in the paper and find out everyone was pitying him. 
Wow, since 2013, that would make him 91 when he started going.
they didn't have to put 'lonely widower' in the title
93 years old. Goes to McDonald's almost every day. Something doesn't add up here...
My great-grandmother used to go to Wendys every single day for years and order a baked potato and chicken nuggets. The employees were always nice to her and gave her free food on her birthday and holidays. I was 6 at the time and we didn't live nearby, so I'm thankful that the employees were so kind to her.
I work at a McDonald's, and the amount of older widowed people who just sit and people watch used to make me sad. But you know what, every employee knows them by name, what they get, and if we're lucky we get to know their story as well. Now I see these older people as people who are still really alive. They drink their coffee and talk to near strangers about everything, while the young family next to them are all buried into their phones and don't even look at each other and kids are laying on the floor in the PLAYPLACE playing on tablets. Older people never have smart phones. We don't have TVs or anything in our lobby. The only thing they want is conversation. Our older regulars are by far the favorite of all the employees. 
Looks pretty good for 93
My grandpa and his gang of old farts went to McDonald's every single morning for coffee, for as long as I can remember. Honestly probably close to 20 years running. Same woman worked mornings there during the week every day. I don't think my grandpa and his posse paid for coffee very often. 
Two things that strike me:

1)  Do the McDonald's in the UK not believe in uniforms?  No two employees are wearing the same thing.

2)   You can get a coffee with a Happy Meal?
Does the word widower bother anyone else? Like it sounds like it should be the name for the man that killed the widows husband. Not for the widowed husband.

Edit: whoops look what I started.
Recently there was a case in Hong Kong where an old, sick woman who had nowhere to go slept and died overnight in a McDonalds. The dead woman sat there for the entire night until someone tapped her and found her unconscious, and called the police in the morning. Then, for some reason, the removal of the body was delayed 6 hours. It was a truly bizarre scene: a corpse covered with a layer of plastic sitting in a McDonald's, while everyone else just proceeded to eat their meals nonchalantly. And soon after it was removed, business resumed and the table became available again as if nothing had happened...
[deleted]
I bet he's got a sweet toy collection
He doesn't look a day over 84.
Goes to McDonald's almost every day of the year


McDonald's gives him more McDonald's 
McDonalds every day keeps the Reaper away
That face at the bottom, I can't help but smile 
Did he get a tour of the kitchen and a cup of orange drink?  When I had my party at McDonald's we got a tour of the kitchen and a cup of orange drink.
I use to work in an Alzheimer's facility. I took care of a 89 year old woman with dementia. Pretty far gone. Her husband would stop by McDonald's every single day to pick up two icecream cones and they would eat them together.  We had icecream at the facility but I guess it was something they did before her dementia got to bad and he wanted things to be as "normal" as possible. 

I would, almost daily, get asked by several of the residents I took care of to bring them McDonald's. Or some Coca-Cola.  I couldn't but I would often call their families to see if they could bring some in (most didn't.)
Jimmy: That's an ad.
He look less fat than the rest  of them
Ad. News. Ad news news ad ad
TIL someone lived to 93 after eating McDonald's every day for 3 years
I'm surprised he's not dead
&gt; ... As well as buying him whisky and shortbread ...

Love it.
Respect to this guy, Morgan Spurlock could only last 30 days.
God damnit. Guess I'll be having tears for breakfast today
Being that old is hard enough, but to also be lonely must be unbearable sometimes. Most of us hope to live that long, but old people are largely ignored. People don't interact with them because they are marginalized and don't seem to have value to the rest of us. I admire the cultures that genuinely revere, respect, and admire their elderly. Treat them the way you want to be treated.
This needs more upvotes. It filled my heart with diabetes and love.
older people go to McDonalds religiously, weird, but hey if it makes them happy.
Aww man that's really sad. I'm so glad I can be there for my grandparents.
Girl in green sitting on the stripes guy's lap? 
McDonald's staff is angling to get in the guys will.
This is the branch I used to frequent. 

Once ordered a mocha to be met with a blank face only to be told it was pronounced mooch-aah. 

Then used to sit in the car park of what is now dunelm mill and watch the rats go through all the discarded rubbish while eating my Big Mac.

The delights of west Cumbria.
This is so sweet. Damn near teared up there.
i actually believe mcdonalds can be good for old people. the food isn't the healthiest, but you can get a lot of calories in a few bites. shouldn't that be good for old people with diminished appetites?
He's going to Mcdonald's every day and is still alive...?
Wow, he looks amazing! Good for him.

Eugh, dailymail though
Dang this reminds me of alot of the customers i get at Raleys, many older retirees come often and its always a little sad when they look lonely. A nice conversation i feel goes a long way to making someones day :)
How is he not morbidly obese?
As a former McDonald's employee, I'm fairly sure that the man on the left is a manager and his forearm tattoo is visible. I wonder if he received any feedback from head office. 
Workington sounds like a fake hometown name concocted on the fly.

Yes, I'm from Workington.... I live on... Street Place.
He is trying to join his wife by killing himself with McDonalds food. 
All I learned is I can eat McDonalds all day er day
There has been a lot of these mcdonalds "news" of them doing good deeds, like feeding customers etc... i'm starting to get suspicious that this is just some kind of planned PR campaign 
It really gets to me that those maccas workers are so old. the average age for the workers would have to be about 15 and the managers, 17 here. Its like society as it used to be...
Uplifting? I have been a Redditer for about two years (different accounts). This story ranks up there with top ten saddest stories I have read here. 
Far right: man or woman?
It's amazing how they went all out.  You can tell how much effort went into the "party" by all the decorations and special food brought/made for the occasion.  
Healthy looking 93 year old eats McDonalds almost every day for two years. Doesn't quite add up.
That **can't** be healthy
Wow, great presents. Whisky and shortbread.
so he's been eating mcdonalds every day for 2 years?
God I hope I die before I get that lonely
Maybe he's not lonely. MAYBE I JUST LIKE MCDONALD'S OKAY???

*Ahem* I mean he probably just likes McDonald's.
Lonely? I bet he's having the time of his life... though they probably won't need to throw a 94th.
Amazing pair of man tits in the article headline photo. Truly enviable.
Where's the cake?  Or did they just put a candle in a Big Mac?
"These people deserve to be replaced by robots for asking for a living wage." - Someone reading this, probably
50 first dates! 
Nice try Ronald
Just glad they didn't hide then jump out yelling surprise! at the guy and scare the shit out of him. 
Nutritionists hate him
Can't understand why, but this made me break down into tears. :'(
How did a near-centennial survive two years eating McDonalds nearly every day? gimme your metabolism. 
"A lonely 93-year old who eats Mcdonald's Happy Meals almost every day to cope with the death of his wife..."

Nah, I'm good. I'm too drunk to read anymore than that without crying. 
[deleted]
Ol' CEO Steve is doing some damage control human relations
That feel when you are so lonely that the staff at McDonalds are the only ones who remembered your birthday.
it wouldve been funny if they order other restaurant food for the party..some shrimp fry from popeyes or something
Unfortunately, the shock of the surprise birthday party caused the 93-year-old man to have a heart attack, thus converting the *surprise birthday party* into a *surprise wake* . . .
This doesn't feel uplifting at all to me, it's depressing the hell out of me. Happy meals?
Up voted for being awesome
Consumerist...
Seems nice, until you remember McDonald's sales are tanking and they are making desperate maneuvers.  
McEmployee here. Regular customers are the nicest people. One of our regulars is a woman, probably in her late 50s, who just sits around and enjoys the sun for several hours while having a coffee and a smoke. She's incredibly nice. I wish I could get myself to chill out like that for several hours.
How sweet and kind. Happy birthday pal!
That dude does not look 93.  There seem to be a lot of long-life genes in heavily Celtic regions of the UK.
That guy looks pretty good for 93.  I would have guessed he was only in his 70's.
I'm from the same county, I had no idea Workington had a McDonald's. There's only a handful in the entire county.
Is that a 32oz coffee cup
[deleted]
Look at the picture of all of them and look at the male McDonald's employee on the far right. THE BOOBAGE
I know this is happy and uplifting and all 

But going to McDonald's daily for 2years and continuing to do so don't quite sound healthy to me O.o
You'll see lots of these people at mc'd in the mornings
Because a surprise is really what a 93 year old needs. 
Look at Mcdonald's getting itself back in the game. 
Faith in humanity restored.
Can confirm those are McDonalds employees. 
I'm trying to figure out at what age I can just let go and eat McDs everyday, start smoking, dropping hallucinogens and drinking whenever I feel like it.  I always thought in my late 70's but this guy has me thinking that's a decade too soon.
Its so sad to be old and a widower. People really need to be more compassionate to these people
to be alone is not to be lonely.....ya dingus 
There's a hotel-restaurant in the Vancouver area where a customer has been going daily for 35 years.  It is now named after him ! (Harold's Bistro)  The walls are adorned with photoshoped  pictures of him with all the greatest celebrities and leaders of the last 50 years.  He has his own parking spot inside the restaurant for his skooter.
http://www.sheratonvancouverairport.com/harolds-bistro

[deleted]
Knowing the fact that he goes there to clear the thoughts of his wife who died is quite heartbreaking. 
Steph Cockroft wrote this. 
.................
Good for him and for these people. I wish this was common enough that it wouldn't make the newspaper
I bet the employees there speak the national language. 
For the first time in 25 years I feel like a happy meal.
They need better proof reading.
McWhiskey and McShortbread. Limited time offer. 
It's impressive he's still alive, you know, given the diet. ;)
Where's my party? I might have gone everyday since 2013.
There's Waldo! I found him! 
Rotten corporation, good employees!
Obligatory fat joke
Too bad they didn't order out.
Doesnt look like a party to me. Just looks like the Employees took a picture with him.
'The kids who come in here are mine as I don't have any of my own. It's company for me.'

That settles it, I'm having kids. If only so someone is obligated to occasionally visit me when I'm 93.
My question is not dead eating all that shit everyday
aww but srsly fuck mcdonalds
I love that this article had a TL;DR
Yo my mom is a widow, and shes like 55 but she looks like shes 90. She has eaten McDonalds every day for the past 10 years, where do I sign her up?
To have that much McDonald's in your 90s and still live is pretty damn impressive. Maybe the fast food fears are a bit overblown? 
If the staff of any McDonald's staff near me looked like that rather than lowlife's they sell drugs through the drive through then maybe I'd want to actually go. 
This is a moving story and everything, but all I can see when I look at that photo is serious man boobs.
Restaurants should do that more often. Great marketing and makes people happy
My grandad isn't quite 93 yet but he's been going to Mickey D's faithfully every morning for 30+ years. A whole clique of older gentlemen convene there for several hours on a daily basis.
Eat at McDonald's every day. Live into your 90s.
If only they'd show their employees this kind of love!
Those were days of roses, poetry, and proses. Martha, all I had was you and all you had was me. 
South park has trained me well.

This is an Ad
The secret to immortality. .. rotten ronnies
It's a sweet story, show compassion, and heart. I worry for his health a little. But if he made it to 93 looking that spry and well... Hopefully he knows what he's doing!

Happy Birthday! Yer a ~~wizard~~ muggle Harry!
Cruising for the ladies.. 
I hope he fights it in court, just for the confusion.
"AM I DETAINING MYSELF?"
Sure this is funny, but uplifting news?
I thought this was going to be from /r/nottheonion.

The last thing I would expect is it being /r/upliftingNews

Reddit is weird.

Well I figure it's always good to see both sides of the story. I live in milwaukee and I worked at a restaurant and we had 4 detectives who regularly came in for lunch. Parking was tight around our establishment and they certainly did not want to walk so they parked in front of a fire hydrogen EVERY time they came in. Like EVERY TIME. I had to serve them several times and did my best to keep my contempt in check. It is nice to see officers that don't do this, but i can only assume the only reason he issued the ticket was because it was during the veteran's day parade, and he most likely took away the parking from disabled veterans who needed it. I could just be jaded but Milwaukee police seem to "dance to the beat of their own drum" and typically don't adhere to the law they are sworn to uphold. 
He is an elected Sheriff, a politician:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_A._Clarke,_Jr
" I'm a cop you idiot. "
...and then issues a Press Release about it.

That is not being a good cop, that is just a publicity stunt.

I hope he had second thoughts and had to taser himself into compliance
The most Canadian thing I've read all day.
Barbrady?
This story isn't quite adding up and bits of truth have been withheld. How do you forget you parked in a handicap spot made a mental note that this is a bad thing. Delegate a solution to the bad thing to someone else and upon returning to the scene of the crime fucking forget; you had made a mental note supposedly created a solution for the dilemma. Also at some point In the day wouldn't have the person who moved the car had advised him where the vehicle was? No this cop parked there got caught and maybe was forced to write the ticket? Nobody who is qualified as a protector of the community can be this certifiably stupid I don't buy it
"Accidentally"
"Cop does his job"
So I see this stuff online all the time, and my biggest question has always been..who reports this to the media? like how do they know about these things?

So should he be commended for writing himself the ticket or chastised for taking up an accessible parking space for the whole day? As a wheelchair user, I would prefer he not park there in the first place. I don't give him props for writing himself a ticket. He should have known better than to park there at all.
he also shot himself for refusing to take the ticket, then started a high speed chase as well with himself, he called for back up as well, man was it a really tough pursuit 
"If you're just using it because it's convenient for you.... Wrooong... Dead Wrong."
there needs to be more police officers like him. Good to see there are still some good ones out there.
Reminds me of Leslie from Parks and Rec
This should be under /r/nottheonion
Attention Seeker. 
Then shot himself because 'he had a gun'
This is the toned-down, happy-feelings version of Minority Report
It sounds like he stopped there and asked one of the other officers to move it to a better spot but they didn't do it when he left
damn it Javert....
I was like: "holy shit that's insane". 

&gt; The county fine for parking in the handicapped spot was $35 U.S.

Haha, in the Netherlands its €370 ($400).
The cop this city needs
I want to know what he did.  He's working awfully hard for good karma points, so I have to wonder what he did or is going to do that he shouldn't.
Predestination 2.

Coming to a cinema near you.
Mountie* FTFY
Is Milwaukee still a part of the United States or did we just sort of give it to Canada for mayonnaise?
Thats fair
He's running for the Vice Presidency according to locals.
I just read the post on front page about the officer turning off his body camera before shooting a teen......I get disgusted. Then I read this article that happened in my hometown....and my faith is restored. IDK wtf to think anymore. 
Plot twist. He has multiple personality disorder.
I feel so uplifted now. 
Same thing in Finland, a coo gave himself a speeding ticket because he noticed he was exceeding the limit.  
Well good for him, shows that there are still good cops out there.

I am pretty sure he talked his way out of the ticket.
... I do believe this is the closest we can get to dividing by 0 without the universe imploding.
Thought this was on /r/nottheonion and assumed I was gonna read about a cop giving a ticket to himself by accident, but this was actually a really nice read. Made me feel better about the police force as a whole.
Am I the only one that finds it hella-fishy that HE (according to the article...) released a PRESS RELEASE regarding this "incident"? 
I am a first responder.  I work with cops everyday.  The majority of them are doing the right thing in my experience.  It's sad that a small handful ruin the image for the rest.
Fuck that guy. Don't park there in the first place you fucking prick!! Seriously... "I parked in a handicapped space but somebody was supposed to move the car."
must have been stoned
*pats himself on the back*
"Cop accidentally gives himself a ticket after parking in a handicapped spot"
Probably saw someone taking pics of it, and was forced to do the best possible thing and turn it into a positive. 

I always see cops parking illegally to go to Stabucks/Coffee Bean; turn on their sirens just to run a red light (and turn them off immediately after) and then cruising in no hurry; etc. They are always looking down at their computers while driving through parking lots. One almost hit me, then blamed me for not yielding to him. 
My city it's 500 bucks. Fuck Tucson 
[Braxton Bragg](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Braxton_Bragg) had a reputation for being a strict disciplinarian and one who adhered to regulations literally. There is a famous, apocryphal story, included in Ulysses S. Grant's memoirs, about Bragg as a company commander at a frontier post where he also served as quartermaster. He submitted a requisition for supplies for his company, then as quartermaster declined to fill it. As company commander, he resubmitted the requisition, giving additional reasons for his requirements, but as the quartermaster he denied the request again. Realizing that he was at a personal impasse, he referred the matter to the post commandant, who exclaimed, "My God, Mr. Bragg, you have quarreled with every officer in the army, and now you are quarreling with yourself!"
i thought public service vehicles where exempt from these rules.
Did he turn off his body cam first? You know, just in case...
&gt; The county fine for parking in the handicapped spot was $35 U.S.

Where I live, pulling that shit will get you a $1,000 fine for the first offense.
that sounds like a lie. it also sounds stupid
Oh man, I have SO much respect for this guy. Goddamn.
In my part of California a handicapped parking violation is *many* hundreds of dollars. I wonder if he would have given himself that same ticket here.

edit
Jesus Christ I just looked at the San Francisco parking regulations website. Apparently in California, for the whole state, parking in a handicap zone is $880!
I'm glad this is on the front page, reddit needs to give good cops some acknowledgement. 
Does he give himself a speeding ticket every time he goes over the limit too
So... Jesus joined the police department?
He was probably just doing it to meet ticket quotas. 
Guess he had to meet his quota
He's a good guy. but really, why didn't he just move his car when he realised?

Cop can also tear up any ticket he wishes when no one is looking.
Oh please
Arent cops allowed to park wherever they want? I often see them parked by a red zone
A cop did that in my town. He did it for attention, now he's a Fox News contributor.
The height of honesty.
First post in months that would be appropriate for r/nottheonion and it's in r/upliftingnews instead. 
It is a wonderful sentiment... Why did he need to release a press release though?
Yeah because someone who accidentally does something deserves a ticket. This time of absolute rule following is an insane detriment to society and causes so much suffering.

The law is supposed to be a guide based on morals.

Absolute law following is the cause of:

Most muslim killings we hear about

Thousand of innocents in jail

Following of evil orders by all sorts of militaries

I'm sure you can think of more.

He didn't deserve a ticket, he deserved to learn from the experience and become a person who will double check his parking spot.
I live in Milwaukee, woot!
As a paraplegic, thanks but that's too much. Just keep assholes from parking in disabled parking.

Edit: Handicapped isn't the best term, disabled preferably. 
##notallcops
He only issued it to himself after lots of people nearby for a veterans day event started taking pictures of it with their phones and sharing it to local media. It was near the city's war memorial and could have easily been needed by a handicapped veteran. 
He's running for the Vice Presidency according to locals.
Unlike the meter maid who parks at a hydrant outside my apartment every day. 
$35 for parking in a handicap spot in the Us? It's $520 here in Australia...
Why is this uplifting news?  I'd rather our policemen read the fucking signs.
So there are good cops out there
good cop bad cop
Isn't this the Fox News shill that comes on to talk about police brutality and African American families? David Clarke?
r/nottheonion
I'd like to see him talk his way out of that one.
He was probably 1 ticket shy of his quota.
I'm surprised this isn't /r/nottheonion
/r/Good_Cop_Free_Donut 
Integrity. 
Should say: first cop ever to get parking ticket
Let's say YOU'RE his superior officer.

Do you promote him or demote him? 

DISCUSS
This is some Jim Gordon level police work. 
"Accidentally"?  LOL!!
EVEN THE COP GETS IN TROUBLE
My Mom was paralyzed on one side for most of my life, and I have always hated people that misused handicapped parking spaces.

But I would buy this man a beer and maybe give him a hug.
This will be a circus show in itself if he goes to court over it. Major haha's to be  had by all!
This would probably fit in /r/NottheOnion as well.
I guess he strictly follows the whole "no one is above the law" moral.
My mentor is a judge and he gets angry at any police officer that parks in disabled spots. He jokingly says, "now everyone will think our officers are handicapped!"
Be careful, Reddit doesn't like cops.
"If you're just using it because it's convenient for you.... Wrooong... Dead Wrong."
How can you do this accidentally? Were the signposts not visible? Were there road markings? Is the police officer partially blind? I just can't understand how this could happen. 
Luckily he issued a press release so we know about his righteous behaviour!
then he fights it and wins
He should have shot the other cop for refusing to comply with orders. Not to mention $35 for parking in a handicapped spot? How is that less than forgetting to get a new inspection sticker, or hell, even what it costs to park in some parking garages.
My hope for US law enforcement: restored.
Google: Sheriff David Clarke, before you start feeling so wonderful about this asshat. (He once said Black Lives Matter will join forces with Isis.)

Source: I live in the city he's Sheriff of.  
Thank God he didn't realize he had a gun and then tase himself.
Predestination 2.

Coming to a cinema near you.
Lol i misread that correctly
That's a little too cute. *see guys - everyone can get a ticket! I couldn't be profiling if even I get a ticket!*
"He is an elected Sheriff, a politician:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_A._Clarke,_Jr*"

Thanks to redditor JohnKinbote

I knew this sounded like a publicity stunt, I just couldn't figure out why he would do it. Now we all know
Good for him for upholding the law. I wish more cops would ticket people who parked in handicapped section without a placard. 
whether it gets thrown out or not, keep in mind he also donated 200.00 to charity. That says it all. Great guy.
Yeah sure....I bet the cop came out and a citizen busted him. So to save face, he wrote the ticket. I bet if that person didn't call him on it, he'd just move a long.
What a hero. All cops are forgiven!
/r/NotTheOnion
In America, the cop would have run over the handicap individual to take their spot, it would have been filmed via youtube and they would deem that the armless handicap man was armed with a gun and posed a severe threat to the officer.
Did he move from from Canada? 
&gt;Press release closes with the promise to investigate why his request to move the vehicle was not moved

Yes, let's divert resources towards finding this, this, perpetrator of anarchy... 

And while we're at it, let's hand out meth to all the children. 

Only in Canada
What a noble soul. 
Integrity - this officer has it.
Why do we always do things like this in Canada?

**EDIT** Actually read the article and not just the website! - Not in Canada.

[deleted]
[deleted]
Good Guy Cop. 

I saw a dude today pull up into the handicap spot and his driving was so shitty he completely covered the 'wheelchair lane' between handicap spots. He reaches down and puts up a handicap tag on his rearview mirror. 

Proceeds to get out -- mid 40s walks just fine, two younger girls (max age 22) get out of the back and then mom gets out of the passenger door. Again, nobody limps or anything -- I'm just staring and the mom says, "Hi, how are you," and then I hear her say to the daughter, "I don't care...muffled."

I didn't confront them but I'm just like - what if the dude next to you has a wheelchair and can't fit between the cars because you park like shit? Not to mention, what if someone with an actual disability needs the handicap space you just took so you saved an extra 35ft worth of walking when you get done stuffing your face with all you can eat pasta at the Olive Garden. 
$35 for parking in handicapped? Its like $300 here, if not more. Ontario Canada
TITANIUM HWHITE
It's the second landmark in Twitch's history, after Twitch Plays Pokemon.
This stream gave me a new appreciation for twitch chat. In the beginning I was dumbfounded by what I was seeing on my screen. I wondered what motivated people to engage in the spamming. What do they gain? Then I just accepted it and sometimes it made me laugh. Eventually I would keep the chat on screen because even though I can't really read it and it's mostly spam it kinda gives me the feeling that I'm sharing the experience. The spam becomes like the roaring cheer of a stadium crowd. 

The Bob Ross stream made me think it would be a lot of fun to watch TV or movies with twitch chat. I don't think it was just that Bob Ross' show is so sweet, twitch just doesn't get to watch beautiful things like this in general. 
Two moments from the stream:

Bob: "You know what? Let's get crazy. Let's make a nice big tree over here." *Starts blotching the left side of the canvas with sap green *

Stream: "NO BOB" "OMG RUINED" "RUINED" "YOU RUINED IT BOB"

Bob: "Just push the brush and make a bunch of little branches...a lot of you probably think I've ruined this."

Stream: "HOLY FUCK" "HE KNOWS" "ILLUMINATI" "2spooky5me" "HE'S LISTENING TO THE CHAT FROM BEYOND" "WTF" "BOB LIVES"

----------------------------------------

Bob: "Hey, I know! Let's paint a nice bit of weed here. Always nice to have some weed."

Stream: "YEAH BOB" "420 BLAZE IT" "BOB'S A BLAZER" "WEED IS NICE"
Favourite part of the twitch chat for me, was when he sometimes said what products he used and credited where to find them, and everyone shouts,
"SELLOUT!", it's just magical. 
Pretty much the only reason why I use twitter is this one account: 

https://twitter.com/bobrossgamedev

I really hope he inspires some viewers to pick up the brush and try painting along side Bob. I have done it before and was pleasantly surprised at my results. I never liked painting because I couldn't produce what I saw in my head, and would get frustrated.

When you paint with Bob's relaxing encouragement, and make a mistake, he teaches you how to fix them and morph it into something beautiful.

Seriously, try it.
I adored this stream. In a way that surprised me.

For one, the chat was constantly entertaining. Hwhite, Ruined/saved, etc. 

But the biggest thing was realizing how much of a *good guy* Bob Ross was. And how much he meant to me. I watched him in class, when the occasional substitute art teacher didn't know anything so just put it on, but I've never actually *watched* it. 

That man loved doing what he did. He was so happy painting, and having someone, anyone, watching and enjoying it with him. Furthermore, every time he would say, "maybe in our world, there's a tree. Or not, it's up to you"  it was so relieving. He was completely okay with whatever you, the viewer did. It didn't matter, he just loved to paint. His instant trees, his beautiful mountains, all of these nice techniques that were awesome tricks to painting that I feel that I would be able to do with ease. Plus his voice is so relaxing to me, like ASMR.

I recently graduated with a fine arts degree, and I'm struggling to find what I really want to do with my life. He was just *so happy* with what he did, I know that I have to go for something that makes me even close to as happy as him. I watched the stream for 3 hours and left watery eyed the first day. 

Sorry to break from the mountain hype and beating the devil out of the brush, but...I wanted to put in my two cents.
I can't disagree with you.  I went from mocking my husband for watching it to becoming fully engrossed in it, Twitch chat dialogue and all.

GGGB!
RUINED.  SAVED!  gg wp.

Love the chat.  Everyone needs some Bob Ross in their lives.
This and Twitch Plays Pokemon are really the only times I've ever been engaged with the chat.

Almost sad to see this over. So chill just watching Bob paint while I made dinner.
He is just so pleasant to hear.  I don't even watch half the time I just like having his voice in the background while I work or rub one out real quick while my roommate isn't looking.
[Everyday's a good day when you paint]( https://youtu.be/YLO7tCdBVrA)
After watching Bob Ross, i found myself having a new view on the world. when ever i walk down the street now,  i wonder what colours he would use to paint the scenery in front of me (sap green, some van dyke brown perhaps). now when  i go walking in the trails and i pass an big old happy tree, all i can think is "oh man, Bob would love that tree right there". 

I know it sounds weird but for a while i was going through a little bit of a brain funk but after watch Bob Ross paint and talk about the simplicity of nature i found myself with a new view on this world, in a way he made me excited to be here again

Thank you Bob!  
Too many funny moments in the chat. When his son came on it was a riot. 'SEX GOD'
I loved it when he showed his squirrels and everyone in chat was like 'PETA'...

I am actually thinking about buying his Documentary DvD for $30. Guy is just something else, love him.
[Remember,We don't make mistakes, only happy little accidents.](http://41.media.tumblr.com/03578ecd0d11a5e1a4a311394310a819/tumblr_mi05s6S1Ab1s3lyg3o1_1280.jpg)
Watching the show along with the twitch chat made it a blast.  I got the RUINED, SAVED, GG, etc....but what is VAC?
ICYMI, Bob Ross will be staying on Twitch.  [Every Monday night is Bob Ross night.](http://blog.twitch.tv/2015/11/monday-night-is-bob-ross-night/)  

I watched the stream all week.  There's nothing like laying in bed and falling asleep to Bob Ross. it's incredibly soothing and waking up to the same stream was so much better.  
I was so surprised by how Twitch accepted Bob Ross. It was like watching cancer make love to a unicorn??? 

It made me really happy to see twitch overall love Bob ross and I turned in almost everyday to experience it. It was really uplifting. 
My brother and I were watching a beach scene, it seemed he was just painting waves at first and i turned to my brother and said "over under 1.5 trees?" He was so solid on the idea of 0 trees.

Then arose a pair of palm trees, i am pretty sure I exploded.
Bob is the best thing to ever happen to twitch. It is like twitch plays Pokemon with less bickering, lots of nostalgia, and a renewed appreciation for kindness and creativity. 
One day I decided to smoke some pot and watch Bob Ross paint on the YouTube. I ended up crying at the beauty of it all. Such is the power of Bob Ross.
Twitch chat was the best. "OH NO! RUINED RUINED RUINED!" "WHAT A SAVE! GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG"

What I loved most about this, was seeing younger people who never grew up watching Bob Ross seeing him. Seeing his actual show and the way he was, rather than a meme-ified version of him. I think a lot of people gained an appreciation for just how sweet and caring and encouraging he was.
There are currently 55,000 people on the hype train on Twitch waiting for a 30 year old program to repeat. That's insane.
Bob Ross created the Bob Ross marathon 
The chat was the funniest thing about the Bob Ross marathon.. Everyone screamed RUINED when he added a new mountain or tree on top of his background, then all screamed SAVED! OMG! Magic! Or they all got sad when it ended.. They gave Bob a hard time for not reading chat. Haha
Best part was when painting a tree he says the word twitch. The chat explodes with **HE KNOWS**
Can I find his video's somewhere? I was not able to watch it when they were showing them the other day. 
I'm so glad younger people got the chance to watch his series. 
His voice causes instant ASMR
Not gonna lie, I got a tiny bit choked up at the end there.
I watched Bob when he was still alive.

This is one of the few articles I have ran by that was well written and even genuine. On a tech site no less.
I should point out that while twitch is launching a creative initiative, digital painters have been using livestream/twitch/picaro for quite some time now to livestream - especially digital painting. A good list streams running right now is [wolkenfels live stream status list](https://livestreamstatuslist.appspot.com/)
^(*he makes me so happy*)
I was watching one night and he started talking about how we needed darkness in our lives so when we see the light we could appreciate it. Then he went on to talk about how it touched his heart that we came to watch and continued to let him into our homes I think this was around season 5. I'm paraphrasing but he said it with such authenticity and sincerity on went the water works.  We need more people like him on TV.  Came for the art, got schooled on life.
I wish Bob was alive so he could read me bedtime stories with that voice of his.

SAVED
I just thought I would take a look at the twitch channel, despite knowing that it ended a few days ago.  There are 9797 people sitting there in chat talking to each other discussing the countdown clock.  This might have changed a few things....

edit: T-3 hours 7 minutes till we find out what comes next!
Best part was when painting a tree he says the word twitch. The chat explodes with **HE KNOWS**
[RIP IN PEACE DEVIL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7s7gKvqBwU) 
Oh God, Twitch is going mental at T-29 mins when a dude comes into the frame and starts painting. Viewers go from 20k to 33k, only to troll with the "Stay tuned" painting (in recording). Ha, good one! 
For anyone interested, Monday night is now [Bob Ross night](http://blog.twitch.tv/2015/11/monday-night-is-bob-ross-night/). It runs from 3PM PST to 9:30PM PST (midnight to 6:30 AM depending where you are in Europe).
Bob Ross was ahead of his time. He is the original streamer.
Best part was when he would calmly say, "just let it happen" and half of chat would spam TRIGGERED. 
I loved the 'RUINED' spam to be shortly followed by 'SAVED" and then eventually ending with 'GG' or 'GGGB'. I had such a good time.
I started watching Bob Ross maybe 10 years ago when it was broadcast really early in the morning on Discovery Home and Leisure. It breaks my heart that he wasn't appreciated in his time. But I'm more than happy that it's better late than never. It's always amazing to watch someone do what they love and then try and make people happier by doing it.

Edit- when I say he wasn't appreciated in his time I mean in comparison to the  fame he has today. Obviously he had relative fame in his time to achieve so many episodes. But if he was alive today he would be treated with the same international noteriety as say Neil Degrasse Tyson or Bill Nye. 

Edit- ITT America isn't the world, guys.
What was the countdown on his twitch channel for?
I went to the site to get a link to the mirrior, got a youtube link to his channel and then a link to another arstechnica link to an article about the twitch channel.

Here's the bloody link:
http://www.twitch.tv/bobross
He is still in Hulu Plus if you need more. The commercials are little jarring.
It's great in full screen with the occasional check in to chat to see how they react to his son saying he's Cherokee. 
Favorite part was when an episode ended, chat was like "GG"
Spamming "GG" after each episode, having Bob say "God bless, my friends", shouting "RUINED" whenever he starts a foreground tree and "SAVED" whenever he finishes it. Brilliant fun, what a legend Ross is, and what an absolute joy the marathon was.
I watched Bob Ross when I was stuck in the hospital. Just listening to him was great. The best advice I received was "You can have anything in this world if you are willing to pay the price. The price for being a good painter is practice."
Bob: "God bless my friends!"

Room: "GG BYE BOB!"

 *cue generic of 10 seconds*


Bob: "Hello everyone"

Room: "HI BOB!!!"
I watched entirely too much of this marathon.  On the upside, after being inspired by this I was able to download a free painting app instead of spending a ton of money on oil paints.  Although I may buy a paintbrush to clean so I get the full Bob Ross experience...
The only issue I have is it is kinda awkward knowing that the corporation that owns the rights to these videos and twitch are splitting the money.

I really wish the money was 100% going to some sort of art program or something, but since it's not, it just feels like a money grab.
In the 90s, there was a Canadian-made show called Hard Core TV, and they did a couple Bob Ross spoofs:

[The Joy of Tattooing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2w2axPEbJb4) and [The Joy of Bikini Waxing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQkkCYlAd8k) ...both of which are mildly NSFW but very funny.
MISSED LETHAL
Your world KappaRoss 
Guys I just painted my first Bob Ross Painting, you can find it on the subreddit twitch.  Feel free to check it out :) 
I'm just impressed that the writer of the article can read fast enough to know that there's a culture in Twitch chat.
Fakebob is here.
Six minutes left til that timer runs out. 
"Having held military positions that required him to be, in his own words, "mean" and "tough", "the guy who makes you scrub the latrine, the guy who makes you make your bed, the guy who screams at you for being late to work", Ross decided that if he ever moved on from the military, he would never scream again"



from his wikipage. Can anyone confirm this? Its kinda hard to believe...

edit: [Rob Ross Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Ross)
It's starting right now if you want to tune in! http://www.twitch.tv/bobross/
And it's back on.
Ruined
My favourite part was when he talked about how he'd sell paintings that he'd spent 3 hours on for the same price that traditional artists spent ages on and everyone spammed 'SCAMAZ' it was brilliant.
I watched this often with my 4 year old. He loved it so much. 

GG WP BR
It was completely amazing. Even CBC Radio in Canada talked about it. I had it on and heard "twitch", then "bob ross" and I was so happy. So now even non-gamers get to hear about how incredible the experience is. 
I was surprised at how I much enjoyed it. Going into it with no knowledge of Bob Ross I quite enjoyed it, it was heartwarming.
 Never in my my life would I have expected to come away from a ArsTechnica article so teary-eyed... 
I've actually learned stuff from this stream.

RIP Devil!
After watching a competitive game or a salty streamer, it's Bob Ross, so the whole thing was brilliant. start9 you could watch how religions were formed within days.
I have already watched about 20 episodes. Great to watch after work to mellow out to. Too bad he did not live longer. 
;_; They announced that all 403 episodes thats pretty rare.
RUINED!
I've been thinking about streaming live painting of Bob Ross landscapes from the show. Bob is a true hero to me and I would love to be apart of spreading the Joy of Painting. His method is truly beginner friendly and anyone with the desire could learn. I was thinking I could have a vote on which episode people wanted to see painted that day/week and paint it live! I've been painting for about a year now, here are some examples of my paintings from the show: [1](http://i.imgur.com/ss69ZCi.jpg) [2](http://i.imgur.com/lyebI2c.jpg) [3](http://i.imgur.com/zFMP9Td.jpg) [4](http://imgur.com/7cj0dQ3). Right now I'm only lacking a proper camera and mic but thought I'd see if there was any interest in this before I invest in a streaming setup.
I really did enjoy it. 
I'm not much of a twitch guy being YouTube has all of what I want to watch. But Twitch has the capacity to do such awesome stuff like this and twitchplays pokemon (just the first one it lost its appeal afterwards.) I'm interested to see what next big thing happens on the site. 
Damn , do we really need a petition or something to rename this thread 'Bob Ross marathon is moderately nice, considering'?

Of course it's a silly, hyperbolic title, but it's not meant to be serious and tbh, kind of made me smile before I'd even clicked.
#\#HappyLittleTrees
Irish Paint Magic inspired by Bob. This should be streamed next https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Th8G9sCI0WA

Ochre brown is op. Plz nerf. 
I hate to annoy people, but [Discord was the latest character to parody Bob Ross](http://i.imgur.com/XDoGV6E.gifv) when the Twitch stream was ongoing.

I think Family Guy also did a Bob Ross parody, too. Happy, little parodies.
Best part was when painting a tree he says the word twitch. The chat explodes with **HE KNOWS**
This is insane and it blew my mind!!, but this will probably stay buried. Anyway I just turned on the stream to see what the talk was about and I find an episode I remember my mom watching years ago it's insane! I think this is the only episode I have ever seen, but I completely forgot about it till just now.
Like most great artists, Bob Ross never got to see the truly beautiful meme he would become. Thank you Bob.
Bob Ross was like the Carl Sagan of painting. Such a wonderful man.
It frankly is a sweet, ridiculous thing to swatch... Ha.

One can almost feel a tear approaching when all the wankers in the chat return Bob's "god bless."
[Remember,We don't make mistakes, only happy little accidents.](http://41.media.tumblr.com/03578ecd0d11a5e1a4a311394310a819/tumblr_mi05s6S1Ab1s3lyg3o1_1280.jpg)
Too many funny moments in the chat. When his son came on it was a riot. 'SEX GOD'
[Everyday's a good day when you paint]( https://youtu.be/YLO7tCdBVrA)
Happy Little Trees
Lovely take on the matter as opposed to [this article from The Verge](http://www.theverge.com/2015/10/30/9646026/twitch-bob-ross-gone-wrong)
Maybe its because Im from Britain and never saw his videos when I was younger, but I don't get the whole deal with this Bob Ross, can someone explain this to me?
There was already a website that streamed Bob Ross on a big loop. Someone making a Twitch channel for this wasn't original ... 
The title is really late and really overemphatic clickbait
I thought that, originally, people feigned interest in this guy in an ironic kind of way, only for others to misunderstand and think their admiration was genuine, resulting in the misconception that his show was good. It's similar to the way that that people misunderstood the original intent of the Chuck Norris jokes, and now the internet considers him a credible action hero. It's interesting how pop culture's propensity for irony, in conjunction with our collective inability to actually pick up on it, can shape popular consensus. 
[I   BELIEVE  !](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLO7tCdBVrA) 
Bob Ross needs a vac
Did Gaben's son write this article?
Anyone have a direct link?
My fave part is when he adds the significant part of the painting and everyone in chat goes OMFG WHOLE SHIT OMFG OMFG KAPPAROSS
what actually happened when the countdown ended?
Slightly off topic, but from the article . . . 

&gt; Twitch's ad inventory is limited, and the main ones in the rotation right now are a loud and explosive Halo 5 ad, a tremendously annoying Pandora ad . . . 

YES.  I am not the only one who is being driven to near insanity by that horrifically annoying Pandora ad - every time it comes on I mute my speakers because I just can't take it any more, I just can't, it's *so annoying* . . . 
This certainly has been my best Twitch experience, right alongside Twitch Plays Pokemon. 
Give twitch chat anything and theyll make it amazing
This is the magic of live broadcast.
Cable may be going the way of the dinosaur, but people still like to discuss a common sight.
Steve is missing out on bringing the show back. I would live to see Steve paint.
The Kappa Ross song that came out of it is pretty awesome too. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pHNhQGcXxs
Happy little tree
PEAPOD is my spirit animal. 

Is there a recording of the marathon? Preferably with the chat included? 
The chat was the most beautiful part
Things are picking up again.
gg.
I don't know about the most beautiful thing ever created...
And we're back with season 1 hypeeee
He's Back!
I had an idea for a museum exhibit where someone watched the show and painted with Bob for every single episode and then they put his paintings and Bob's originals next to each other side by side. It would probably take up a shitload of space. 
Reading the first line, can I just point out that in Ireland at least we had Bob Ross and he was there to watch for anyone who wanted, pretty sure this guy had it in London too but just can't remember/never saw it.
Gg rekt
RUINED
Oh God, Twitch is going mental at T-29 mins when a dude comes into the frame and starts painting. Viewers go from 20k to 33k, only to troll with the "Stay tuned" painting (in recording). Ha, good one! 
R.I.P Devil
30 year stream delay NotLikeThis
It's on a loop right? I don't want this t end.
Only put this on twice and got the same episode, what are the chances? or is it the same episode over and over 
f
Agreed. It's both sad that he's not here anymore, but amazing because he was such an amazing person.
RUINED!
Bob : "JUST BEAT THE DEVIL OUT OF IT :) "

Twitch Chat : "LOL, DEVIL REKD" 

I watched Bob Ross growing up on our local PBS channel. It was the most mesmerizing experience. I couldn't stand most things on TV. My lineup consisted of He-Man, GI Joe, DnD (remember that shit?! EPIC), Fraggle Rock, some Muppets, Smurfs and sometimes some Gummy Bears. For some reason though, whenever I would come to 'ol Bob on the boob tube I had to stop and watch him finish his painting.

Sure we all made fun of his "happy little accidents" and crazy (aka badass) hair, but deep down we all truly loved the talented fuck.
I thought that was just so happy painting, and having someone, anyone, watching and enjoying it with him.
The internet didn't create shit. Bob Ross did.
I'm just so pumped t watch him every Monday now.
Bob you are my Senpi RIP
The chat explodes with HE KNOWS I watched the stream for a 30 year old program to repeat.
RUINED
RUINED!....SAVED!
I watched the stream thinking I wasn't going to watch it for much longer. Boy, was I wrong! Watched it for another 4 hours and did not regret any of it. I felt so much better and calmer after listening to his voice. 
There's just something about watching so many people watching a man of that character paint, and the chat goes full on twitch chat... To a recorded video. Truly magical. Also loved people spamming "gg" when he was finished, and seconds later "hey bob" when a new one started :)
Now I'm a bit sad that I missed this. Not much of a Twitch guy, though.
Always saved, never ruined. #THANKYOUBOB
Why'd it go down for so long? Had it on in the background, it went down and next thing I look and it's back, but not bob. Then I looked this morning and bob is suddenly back. And younger.
I honestly watched way more of this than I thought I would. It's so addicting.
I lost it at "BLUE OP PLS NERF" Haha!!!
RIP DEVIL
DEVIL REKT

[ITT](https://youtu.be/SbBAdaaaRoE)
Agreed 
KappaRoss
RIP DEVIL
No one mentioned FREEBOB
I loved when it ended and everyone said, "GG"
Aaaand it's over.
[not according to feminists](http://unicornlordart.tumblr.com/image/132483425504)
[deleted]
I don't think they really created anything, basically what they did was akin to someone just loading vhs tapes into a vcr when the prior one was over.  What would you say about that guy, "What a creator?"  

Really the, "creation,"  had a purpose, and it worked too. (Revenue)

Cry about it bitch.
I'm glad there's an article that tells me what the most beautiful thing on the internet is. It would be terrible to miss the most beautiful thing on the internet. 
Reading articles of people trying to explain "twitch culture" is cringe worthy. 
As a Brit, I'm totally lost. Is he like the good version of Rolf Harris? 
WHAT THE HECK!
The most beautiful thing the internet ever created was a repost? Perfect!
Now let's get Bill Nye and Mr Rogers on twitch
I seriously doubt that. I mean all the porn and this is our crowning achievement?
Other than the twitch chat running any mildly funny joke into the ground within seconds, it was a fun stream. 

My favorite bits were when Bob would talk about the producers, his life, etc. and the chat would spam 'LORE'. Probably because that joke wasn't used 24/7 like the others.
https://archive.is/Rxinp Here's an archive link if anyone doesn't want to support Ars Technica.
I loved the whole thing, and I think Bob Ross is amazing. However, the Twitch chat was grossly sexist every time a woman was on the screen, and every Reddit commenter here is really glossing over that fact. It's quite jarring to go from "HAPPY TREES" KappaRoss KappaRoss to "fuck you bitch" "TITS" "what a cunt where's Bob" "fuck her Bob!!1!". This happened every time his wife appeared in the animal rescue sections, but was the worst when the show featured a female painter. 

So, eh, Twitch chat made Bob Ross marathon not the best thing to happen to the Internet. We break things we like. Bob Ross wouldn't be angry at the comments... He would be disappointed. Think about how disappointed he would be, Internet. 

Edit: I read the article more closely, and it touches on these comments. 

&gt;The Twitch chat is not all good, mind you. Occasionally Bob would have guests in the studio to film an episode, and the women among these received some particularly unpleasant comments. This is a peculiar mix of tasteless, offensive, and, given the 20-30 year delay between the recording of their shows and their streaming, tremendously pointless. 


I asked OP to share this here, since they were the one to rally the support on reddit.  Well done /u/HooptyDooDooMeister !

https://np.reddit.com/r/Atlanta/comments/3vb0oz/request_no_one_showed_up_to_this_lowincome/
I was always disappointed that maybe 30 to 40 people would come to my son's high school plays. The principle did not even come to a single play. I think high schools just do not do anything to market their theater programs. They are all about football, baseball and basketball to the detriment of everything else.
The article didn't cite reddit playing any part, I suppose it doesn't matter much but interesting they excluded that from the article. 
I acted in high school and the audience was always packed with our families and friends, as well as community members. I can't imagine having not even parents show up. I'm so glad those kids got the audience they deserved. 
I just wanted to throw out there my experience as a drama teacher in low-income urban schools. My third year of teaching I was at a new school. We did a low budget show with a small group of students. Only 11 people showed up over 2 nights. Of those 11, 2 were my husband and friend, 1 was an administrator, 1 parent and the rest were staff. I can't tell you how many times parents don't come to their kids' plays. I left that school because I couldn't stand the heart break. I am in the same district but at a slightly better school. I honestly feel like I've won the lottery if I break 100 people total over 2 nights.

I always pay for royalties because it is someone's paycheck. Playwrights are people trying to make a living too. And I have been lucky to be in contact with some of those playwrights. They always want to help and answer questions. I always try to find a way to keep the show about $600 or less in total costs. But if I ever broke even on a show with ticket sales I'm not sure what I would do. Probably fall over and die from a stroke. We fundraiser in order to pay for things each year.

Some high schools aren't like ours. In other neighborhoods or other schools in my district they can do anything, spend tens of thousands on musicals and make it all back. That is not my reality. But as a teacher, you're effing proud at the end of the kids when the production is all said and done. That's why we do what we do. We love these kids and sadly, we are sometimes the people who love them the most.

I truly sympathize with the redditor in this situation. I want you all to realize how common this problem is and I beg you to go see a local high school play this year.
The article says it was shared on Facebook, did I miss something? It's a great thing either way.
Fucking nice work, reddit!
I wish someone had done this for our production. We're in the same boat. Also, did the article honestly call them 'players' not 'actors'? Anyway, congratulations to the actors and I hope they had a wonderful show!
I live in Albany, but somehow the Reddit post about this escaped me. I've seen a lot about it on other social media though from people who attended the show tonight (Friday) and they said it was standing room only. The actors looked absolutely thrilled in the pics I've seen. Good on you, Reddit. 
Bring Community back to America - then worry about everything else
My wife teaches in a low income district in a city you've heard of, but never in a positive way.  She teaches music, and it is sad to see the lack of attention from parents at some of the schools. Half the parents don't show up to the concerts, and around 10% just show up and act like they are in their living room being loud, making phone calls, etc.  Some have caused scenes because they apparently can't be around other people without trying to start fights. 

The humiliation on these kids faces is heart breaking.  The only thing worse than your parents not showing up is your parents showing up and acting like an asshole.  I've sat outside with her for 2 hours after a concert because a parent forgot to pick up their kid, it is illegal for us to give them a ride, and when they finally answer their phone, they are piss drunk.  How do you counter that in a kids life?

That said, the opportunity for these kids to be involved in something like an a performance art makes a huge difference when they take it seriously.  For many, it is their first opportunity to be involved in something that requires discipline and pride.  It is just a shame that so many kids have to deal with parents that cannot set any kind of example.
They have a male pageant, called a Gentillion. Never heard of that before. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dougherty_Comprehensive_High_School#Events
Here's an update [from Friday's show](http://www.walb.com/story/30672991/dougherty-high-play-goes-from-no-audience-to-standing-room-only) with footage of the crowd.
What Reddit post, they didn't mention Reddit in the article? 
This warms the cold cockles of my heart
Literally read the original post the other day. So cool!
&gt;"Dougherty is in a disadvantaged part of the city,"

All of Albany is disadvantaged. It's in BFE southwestern Georgia.
Not even their parents showed up?
Fuckin Reddit. You guys are good people sometimes.
High-schools in metro Atlanta GA have annual theatre competitions.
region &amp; state

At state, you always have the schools from rural GA with depressingly bad sets, costumes - to their credit, the acting spared no expense.
The fuck? You'd think at least the parents would come.
If I wasn't in Australia, I would go and see the show for sure! 
As a teacher myself, I feel that the administration in that school should be fired. Why were they not there?
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Atlanta/comments/3vb0oz/request_no_one_showed_up_to_this_lowincome/) is a link to the original reddit posting on r/atlanta. Amazing that something posted over 150 miles away still got enough of a ball rolling to help!
Hard work and skill, excellent show.  Congratulations.
I'm glad that people went. I would've went if I were nearby. I do enjoy going to high school plays. There's something awesome about them that's not seen in "professional" plays. Carefree feel. 

[This Into the Woods clip.](https://youtu.be/U-1_4VwHGdo?list=PLgdKLzMo_S9p4B-wewstE_nw-8Gi728IG) Moments like that...hahaha.
A whole lot of people dont deserve kids. I can think of 5 sets of parents that dont deserve their kids( but we all know probably half their parents are either working nights or just cant afford to come)
That's some loving parenting right there. 
Awesome to see, although I would like to know the demographics of the people that attended the play
Bring Community back to America - then worry about everything else
I guess the families were all out working their 3rd and 4th jobs. This is the cost of having a low minimum wage: generational poverty.
we did it reddit
Albany is an absolute shithole and one of the most depressing towns I've ever visited. That being said, this is am awesome story and I'm glad it worked out. Great job
Hahahahahahahahaha! Poor kids

"Ah fuck! No ones here!"

"Ah Fuck! Everyone's! Here!"
If anyone has experience with Nigerian princes they'll want to check the comments on the article.
[deleted]
Outstanding redditors! Awesome how an internet community can effect such a positive change in the real world. Today a play, tomorrow the world!
We done did it kind Reddiots!
fuckers haven't got any parents or family?

&gt; reads title

oh... err well done reddits.
Shame on the mothers, shame on the fathers, shame on the siblings, shame on the peers, shame on the aunties, shame on the uncles, shame on the grandparents, shame on the whole school community.  You cannot fix education until PARENTS are wholly involved.  The ills of our educational system are a direct reflection of the ills of our families and failings of our parents.  
I live in Albany. This blew up quick! I feel for the children. They want to say parents were working, but a lot just didn't give a shit. 
I don't get it, the article said 40 people showed up on the second night- was that the "huge turnout"? Did I miss where the article continues?
So, like, [Best Gig Ever](http://m.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/286/mind-games)?
As someone who works for a school I would donate $ for them to get licensing rights for a night. I have seen first hand the difference it makes in the lives of kids when they can be proud of something they are doing. 
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Atlanta/comments/3vb0oz/request_no_one_showed_up_to_this_lowincome/) is a link to the original reddit posting on r/atlanta. Amazing that something posted over 150 miles away still got enough of a ball rolling to help!
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Atlanta/comments/3vb0oz/request_no_one_showed_up_to_this_lowincome/) is a link to the original reddit posting on r/atlanta. Amazing that something posted over 150 miles away still got enough of a ball rolling to help!
So what did Reddit do exactly?  The article doesn't mention Reddit at all.  It says a Facebook post started generating attendance.  
In the meanwhile, the article is hosted on HLN, of which is owned by CNN. It just so happens to turn out the article mentioned CNN, but not a peep of reddit. Do I look surprised?
I'm in Atlanta theatre. I wish I'd seen this. Break a leg, kids!
Awesome. Love supporting the arts. Hopefully this just doesn't end here maybe a trend starts and people regularly go to their local HS shows.
Reddit raised awareness, white guilt filled the auditorum.
Sometimes I just love my city. Good job Atlanta.
WE DID IT REDDIT
This is great.
So what did Reddit do exactly?  The article doesn't mention Reddit at all.  It says a Facebook post started generating attendance.  
So the parents of the kids in the play didn't show up? Jeez, how is this anyone else's fault?
Fuckin Reddit. You guys are good people sometimes.
We did it reddit!
OH SHIT 
An absence of dads?
Pardon my interjection but I must share a strong opinion. Drama is bottled life. When you watch an actor become another person entirely, it's positively enchanting. When those tortured souls we term dramatists take the stage, it's like seeing a soul shift. To have that magic happen without any witnesses is appalling. 

The mistake this theatre company made was they employed a woman who had a dry tongue. It is well known that all great stage minds are drunkards. I know because I made them that way. Who do you think pulled them swaying about, landing them softly and carefully upon the correct decision? When they drink from my cup they find themselves elated for my wine is silky and elegant enough to wear.

If the theatre master had taken into their employ; a winery, a master cooper and a pretty lady, perhaps to stage right, it may have given the good people a reason to attend. All men love art, but some men must be coaxed into it. An old vintage light-bodied red is my preferred method. 

I will send good harvest to these children as I stir the lees. 
So a bunch of white hipsters ventured into the hood because the local blacks don't care? Instead of a play shouldn't they then have a hip hop or bring it on contest or something.
That's pretty messed up, those kids needed some support. Even I an asshole support teen plays and fund raisers. Gotta show that the MOTHER FUCKING baby boomers are at fault for everything.
Nowhere in that article does it support your claim
40 people is a full house??? Title is a little self serving for reddit isn't it? 
I think, at this point in your development as a performer, you're supposed to suck and no one show up. My wife is a pianist and I have been in theater and film for over a decade. We've both presented work to audiences both empty and full. We've both had ovations and walkouts. In the early years having no one show up is part of the process. The audience is empty and you do the show anyway. Then you do it again and again and you learn to love to do it for the sake of doing it rather than for audience approval. You learn to love the act of performing or presenting and then you start to get truly good and then you get  feedback from an audience who is showing up to see you because you've earned their attention as a prepared and rehearsed artists. 

Gary Senise talked about the beginnings of the Steppenwolf Theatre once and described the first years as a group of kids doing shows to an empty room. The Kids in the Hall have the same origin story. The stand up comedians I know grew up in a crucible, audiences were sparse in the beginning and even those that showed up were typically aggressive drunks. After years of work they can pack a 200-500 seat room in a local market. 

The joy of honing your craft in this environment is that you learn to create your own standards. I think appealing to an audience is important but that's not what's happening here, people are showing up to make them feel better, not because they are interesting to watch (they may be, I hope they are) 

Anyway, this may seem curmudgeonly but I genuinely believe that if you start like the this, being humored to protect your eelings, you'll fail when this things go back to reality and you have to prove why you deserve the attention of an audience 
Huge turnout = 40

Reddit 2015
and nobody will return ever again.
Thread title says 2 weeks, video says 8 months.  Quite a bit of difference there...
Now I want a penguin buddy
How long do penguins live? It makes me sad to think the penguin will go there and find his hooman friend dead.

More so than the other way around for some reason? Maybe I feel the man can understadn mortality better than a penguin and rationalise that rupture when death inevitably separates them. Maybe. Im high.
The story fails to mention that the man gave JingJing a pebble too.  Now JingJing thinks they are married.
I'm not sure which would be more devastating, the penguin returning to an empty house or the old man waiting for years, never to see him again.
That penguin found out how to get fish without having to hunt it. More clever than uplifting..
Title Gore
Clearly he has the Animal Friends perk.
What is oil 2011?
It's a Magellanic Penguin, not a Patagonian Penguin.
Reddit has been on this story for a hot minute already.
I see an animated feature film in the feature. 
now aint dat something?! :)
I don't know why I read that as "Pentagonian Penguin".
This is another Hachi waiting to happen :,( 
The narrator needs to...work on things.  
This is my dream to have a friend penguin! 
This story made my day.
What a cocky freeloader. 
Penguin bros are the best bros
He just wants sardines
Right in the feels man 
Thus the film surfs up was born
Somewhat relevant?   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWH_9VRWn8Y
Oh man that is so awesome. I'd love to live out there, I'd make it my life to help out penguins that need it. I would be blown away if one remembered me and where i lived and made sure he comes back all the time to hang out. 
This is what you'd like extraterrestrials to take away from making documentaries about us. There is sadly the oil thing. 
The penguin wants to mate.  Source: Me (I used to date a penguin)
Right in the feels man 
Arachnologists and herpetologists have known this for years. Hatched tarantulas will move out of their burrow and "dance" when a favorite handler enters a room. Snakes will curl up around the places where their handler will sit.
A jackdaw is a jackdaw and a member of the article is technically correct.
A jackdaw is a jackdaw and a member of the article is technically correct.
Still cool though! 
Quite sure he wants the sardines, sry to burst bubbles.
Right in the feels man 
How does words, OP?
[deleted]
Very uplifting news.
"Fueled by Fire and Driven by Courage". That should be carved on something, somewhere...
The tears are real with this one, not an onion in sight. Made my day.
I couldn't help but think this was some Olivia Pope level of finagling. A perfectly executed, long term plan with a few uncontrollable variables that came through as hoped. No, she's a sweet girl. A very nice story indeed.
I think my favourite part of the whole story is how she correctly uses a semicolon. Brought a tear to my eye.
she was the student president at burlington county college. i sent her the link to show her she made the front page!!
Great article, except for the last sentence.
&gt;Please like if you agree!
wow her dad is really tough. he's survived being paralyzed, an aneurysm, and being a phillies fan this past season. 
they were on EllenDegeneres' show , a nice feel good story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQssSPn4qR4
This is from June.

http://abcnews.go.com/US/heartwarming-story-firefighters-repaid-waitress-act-kindness/story?id=32666013
I fucking love firefighters. They rarely get this sort of notice and respect, simply because they're overshadowed (for whatever reason) by veterans.
Lovely news. 

Edit : I'm astounded at how controversial this has come; why is everyone trying to start arguments? I only wrote this to express gratitude to these lovely people who willingly run into flaming homes to save people. 
What a great story! It made me tear up. Now, wouldn't it be awesome if one day she marries one of these firemen. It would be a great love story. I know, I am a hopeless romantic.
That's just beautiful :)
Aaaaand she's hot
The title is so click baity...wish it had more detail...
Damn ninjas cutting onions again.
In a dirty, filthly twist: depending on the specific town and the rules, this could be a serious ethics violation (not kidding).  If they were NJ State employees or employees of many municipalities, could be bad news.  [Local Police couldn't take free pizza due to a similar rule in another town](http://www.trentonian.com/general-news/20150910/ethics-rules-prevent-hamilton-cops-from-accepting-delorenzos-free-pizza)
Finally a story about some true acts of kindness and not some random jerk showing the Internet how "awesome and kind" he is. Great, uplifting news! 
Nice story, this is why I'm subbed here.
This is a good post. There is pretty much no one that could think negatively of this.
It's amazing what happens when a bunch of good hearted people meet and decide to try to out do eachother in being awesome.  What a great story to read.
That was such a lovely story, thank you for sharing it. *wipes away tears*
So SO GOOD!  So many happy tears :)
That's truly wonderful... Thanks for sharing it here. :)
Someone give me the link to the donation page plz.
Big tip!
OP gets his karma from a good post
OP gets his karma from a good reddit post.
This has been on Facebook for like a year
The guy down the page is flipping off the camera... its only peace if its the other way around... 
Very uplifting indeed! Made my day!
Very uplifting news &amp; lot of money :P
This is the best thing I have read all week.
Most times I hate people

But some times I love people
Awesome news :) 
That was such a lovely story, thank you for sharing it. *wipes away tears*
Good thing there was uplifting news that website gave my phone cancer. 
I seem to remember reading this exact article quite a bit ago
This is lovely!
I was feeling crappy this morning and I'm thankful I read this. Stories like these truly warms my heart and brings a smile to my face! Okay.. that's my cheesy moment for the day.
Saw her on Ellen. Sweet girl. 
OP gets his karma from posting about waitress
At first I thought the firefighters wrote this and would pay for her next meal. 
:') 
nice
Does anyone know what town this is in? I live in New Jersey and the check looks identical to one in Stafford County. Just was wondering to see if I lived near these amazing people!

Edit: I'm not a serial killer.
The first uplifting news post I've seen in a while that doesn't have some sort of catch to it. 

Nice.  
The onions
&gt;Her dad is even is a brain aneurysm survivor.

The writer seems to be in the midst of one.
And TWINS?!?
Isn't this news fairly old? I remember JKNews covering this a very long time ago
This really made me cry. I have tears rolling. I have no words..
One guy is throwing up gang signs?!
Those damn onion cutting ninjas are here again.. 
This makes me happy
wow what nice writing.
Makes me feel better about the world now.
That hand gesture the fireman is making means something very different in the UK. 
So Emotional
I needed this today.
:D
The best story I read today!
Definitely the best uplifting news. 
"Her dad is even is a brain aneurysm survivor."

Whatever happened to proofreading?
Local Police couldn't take free pizza due to a fire and the firefighters gave my mum and brother by barking.
Funny how total boredom at a small-time cafe can get you on the news. 
I am a sociopath
Faith in humanity restored +1
OK WOW MY TEAR DUCTS ARE NOT BEHAVING RIGHT NOW
Weird. Reddit is normally ahead of the game but this news is old as fuck!
The first uplifting news post I've seen in a while that doesn't have some sort of catch to it. 

Nice.  
Could've done with out the "like if you agree" but it was a cool story
We did it, reddit!
Someone get the waitress a drink. 
I remember when this happened. A warehouse behind the apartment my wife and I lived in burned for DAYS. The air smelled like burning rubber for a week. This story made the news back then, but I had no idea the girl had so many family issues. I'm glad this ended well for her, it's proof that not everyone out there is a dick.
I was almost in tears... Until the end when all the drama came crashing to an end with "*Please like if you agree!*". 
So I already tipped you,Right? Yup. Biig tip.
As does OP with this sweet post, Happy a Thanksgiving Reddit!
Awesome
not gonna lie, she and her sister are pretty hot. 

And that's how we all learned the importance of being a pretty girl. I'm sorry cynical. Don't listen to me. 
There is literally nothing to dislike in this story.  Just lots of people acting like good people.  Good post OP.
i thought karma happens in the after life
That was such a lovely story, thank you for sharing it. *wipes away tears*
My faith in humanity is restored when I read things like this! Both her and the firemen are assets to the human race! Thank you for that.
&gt; Please like if you agree!

ruined the whole article.
And the time we bought police officers their whole meal, they didn't even tip
Fire fighters make a lot of money. She was looking to get with one of them obviously.
Helps that she's pretty. Don't see these stories for a fat ugly unit.
Alhumdulillah ..how precious, may we all strive to be like this 
Firefighters are cool once they graduate college.

Source: we have dudes learning to become firefighters where I go to college.
Gross
this is the shit im subbed for
Dem feels
Love stories like this. Refreshing to see after all the depressing news stories 
I'd give her more then the, I mean a tip. 
It's incredible how some news like these can turn your day around completely
That waitress got big tips for sure. 
THIS is the type of story that hits and stays on the front page... not some stupid meme.

Every once in awhile I read an article that makes me think "wow, maybe humanity isn't completely fucked after all..." this is one of those articles.
This needs to go to the front page
I need to stop reading these at work. People are going to wonder why I am crying!  What a touching story.
Here is a grown man making a fool out himself in his office because he is sniffling &amp; trying to not show others that he is crying.  Please mark these kind stories NSFW next time will ya? 
Damn, a beautiful face and a heart of gold.
everytime I see one of these it turns out to be fake
Holy shit. Fully grown man crying on the toilet while on Reddit. Gotta watch where I click 
In the Disney version, she would also marry one of the firefighter :)
Now I want to see her date and marry one of the firefighters. ( They're all very attractive)   
r/titlegore
*tries to control tears*... * tears rolling* common. no one's watching. cry a bit.there are good people in the world!
AND she's hot. They forgot that part.
But for realsies, this is nice
Damn it i cried 
If she wasn't so pretty, would this have happened?? 
Her and both her sisters are all beautiful btw
Humanity restored
may i ask a question here? It may seem like a stupid question, but i mean it serious:

Why would a waitress, if she decides to spend some firefighters a meal, take the time and write a freaking letter and even paint some stuff on it? 

I mean, wouldn't it be much more personal just to go to them, and tell them to the eye "hey guys, I just overheared you talking about firefighting and stuff, and i was impressed, so your meal is on me! Enjoy, and get a rest!. 

I'm not trying to imply she's attention whoring or the story is fake or anything, i'm just seriously wondering why anyone would write a freaking letter in that specific scenario instead of just walking up to them and telling them what you gotta say. 
I don't buy it.
Awesome news :) 
She has since been sacked from her job for giving out free meals...jokes!
Do you know what cops and firefighters have in common? They both wanted to be firefighters when they grew up. 
I feel reddit use to be kind and caring like this during times of need, especially during Christmas with the secret Santa program; but now it's mostly filled with trolls and scumbag steves.
Liz is a cutie.
Nice post, terrible title.
One of 'em is in lovesies, guaranteed. Ok maybe not but still very sweet gestures.
Man i hate when people start every single word in a title with a capital letter. 
I also like that proper use of a semicolon. 
Awesome lady, awesome firefighters...awesome...EVERYTHING
&gt;they had difficulty holding back the tears.

So do I, right now.
Damnit, I didn't wanna cry on Thanksgiving :'(
I wish I could get karma:(
Literally uplifting news.
Serious question: why do kids with Down's typically appear to be overweight? (Obviously this guy doesn't have an ounce of fat on him, but he seems to be an anomaly)
I went to high school with this guy. He was really nice and got along with everyone. Glad to see him doing well!
Here are [some photos](http://i.imgur.com/wulS7Yt.jpg) of him in the competition. 

From the Courier-Journal "Champion: Collin Clarke, a 22-year-old from Evansville, placed 5th Novice at Saturday's Kentucky Muscle Strength and Fitness competitions at the Kentucky International Convention Center. Born with Down Syndrome, Clarke competed in his first bodybuilding competition. He was trained with the help from Glenn Ubelhor. Clarke drew the loudest cheers of the night. More photos: http://cjky.it/1NSRay7 "
I don't know whats more impressive, the fact that he was able to put on so much muscle with downs, or that his interview was more articulate than the dude next to him.
My understanding of Down Syndrome is that one of the signs of the condition is that the body has an inability to develop muscle.....from looking at that guy I'm guessing that's wrong. Someone care to explain it to me, please?
Congrats kid. He found a passion for something that makes his life better. 

As an aside, are all bodybuilders coated in orange skin paint? does it aid in showing off the mooscles or something? 
EVANSVILLE REPRESENT! He's from my hometown, it's been nice to be able to follow his progress and get the updates via friends and family on facebook. WAY TO GO COLLIN!
Not trying to take anything away from him, but from the one image, it looks like there are 5 people up there. Did he place 5th out of 5? Again, good for him, but they make it seem like he did well, when it appears he finished last.
As a current resident of Evansville, I am happy to see a positive story coming from the area.  
Jason Genova is also very inspirational, he has autism and multiple car accidents and recently placed 3rd in a body building competition (Ruby Classic) in Florida. He's the most inspirational bodybuilder and has that Craig Titus look baby. Can't talk, bye.
Kentucky Muscle! Thats a great show, haven't been able to go the past few years but I've always enjoyed it, great atmosphere and ran really well.
Nice story but I wonder why this guy is lauded when Jason Genova is laughed at?
It's nice to see something positive on Reddit now and then.
Adam Devamp?
Yay, GO COLLIN!!  Putting Evansville and Bob's Gym on the map!

When  my sister was born over 40 years ago, we were told that she would have no muscle tone, and in fact that her muscles would be so weak that she would probably be unable to walk. She did walk later than most kids, and she does have cognitive delays. She has had many health crises. She also has a black belt in karate.
Looks like he's as good at picking things up as he is at putting them downs
Order 66
About 77 spots higher than I finished in my high school class.
I gotta wait 50 minutes for 100 ads to watch a 50 sec clip. Fuck that website.
Are you from Evansville OP?
That's just fucking awesome. No excuses. 
I'm down with this.
Good work!!! Fitness isn't easy and comp prep is the 'hell week' of fitness everywhere. He put in crazy work to do this - regardless of his affliction, congrats and kudos!!
I went to high school with Collin.  He's always been a really nice guy.  He always was super obsessed with John Cena and when the WWE came to our town he actually met him and until now I've never seen someone look so happy.
Came in here expecting Jason Genova.........
Rad, good for him.
http://media.giphy.com/media/3rgXBSm8fUNlvvWtva/giphy.gif
This guy is an inspiration.
Inspiring, amazing and respect!. 
He wants to compete in the Arnold Classic, that's in my hometown (Columbus, OH) every year, be cool to see him there!!!!
I expected Jason Genova, is he still lifting?
I'm the one that came in sixth. 
That's cool, but I'm disappointed in the lack of Adam Devine pics in the comments.
This sub has turned into "Human Being Treated Like Human Being"
As someone who has worked closely with a lot of kids and adults with disabilities, this is great. 

Anyone have an idea what "special" awards he was given outside of Most Inspirational? Video said awardS while the article only mentioned the one. 
Jason Genova?
Meanwhile here I am eating left over Chinese food making the excuse it's to cold to go to the gym.
Now he has Up Syndrome.
Body building is medicine. 
That dude is like 50% syndromed
WHO RUN BARTER TOWN?!
this is great! good for him. 
It's hard to be an asshole about this one.








I'll be back.

Well, this has been incredibly inspiring. From overweight and depressed, to placing in competitions in a year?!

And here I am all "bah, too lazy to shed all these pounds, too hungry".

I think it's time I finally put down the plate, and pick up the weight. 
This is awesome that this made front page, Collin is my boss's nephew so he comes into work all the time and I printed the shirts seen in the video. Collination!!
You could really tell how happy he was to fulfill his lifelong dream =) Tons of respect to the guy.  
http://imgur.com/BOf8hki
That kid's in WAY better shape than me. Good for him.
Read that thinking there was a class of upwards of 5 people. But no, he was 5/5. This was a rollercoaster of emotions for me. 
The great thing is that nobody handed this to him. He did all the lifting, all the eating. This is something you simply can't fake or find a simple work around to.
This kids name is Collin. I live in the same city as him (evansville indiana) me and some buddies used to spot him at the gym when he would bench. He honestly had amazing strength, an awesome kid too and very kind. What a great representation of bobs gym and doing what it takes to better yourself. First time really proud for my city considering were the fattest in America by capita 
Nice!
Awesome to see, there's a guy with Downs Syndrome who lifts at my gym and I see him all the time. Great mates with the personal trainers and I always see him putting in a top effort everytime. 
This is correctly phrased "man with Down Syndrome," rather than "Down Syndrome man." Thank you for doing that :-)
at least he wont get bullied for having down syndrome
Dude is jacked!
So between this and the fat guy on the bodybuilding forums... are bodybuilders actually a great community? Never would have thought.
This reminded me of high school. In my school you had to take PE all 4 years but starting junior year you could choose to take a weight lifting class instead of regular PE. I wanted to buff up for the ladies so I signed up. Class consisted of mostly jocks, bullies and minorities. Now that I think of it, It was like some sort of preparation for prison. We would play dodgeball every Friday against the larger regular PE class and would absolutely fucking murder them every time, it was great.  But anyways, for some stupid fucking reason the school would sometimes place special ed kids in our weight lifting class. They were really just there to be baby sat. The coach would always tell us that under no circumstances any of the special ed kids would be allowed to touch the weights and if we let them we would be in huge trouble. So one semester we had a down syndrome kid in our class and he would always just sit next to the coach and watch. One day coach had to take a shit or something so he was gone for an unusually long time, Down syndrome kid got bored and made his way to where we were bench pressing. He asked us if he could give it a try and me and my friends just looked at each other and said why not what's the worst that could happen. So we set him up with the standard noob setup so we can see how strong he is and go from there. We let him go to town with 45# on each side which ads up to 135 with the bar if I recall correctly. THIS MOTHERFUCKER WAS STRONG AS SHIT. He lifted 135 like it was nothing didn't even break a sweat, didn't even look like he was trying at all. My friends and I all had this holy shit look on our faces while he had this huge smile on his face and was ecstatic. Us being the idiots we are put another set of 45s on the bar to see if he would lift it. Down syndrome kid lifted 225lbs like it was fucking nothing. By this time the whole class had gathered around us to watch. We put another set of 45s on the bar and right as we were about to let this kid attempt to bench 315, we hear coach yell out "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING???" Everyone dispersed so coach never knew who let the kid lift. All he saw was Down syndrome kid on a bench with 315lbs on it, I can't even imagine the horror that teacher must have felt. We never saw Down syndrome kid in our class ever again and I feel bad thinking about this because I now know that we could have seriously injured that poor kid.

TLDR: Stupid high school kids let a Down syndrome kid bench press and found out he was stronger than a motherfucker.
This really is uplifting news . I needed that after having a bad day and feeling down. 
The comments on this make me want to quit reddit. You fucks can't let anyone be proud of anything can you? Honestly the subreddit is uplifting news you bunch of cynical fucking cunts...
Awesome human being. Take note not so awesome human beings. 
ITT: Redditors that couldn't compete in a bodybuilding competition so they put down someone who can.  
Nice story but you can clearly see that there was only 5 people in his class.
I can't believe I have to endure a car commercial just to watch some guy with Down syndrome do a front double biceps.
I lift things up and put them down.
i came here for jason genova
The awkward moment when you realise he looks better than Jason Genova
I'm pleasantly surprised at the lack of comments about him having retard strength. Maybe it's just a military thing, but I hard that on a daily basis in Afghanistan
[deleted]
Every single person in that video looked really weird.
I had to reread the article cause I swore this was taking place in Jersey, America's tan capital.
Someone please tell Lauren Artino that's she's Holly Holm please 
the other 4 men in his class really helped support him
How many other people did he compete against?
Damn...  Everyone is so orange...  


Everybody's saying he came 5/5, but look on the other side. Sure he came last, but he's probably quite a bit more toned than most of you.

Good on him.
Believe it or not Colin is not the only person in down syndrome body building. Jason Genova and Jason Blaha are a few other examples. Great stuff, loved the video, hope to see more in the future!
my dream would have been to place first....but then again i don't have downsyndrome 
Would
Came in expecting the dark lord spaniard.
*Downs. Correct?
Hypotonia my ass.  Nice work.
Came here expecting to see John Cena or another WWE guy
He is the moon star.
Respect for this man.
How is this news? Aren't all bodybuilders suffering from down syndrome?
Was it his 3rd grade class?
Uh, so... we're not going to make the obvious joke, I guess?
How many people were in the competition though?
Atta boy!......I'm proud of ya, man.
How long before we see him on Ellen?
Man! I have a tremendous respect for Glenn Ubelhor, what he did is absolutely amazing, I wish more people had hes mentality.  
If I recall correctly he's from my home town. There's been an overwhelming amount of support pouring in all over for him.
Finally, Evansville news on reddit that's **NOT** about meth!
i swear to god I was waiting to see Jason Genova
But did you know that Down's is actually named after the person Down...now you know!
FYI 5th place was LAST place
So is Charlie Sheen coming out HIV positive tomorrow?
Is it just me, or are they all coated head-to-toe in weird bronzer or something?  They are all a very strange color/texture.
Isn't there only 5 people in his class?
Been at the gym for 2 months, came home today feeling like shit as I didn't do as much as I felt I could and didn't hit many of the goals I wanted.
Now I can't wait to get back, no idea how he did that in a year, but my new short term goal is to go the gym regularly for a year.
This is interesting. Poor muscle tone is a typical problem with downs.
Hey, this is close to where I grew up!! Good for him
Loaded potato
all hail the sith lord. pissening...check out his youtube channel "jason genova"
Anyone else mad at the coach for hijacking the platform to suggest this means that bodybuilding is not done out of vanity? I'm not saying it is or it isn't, but I don't see how this has anything to do with that. Maybe I'm mad cuz I don't understand that part.. either way, lil help?
Brings tears to my eyes
There were only five in his class. 
Did anyone else click the link mainly to see what a tanked up Down Syndrome person would look like?
Nice to see Evansville on the map for something other than meth!
/r/GetMotivated
Serious question: why do body builders paint themselves brown? 
And here I am lagging it to go the gym
Way to go man!!
Good job Jason Genova!
Hey this guy is from my town
This made me smile.
That newscasters eyes are way too close together.
see?  if you dream small enough, it might come true.
Massive penis, huge tongue, and muscular body. Girls should be forming lines in front of this guy. 
What's does the extra chromosome do it Down syndrome People?
And here I am soft as pudding...
Good for him!
this guy looks 100x better than genova
Lift upping news
Whoa, I didn't even know this and I live in Evansville. I watch this news channel pretty often too.
Placing 5th and being probably the only natty guy there is pretty good
Hulnkh snmash
I love how the first three people you see when the reporter switches to the actual event are fat people.  Like, what the fuck are you doing at a bodybuilding competition.  Building rotund doesn't count.
was his class "first grade"?
Imagine the adversity this guy had to face in all aspects of life just to achieve this. Amazing! 
Indistinguishable from typical gym bros 
This should be an open letter to cognitively sound fat people everywhere.  If a guy with Down's can grasp the difference between fat and healthy, so can you.
I guess you can say that he isn't that down anymore *badum tsss*
The lights are definitely on. 

This guy seems really smart and driven. 

Good on him for not being a mushroom. 
What a time to be alive.
It's sick it's piss
That's not uplifting. That's downlifting.
retard strength
&gt; "I do not accept monetary donations,"

That's too bad. I feel like he's hurting his cause just to stay humble.
That's really tragic, losing his dog and waiting at a slaughterhouse hoping to find him, I think he knew his dog probably was a victim. Must've really hurt. That guy really is a good person, trying his best to save those dogs from certain death. It's a shame that it couldn't have ended happily with him finding his dog alive. But for hundreds of dogs and him, it's still a happy ending. He's happy to help them and receives many doggy kisses and love. The fact he won't accept money and wants things donated for the dogs instead is really amazing. He's definitely earned my respect. I hope people donate and help him in his quest to save those dogs. 
I love what this guy is up to.  I dream of being able to buy some land someday where I can foster dogs.
Came to comment section expecting typical
Reddit asshole comments. Did not disappoint. This is uplifting. The man is saving lives. 
Wow this guy didn't just start a shelter he bought out the slaughterhouse, went into massive debt and doesn't accept monetary donations. 
Chinese dog shelter guy: I want no money, no profit, just supplies for my dogs. I put my values before my own net worth and believe in my mission.

90% of western charities: we're going to pay our CEO 300k per annum to manage our 'brand'. It'll be paid for by those with mostly under average incomes and big hearts in to his BMW fund. We'll out source our marketing to high pressure street salesmen with direct debit forms. The top of this company will be bloated with millionaires too; profiting from donations.

Reddit: this Chinese guy's a dick! He's wasting money that could be used for GOOD.

Wow.
Quite the cynical bunch we have here.
To be fair though, this is the internet.
So shines a good deed in a weary world.


I would give to him to support his efforts.
The former millionaire is in a power stance, fist raised in the air, as he is surrounded by part of his pack. 

I think he absolutely got his money's worth. 
Daaaamn he's 29?
Awesome person. 
One thing I feel is important to recognize is that in China, with over A BILLION PEOPLE of very diverse types, there must be so many amazing things, places, and people that we simply don't yet know about because of the sheer size (and, until recently, obscurity) of China.
How do I donate to this?
The cynicism of these comments is heartbreaking. His money is going towards something that is so much bigger than himself and any vain material goods he could have purchased. Good for him for spending his money on something he is passionate about and is giving him more satisfaction in life than his money ever could have. 
This man is my hero. 
Guys like this give me hope. :) It's a great story from start to finish, and I'm sure  he'll be remembered by many for his good deeds and being proactive. Dogs don't belong in the slaughterhouse.
Someone should get a kickstarter going for this guy (or gofundme?).

I never donate to them but I would totally give money to this cause.
Couldn't he finance the shelter from his profits instead? You know, give a fish/teach fishing kinda situation...
Where do I donate?
Doin' god's work
Nice to see people putting their money where their mouth is and making positive changes in the world, Godspeed
this guy rocks. im surprised at how people read this progressive step forward and start bitching about tibet, etc. this is rescuing animals, recognize him for his labors. this guy rocks!
This guy is my hero. 

What a man.
It would have been more effective to teach the populace to respect spay and neuter and subsidize or pay wholly for such procedures to be done on existing pets and strays. The article says he had several million yuan, but a yuan is only $.16. 1 million yuan is $156,618, so he likely was only a regular millionaire by American standards.(Edited as I misplaced a decimal point.)  

In Greece when I visit, I am always dismayed by the huge population of stray cats and dogs. Outside of the Anglosphere and Western Europe most of the world is like that with a huge stray pet problem due to a total absence of fixed pets. Of course in the USA, we also have municipal pounds and animal control officers to gather whatever strays there are and if they aren't adopted from the pound they often get euthanized(meanwhile on Reddit you can find so much discussion about getting pets from "respectable breeders" and pet stores). 
I like dogs more than most people so I for one love what this guy is doing.. 
Some one start go fund me then ill donate
I would straight up marry this guy. 
Faith in china has been restored
We just had Rent A Puppy at my university and this just makes me even happier. I want a puppy...
Money is no object when the lives of the innocent are at stake. This guy's a hero because he understands that. 
This guy is awesome.
What a good man. This is what we should all aspire to be. 
Crazy cat women, meet crazy dog man.
Nice to see people putting their money where their mouth is and making positive changes in the world, Godspeed
In 2015/16 I don't believe a vote makes a difference, not against a billionaire or a corporation. I've never lost faith that one person can make a difference, no matter how small, to those around them; to the world at large.

This guy is *impressive* - the amount of love and self-sacrifice he'd have to have, to do what he's done, is what gets to me. Impressed.
awesome! i'm sure savings those dogs brought him more happiness than anything else those millions could have bought.
These are the type of people we need. Help the helpless first.
if every redditor sent him a dollar he'd have a million dollars again! 
Seriously, what a cool guy with a good heart... it's sad that he doesn't accept money and goes into debt for this, but on the other side, if he actually would've accepted money, I would've questioned his good intentions being as cynical as I am. But now I have proof that there really are selfless people.
This guy is a good person
Awesome person. 
If only there were more wealthy people like this guy in the world. We would see some serious change, and why not? It's the humans who are responsible for the situation these animals are in. 

This is why you need to SPAY AND NEUTER YOUR PETS PEOPLE ! 
ADOPT, DON'T SHOP !!!!
Perhaps he could come up with a new and interesting breed that will catch on.
It's kind of like that expression, "If you want to take care of the world, take care of yourself, first." 
"From the slaughterhouse"??
He literally went to the dogs.
1 million yuan is not the same as 1 million USD. 
This was my dream as a child. I'm glad someone has achieved it
If I was a millionaire, I would keep and feed any dog or cat that I rescued. Lucky guy.
Does not accept monetary donations is the only thing wrong with this article. If he wants to invest his money doing this then more power to him. But not accepting money is just stupid. Why accept supplies when you won't take money. Does he know he can buy supplies with the money?
We should all purchase goods online and have it delivered to him.  That's an amazing story.
Not sure what the other comments were saying but let me start by saying that this man is awesome. On the other hand, it is also kinda sad that he had to go into debt for this. I don't mean to be cynical or anything but I was uplifted and then quickly brought down after thinking about it more.
If this is one thing Reddit should get behind. Reddit should collect and or work toward sending supplies to him.
The people who do selfless things like this are a credit to humanity. 
Wow, his wealth has really gone to the dogs.

Jokes aside, this is cool. Wish more people were like this.
&gt;In order to save hundreds of dogs from the **slaughterhouse**

What the actual fuck...

Good man.
Now how is he going to feed them hmm?
Ok so theres one good millionaire.

If it was cats, reddit would be sucking his duck. 
GOD BLESS THIS MAN
Future Goal.
doG bless this man
What a hero &lt;3
I dont know what all the deleted comments are. But if its anything along the lines of how ridiculous it is for a man to go into debt for stray dogs, how can you possibly disagree?

Just. Be realistic and think about it.
Didnt this guy have a donation page?  I would have thought someone would have come along to help this man make something better out of all this.  =(
I can't help but feel like he could have accomplished his goal of rescuing all these dogs (maybe slower), while still maintaining enough wealth to fund his operation and live comfortably.
In America we have Crazy Cat Ladies. I guess in China they have Crazy Dog Dudes. 
He must have had madd cravings
Millionaires go into debt all the time, but they can easily pay it off.
Loving!
It says he had a couple million yen which is only around $16,000 USD. If he excepted donations this man could do great things for many more dogs in need.
Looks like a solid fast food investment.
I knew Carol Suchman for quite a few years, I did business with her when she operated a tech company in New England. This woman, her husband and their entire family are hard working and self made people from the ground up. 

It sickens me to see people in *this* sub saying negative shit like they do anything better with their money or time. She should have done this, must be nice, etc. 

When it's your hard work, your dedication to a career and your payoff that's going in to giving homeless children Christmas, you can talk all the shit you want about it. 

Carol has spent her entire life busting her ass, and literally spends her days currently handing millions to startups to literally give people opportunity. If that wasn't enough, she donates fortunes to the needy, supports a ton of causes and hell, she just gave about 10 thousand kids Christmas. 

Fuck you if you have anything negative to say, seriously. 
It is hope to one day be able to do the same thing. I lived in foster care from 5-18 and I know first hand how it feels to be in that situation. 
If you'd like to do something like this on a smaller scale, you can be a Santa to NYC's homeless kids at www.stockingswithcare.org/. They're a 501c(3) organization that finds out what the individual kids have asked Santa for, and gets those items to them. You can sponsor a kid individually or donate money so that the volunteers can buy the items. The thing I like about the organization is that it's not a generic thing that just puts just any gift into the hand of a kid, they know what the individual kids' wishes are and do their best to fulfill them by getting the gifts. 
NY's finest. I aim to follow her lead (on a more modest level)
That is some Bruce Wayne shit. 
What a great story. Truly inspiring
This sub is bad news for me on work mornings when I'm juuuuuust hungover to be super emotional.
Let's just hope it inspires similar acts from others in her position.

Imagine a world where this kind of generousity wasn't even news, just a typical act from someone with more than enough, reacting in the only human way to those with almost nothing.

Note I'm in no way detracting from a fine and very kind act by someone who had no need to do anything.  Just a hope it triggers more of the same.
Now that is putting money to good use.
This is such a great idea.  Not only did she brighten the holidays for many children, but she helped a person who most likely lost his business make the best of it.  It would have been very difficult for him to get rid of all that inventory in other ways-my opinion, anyway.  
waoo.. this is good. so kind of her. Much appreciated! 
I wish there were more people like her (especially here in my country). She's got a heart of gold! Inspiring. I hope someday I'll be able to do that, too. 
You have stories with Isis, then you have this. Still good out in the world.
I couldn't possibly imagine not having a SINGLE present to open on Christmas day as a child... That's just crazy! What a wonderful thing for someone to do.
Good for her! 
Cheers to her! Thanks for sharing 
This is my favorite story I have ever read on this subreddit. What a wonderful gesture!!!
I used to work Toys for Tots when I was in the Marine Corps and it always amazed me the level of donations some people would contribute. One woman filled our collection bins 3 times over went home got her husband and another credit card and filled them twice more. Doing that was probably the most rewarding part of being in the military. 

Person in line behind her must have been pissed. 
The Paradoxical Commandments

by Dr. Kent M. Keith

People are illogical, unreasonable, and self-centered.
Love them anyway.
If you do good, people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives.
Do good anyway.
If you are successful, you win false friends and true enemies.
Succeed anyway.
The good you do today will be forgotten tomorrow.
Do good anyway.
Honesty and frankness make you vulnerable.
Be honest and frank anyway.
The biggest men and women with the biggest ideas can be shot down by the smallest men and women with the smallest minds.
Think big anyway.
People favor underdogs but follow only top dogs.
Fight for a few underdogs anyway.
What you spend years building may be destroyed overnight.
Build anyway.
People really need help but may attack you if you do help them.
Help people anyway.
Give the world the best you have and you'll get kicked in the teeth.
Give the world the best you have anyway.

=)
I've been reading so many sad news about the terrorist attacks that I first read it as: "Woman buys entire store to detonate toys to homeless children for holidays". Thanks for posting this OP, it gives me hope in humanity.
Great story but how many homeless children are there in NYC?
She probably ended up saving the owner from the financial mess that can arise when you have a store in that situation (assuming it was closing down and not just moving.)
Wow, long time no see /u/BasementCat666!  Thanks for sharing and great to have you back!
She helps the 99c store owner AND give gifts for the kids? Nice.
What does she do for a living? 
[Is this my store? How much to buy?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Nr7TF0G6lg)
This is what the person who bought out the game store should do.
if I was the store owner I'd probably go take a vacation somewhere warm...i hear Hawaii is nice. Maybe go check out the Keck Observatory at night and oogle the stars, find some hallucinogens and reflect...
God I'm cynical, I thought this was /r/thathappened. -_-

Edit: thank God it isn't. 
Faith in humanity, restored. 
must be nice to have that kind of money, I'm glad she is using it wisely. Good for her, inspirational.
The world needs more people like her :)
This is awesome!  The News has been so terrible lately with all the terrorist attacks that it's really great to read about someone whose main focus is the happiness of children who have nothing.
I want to do stuff like that if I ever become rich. 
Now THIS IS uplifting. Much more so than that 'other' story floating around....
Faith in humanity restored.                                               
That is some Bruce Wayne shit. 
Looks like SOMEBODY got a visit from Ghosts Past, Present, and Future one year not long ago.

And humanity is all the better for it.
She helps the 99c store owner AND give gifts for the kids? Nice.
Suchman, such woman!
She's never heard of alibaba or taobao apparently. 
What does she do for a living? 
[deleted]
Whilst that's obviously a really really nice thing to do, I can't help but think if she bought wholesale she‘d get a lot more for the money? Though I haven't read the whole article (I was uplifted enough by the headline...).

**Edit: Sorry everyone, I mean "That's obviously a really really nice thing to do."**
inb4 it's sex toys.
Probably would've been cheaper to just buy all the toys in the store instead
I just hope those employees are still working...somehow.
I don't understand how she will make money with this investment. 

Edit: you guys have no humour.
Honest question, did she do this to help put a smile on a child's face or did she do it to make herself feel better?
Must be nice to have that kinda disposable income.
Restaurants flocking to restaurants!
Mcdonalds walks into a Bouillabaisse R Us and is like WHERE ARE THE FUCKING CHEESEBURGERS, GASTON?
Enough of that #prayforparis stuff. 

&gt; #TousAuBistrot ("everyone to the bar")

This is the kind of campaign I can get behind.
Fuck them, we have champagne!

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/11/18/charlie-hebdos-new-cover-spotlights-paris-attacks-f-k-them-we-have-champagne/
Eating is uniquely French
this title makes no sense. Restaurants flocked to restaurants? 
Paris is a vibrant city because of all the foot traffic. I must have lost 10 lbs during my two weeks there, just from walking so much everyday. I'm glad to hear that people are still flocking to cafes. Don't let the terrorists destroy the soul of Paris! 
"France. It's a different planet." - The Doctor
That's the Paris I know
This is basically the same thing as "keep calm and carry on." Terrorists only have power when you allow them to terrorize you. Even if you're scared, just keep calm and go about your daily life for as long as you can, don't let them win by making you afraid to leave your home.
I say we do this in our own countries as well. I mean who doesn't like spiting ISIS?
The Falafel industry must be in a tailspin right now.
Living well is the best revenge. 
I think the French are too stubborn to let terrorists tell them what to do or how to feel :) 
Do you hear the people sing?
Singing the song of angry men
It is the music of a people who will not be slaves again.
Sadly, on my way to work, NPR and the politicans from both parties on the shows this morning were all abut the FEAR.  
?  To me, an uniquely French display of solidarity would be sending in the Foreign Legion to just fuck everything up
Much Solidarity. Wow. Such defiance.
LES TITLE GORE
Part of how you defeat terrorism is by NOT ACTING TERRORIZED.
DON'T stay home nights.
DON'T stop taking airplanes.
DON'T avoid crowded stadiums.

The biggest FU you can give to terrorists is to deny them the one thing they want.  Let the would-be suicide bombers know that they would literally be dying for *nothing*.  



One of my friends described it to me this way: "The terrorists have turned us into drunks and resisters." She then told me that people are already making jokes about what has happened, and I've gathered from our conversations that  in general, Parisians are refusing to let the terrorists make them change the things that are central to Parisian life. On the other hand, her boss has warned all employees against taking the metro, and the company is paying for taxis. 


The funny thing about all this to me is that at least in the United States, people are more concerned about who is showing support for Paris, why, and whether they can given that "no one noticed" what happened in other places. The Parisian response truly underscores the stupidity and silliness of the general American population's priorities.
https://youtu.be/fxk9PW83VCY
I think they meant to say restaurateurs, but either the editor or the translator was at the bar getting hammered. 

It's also the wrong word, but it's aw fuck it I'm going to the bar
also by eating [Croissants](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/01/syria-rebel-council-bans-croissants_n_3690732.html).
Hello from Paris. Indeed, I can confirm, the cafes and restaurants are busy as ever. We French are stubborn in our ways!
Restaurants flocking to other restaurants?
Uniquely French? Nah, there's several overweight countries full of alcoholics.
i will drop in to a restaurant/bar later today to express my own solidarity.  
I would move to France just for the food. 
The title massacre can be considered a terrorist attack
* Continuing public life in the face of terrorism is not "uniquely French".
* Restaurants don't go to restaurants.
&gt; "If everything remains calm then things will return to normal. But if we have another attack in the next few days, we will be dead."

Not sure if incredibly brave or incredibly ambivalent.
Saucisson and red wine against terrorism.
I love the French
TIL going to restaurants and bars is uniquely French.
Drinking alcohol sure shoves it in the face of ISIS
What if I told you they are not "defying terrorism" by doing this?

What if I told you they have zero effect on terrorism by doing this?
Defies terrorism... resumes importing terrorism... 
They should go with guns in their pockets (or wherever you carry a gun). Surprise the jihadists. Fight back.
I'm French, not in France at the moment, but honestly I wouldn't go out. Maybe now that the cops are everywhere it's much safer, but let's say the security hadn't been enforced, I wouldn't have gone out.

Yeah I'm a coward. But I have a family that needs me and relies on me. I don't care about defying terrorism. I support a government that does and the professionals. They do it so I don't have to on a personal level. 
Why is this behavior praised and inherently French? It just seems foolish.
How is this the "most French way possible"? 
I'm sure the terrorists really care. This will totally make them just give up and go back home to blow their own countries up.

Not really.

Close your borders and begin mass deportations, France. Otherwise, you can expect more attacks and more corpses.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocW3fBqPQkU
Wait... resturants flocking to resturants. How does that work?
Farting in the terrorists' general direction.
Now if only all the tourists that are cancelling by the hundreds could do this we would have reason to hope.

Things are scary, but the economic reality of this is scarier than anything that terrorists can throw at us.

Saying that, I'm really glad that the restaurants are getting this help at the moment, they need it more than anyone realises.
Look at that croissant and that latte - can you blame them? 
Every time there is a terrorist attack the media harp on about people carrying on doing what they were doing before as if it was some big deal.

At the moment I suspect the streets of Paris are chock full of security personnel with BFO guns. And whatchagonna do ? Not go out ? Not go on the metro or grab a pizza ?

Having lived in London through the IRA years (my closest call having been walking past Harrods 24hrs before the big Harrods bomb) you just kinda keep calm and carry on. As I did after 7/7 You have to, not because you're brave but because you want to eat pizza again and the odds are in your favour.

I won't on the other hand be rushing to fly in or out of Sharm anytime soon
Well shit, if eating a lot is helping France stand up to terrorism then we American's have your backs!   You're our oldest ally, so I for one will do my part.

Viva la KFC Double-Down!  For France!
Not uniquely French, the Brits have it too, there it's called the Blitz Spirit
Restaurants hacking restaurants. Why? - Neo, The Matrix
Good to see that Ridiculously Photogenic Guy has [joined them](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CUFFKDrWsAA3SiX.jpg).
To be fair, this was actually a campaign to support French businesses and times of trouble. Foreign restaurants, particularly those that cater to middle eastern people, are essentially being temporarily boycotted. 

By all means, display this as a positive thing. But different people will see it in a different way. 
Can't help but wonder if these 'displays of solidarity' would last very long if one or two of them got attacked... 
good for them 
Ah yes, going to restaurants. Uniquely French. Also displaying solidarity, uniquely French. 
That's all good and well. But it's not going to stop a terrorist from walking into the restaurant and blowing it up.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/titlegore] [Paris restaurants defy terrorism in the most French way possible: by flocking to local restaurants and bars in a uniquely French display of solidarity.](https://np.reddit.com/r/titlegore/comments/3tcyd8/paris_restaurants_defy_terrorism_in_the_most/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Just watch some douchey restaurant owner upping the prices on that day only.
Do any of these guys plan on not being caught or plan to get away? cause its a little ridiculous how fast they always find someone after a major attack but the murderers in my city run free. Police be like ," Did you see him or know where he lives?" No i dont ... Police, "then what do you want me to do about it?
until someone lights firecrackers
The image looks like LOL
Meanwhile in Murica.....facepalm

http://www.balloon-juice.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/12246720_1411997808829668_127319169401929034_n.png
They are all drinking wine in the picture. It's a pretty western notion that it's snobby to drink wine like that. Very cool. I don't think it's snobby. Every culture has their own thing. I think that's very French and awesome of them: 
Getting drunk in a restarunt on wine is the new way of standing up.   Noted. 
This sounds like a slate.com headline
I'm glad the people of Paris are hopeful, but does anyone else think this is a bad idea?

You are basically putting yourselves out there to be attacked again. Why give them more potential targets? I'm not saying they have to hide away completely. But it would be better to get out of harm's way, strategize, and not give them any more room to advance.
The knife is facing out.
Peace through Superior Cuisine!!!!
I bet that the second terrorist-cell that got taken out yesterday was expecting this to happen.
Donate to your favorite Peshmerga branch if you want to do actual good, France.
Come eat our overpriced factory food. 


Aw crap, I fucked up the title! :(
This is how you should react to people trying to instill fear and hatred and divisiveness. GG, France.
I love this story but unfortunately many Parisian restaurants and hotels will be forced to close. Such a shame. 
This is how the French surrender in 2015.  Just cuck my shit up
Well, it is probably the safest time to go to a restaurant actually. Just like it's safest to fly right after a plane crash.
I don't even like going to the bar, but I'll get hammered in public for this.
&gt; "We're not like London, where you have finance and all these other industries," says Jean Valfort, owner of the Farago, a tapas bar and restaurant in the city’s 10th arrondissement. "In Paris, it’s just restaurants and hotels."

Wow, this guy is massively ignorant about his own city... like... he really meant there was just hotels and restaurants, nothing else to make money from...
Cf wikipedia, [economy of Paris](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_Paris):

&gt; Paris, the capital and largest city of France, is one of the engines of the global economy. In 2012, the GDP of the Paris Region as calculated by INSEE was €624 billion in 2012 and could have increased to €650 billion by 2014.[2] In 2009, an Internet survey rated Paris as one of the world's most expensive cities in which to purchase goods and services.[3]

&gt; Although in terms of population the urban area of Paris is only approximately the 20th largest urban area in the world, its GDP of the Paris Region is the fourth-largest in the world, after Tokyo, New York and narrowly behind Los Angeles. The GDP and income per capita is one of the highest in the world; the Paris region accounts for 30% of France's wealth. In 2009, the GDP per capita (PPP) was $46,800 for 9.82 million people. The average income was $56,980 in 2009, 41% higher than in the rest of the country. Paris is one of few economic areas that didn't have any GDP decrease during the financial crisis in 2008; the GDP increased all over the period.[4]

&gt; The Paris economy is essentially a service economy, with business and financial services generating nearly half of the Paris region's GDP.[5] Its manufacturing base has declined since its pre-1970s heyday, generating now less than 10% of the region's GDP,[5] even though the Paris Region still remains one of the manufacturing centers of Europe due to the sheer size of its economy, with a shift from traditional to high-tech manufacturing.
TIL restaurants can go to restaurants
Using hash tags and Twitter and going to restaurants and bars doesn't sound uniquely Parisian.  Here in L'Amérique and pretty much every country we do the same, but we are all happy to see you're doing OK.  Is L'Amérique really America in French?  If not, feel free to downvote me.  
What is a "uniquely French display" of solidarity and how does it differ from other displays of solidarity?
We did this here in NYC after 9/11.
we, americans, have alot to learn from the french. much love to france.
and let me guess, business was down before this happened 
I mean.... is this the best idea? 
Until someone lights up some firecrackers
Meanwhile the shitstain that is the US is instilling tighter security at NFL games. Let's just make it so we're strip searched as soon as we leave our houses. I'd rather have the chance of being blown up then deal with security theater bullshit that hasn't stopped ANYTHING.
Why aren't they fleeing their country like Syrians do? How does it feel for the Syrians to look like bigger pussies than the French? 
I know a lot of people (including myself) were wondering if she made it...
The guy was later taken hostage by the terrorists, who made him watch as they shot other people. It's unbelievable what he has been through. [Story here](https://translate.google.fr/translate?hl=fr&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laprovence.com%2Farticle%2Factualites%2F3670777%2Fjetais-otage-jai-crie-aux-flics-de-ne-pas-rentrer.html), it's Google translate but I couldn't find an article in English.

Ok I made a (hopefuly) better translation, here is the story :

&gt; With my friend Jeff, we arrived around 8 pm at the Bataclan. We watched the opening act for Eagles of Death Metal, then we went to the bar to have a beer or two. We then got closer to the stage, we were just in front of the singer.
&gt; 
&gt; That was our luck. When they first shot, everybody thought it was a pyrotechnics. Then when the second shot came, we understood. We heard people screaming. The singer had left the stage. The lights came back in the room, I turned to the entrance and I saw two or three guys armed with Kalashnikovs.
&gt; 
&gt; These guys were shooting at anyone they met. The first who fell were those who were at the bar. Everyone was lying on the ground. The terrorists were shooting on sight. I saw a guy next me take a bullet in the head. A rumor spread that there was an emergency exit behind the scenes. I crawled closer to it. I had to go over dead bodies, wounded people, my clothes were full of blood.
&gt; 
&gt; Then I took advantage of one of them reloading his weapon to escape behind the stage. But on the left, there was no emergency exit. I crossed the stage, hidden behind a black curtain. When I found myself on the other side, there was no exit. I mounted the stairs but they led on the balcony of the concert hall.
&gt; 
&gt; In front of me there were two windows. In one of them, hung a pregnant woman who was begging the people down in the street to catch her if she jumped. In the street too, it was chaos. I went through the other window, and I clung to a vent. 15 meters (50 feet) above the ground. I held for five minutes and then the pregnant woman, who was exhausted, asked me to help her get back inside. That's what I did.
&gt; 
&gt; I do not know where she went afterwards. I returned to my hiding place which was not good. Five minutes later, I felt the barrel of a Kalashnikov against my leg. A terrorist told me: "Get down from there! Come and lay yourself down! ". It was there that the hostage situation began. We were fifteen. From the balcony, the terrorists were shooting people down. We were hearing screams as if people were being tortured. They told us "We are here to make you undergo what the innocents suffer in Syria. You hear the cries of suffering? It's to make you feel the fear that people suffer every day in Syria. It's the war ! And that's just the beginning. We will massacre the innocent. We want you to repeat it around you.
&gt; 
&gt; We thought that maybe we would come out alive. They asked us to call BFM, iTV (french TV news channels). They wanted to talk to reporters. But we didn't get through. At one point, they asked for a lighter and they wanted to know if money was important to me. They took out a wad of €50 notes and I had to burn it. They spoke French to each other. One was of Algerian type with blue eyes, Kabyle maybe. They claimed to be of the Islamic State. Then they wanted to talk to the police. They put us against the windows. They asked me to act as a watch. I had to shout to stay away.
&gt; 
&gt; They told me to say that they had explosive belts and if the police approached they would all blow up. But it was not true. I only saw their Kalashnikovs -including one patched up with black tape- and bags with ammo refills. They didn't seem very organised. They spoke with a negotiator through one of the hostage's cell phone. They had no demands except for the withdrawal of police forces.
&gt; 
&gt; They threatened to kill one of us every five minutes and throw the body out the window. The negotiator got the firefighters involved for about twenty minutes to get out the wounded. Then we waited. The longest minutes of my life. I went through all the feelings, hope and acceptance of death even if I closed my eyes not to see, not to see the Kalashnikov pointed in my direction. The terrorists had placed two human shields at the doors. The RAID (French SWAT) managed to shoot inside without hitting them.
&gt; 
&gt; They then pushed the door with a battering ram and threw a stun grenade. When I saw a second stun grenade fall at my feet, I told myself that it was time to flee. I ran, the grenade exploded and threw me under the ram. All members of the raid went on, they trampled me but it was the happiest pain of my life. I was safe. Just like my pal Jeff who I found later was alive.
Not for a second did I think either of them survived, considering the gunman was shooting people from the same floor not long after. Absolutely crazy.
[Oscar is ok as well.](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-11-16/australian-man-recounts-surviving-bataclan-attack-with-12yo-son/6942976)
Does anyone know if the injured man pictured in the video on the floor of the street getting his smart phone out survived?
Sebastian is a hero. He rescued that pregnant lady who was holding onto a ledge. Then almost got killed by the terrorist. I hope that he gets the Legion of Honour.
That made me tear up. Love stuff like this. Warms my heart. 
Wow, I couldn't stop thinking about this woman and her unborn baby all weekend. So glad to hear that she and her rescuer are well.
"All members of the raid went on, they trampled me but it was the happiest pain of my life. I was safe."

Man..I couldn't imagine...
Very relieved to know. Thanks for posting! 
 "We are here to make you undergo what the innocents suffer in Syria. You hear the cries of suffering?"

Yeah by people in ISIS you fucking retard
cool, the general consensus here was she probably got shot when the terrorist later shot from that same window. good news.
Reading his account of the gunmen preparing the hostages for further execution style slaughter, I didn't realize that the authorities helped stop what would have added to the death toll.
Immediately made my day better! Phenomenal news. 
I still can't wrap my head around shit like this happening,,          Horrible shit happens, but there's always helpers,  and that gives me hope.   To every asshole there's a bunch of helpers making it better..
Thanks for posting. That video really messed with my head so it's awesome to know there was some positive aspect of it all. 
So relieved she made it out. That baby will never realized how lucky it is!!
Oh gosh! I'm so glad they made it!! I've been thinking about this ever since I saw the video two days ago!
She lived!!! This is the best news I've read all day :) 
I seriously haven't been able to shake that woman dangling from the windowsill out of my mind and I'm so relieved that she's OK. 
Literally /r/UpliftingNews 
If you're ever in a situation where you're hanging from a height like this, what's the best way to minimize injuries? I assume just kind of try to crumple your legs and roll when you hit the ground? Should you push of the wall to make rolling easier or would that just make it way worse?
 This made me tear up a little, and that's not easy. This dude was still in the building and was very well facing his death in moments for all he knew, yet he still took the time to save this woman's life. That's fucking beautiful.
I watched this video just before my break ended at work the other day. Had to take a few minutes to gather myself before I went back out on the floor, it was so horrific to watch. Really glad that lady is alright, I was amazed she managed to hold on for so long.
I friggin' hate sites with auto-play videos. 
I'm so fucking glad that she made it!
She has amazing grip. No way could I hold on for that long. 
A great story. Thank you for sharing. 
Thank you!!
Happy to see she made it out safe. And her rescuer too! Happy news amidst a few days of bullshit. 
The day after the attacks I managed to see the video of someone helping the lady back up. I was very relieved.


Wonderful! So glad to hear she's ok. 
The thumbnail shows the guy who is being hunted for as the "mastermind" for the attacks, right?  Confusing!

The story is fantastic, though. Reminds me of the quote originating from Mr. Rogers's mother. Look for the helpers. 
Wow...I wondered what had happened to her after seeing the original video, I had no idea she was pregnant. 
So happy that she made it, hope her baby is ok and healthy. 
Yaaay she made it! I was hoping so. 
Made my week. Thanks!!
I'm so happy to hear she survived and was unharmed. 

In the same video, toward the end there is footage of an inured person laying just outside the door who pulled out their phone. Does anyone know if they survived?


Good. I was wondering what happened to her.
when i watched this on sunday I was SO glad when she got pulled in but wondered if she made it out alive. shes just a random girl in a video but im glad she is ok
I love the way the French people have ignored American media. Americans needs to understand French don't think like us. They are more private and don't give in to media and corporate pressure like TV shows and propaganda. They need their that private time to recuperate from such tragic event. Here in the America it's all about media exposure and what corporations can get out of, using sad events, using peoples emotions for viewership, clicks and profit. 
This is a story of a woman being lifted up in /r/upliftingnews

lolwut
Look for the helpers...
Here's a [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLShpUerT88) link because the OP website has the absolute shittiest, slowest, piece of crap video player I've ever seen.
Why did she hang from the window? Was she trying to hide or what? Sorry, I am just not understanding why she was there in the first place. 
I've seen that video of them dangling so I have a little perspective, but does anybody know how bad that fall would be? I have no clue about stuff like that. Looks like broken leg territory and not death territory. I might let go if I was the guy. Woman definitely shouldn't jump if she's pregnant 
Ha! Uplifting News. 
God bless him. !!  
Why can't I stop staring at Erica's nostrils???
I tried to watch the video but it just links you to an unrelated article :s
I'm wondering if this video works on phones
Does anyone know if the injured man pictured in the video on the floor of the street getting his smart phone out survived?
How the hell did she get there in the first place?
SHE MADE IT BOYS. 
Oh my god she survived. I thought she had died, I thought when she reentered the window they got her, they shot from there.

God I'm getting teary. I don't know why. I don't know this woman. Just one positive ending in this massacre I guess.
Totally thought this was an askreddit thread for a second...

"Pregnant women who dangled from Paris balconies of reddit..."
Why was she dangling there in the first place?
The reset of the story is theirs....( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Why does it matter that she was pregnant
[deleted]
Ok, so since no-one else is asking, I will... who's the asshole filming that filmed a pregnant women, waiting for her to fall to her death for several minutes without going to help her. I can understand not wanting to run headlong into machine gun fire, but he was willing to film her death? What a dick. You either go over there and help, or slink away in shame. You don't take advantage of the moment to up your Karma. 
Bring it around town 
Wait...which episode of spongebob? The thumb is from a scene where hes acting out a bunch of random things just to blow bubbles. 
"Some adults at the school said he deserves a medal but he said he doesn't need one." What a badass.
This is the biggest fuck you to the parents who didn't let their kids watch Spongebob growing up because they thought it was "stupid". 
Don't stand too close to a squirrel, Billy. You'll catch its stupid.
Jesus, can you imagine if your whole life was always "Autistic boy" this and "Autistic boy" that? 

Like, if it were me, every headline would be "Anxious woman gets college degree somehow," "Depressed woman holds down job like a normal person or something, is she magic?". "Former poor person does a nice thing against all odds".

Correct term is "Boy with Autism" if you even need to say it.
Why do they feel the need to make autism the defining characteristic of the child?  The article would not be any different if it read "Boy saves classmates life."

Hell if they are desperate for pageviews they could have just said "You won't believe how spongebob saved this childs life!"

But just declaring that this is a feat simply because one child had autism?  The fuck?  
Why does it matter if hes autistic? Wtf. People with autism arent idiots.
/r/upliftingnottheonion
Why is the boy being autistic relevant in any way here? Just wonderin'
Interestingly, [The same thing happened in 2010](http://nypost.com/2010/04/23/12-year-old-long-island-girl-saves-friend-with-move-she-learned-from-spongebob-square-pants/) and FYI it was when Squidward has his clarinet stuck in his throat
Kind of annoying almost no articles about the boy mention him by name, just "boy with autism". 
[Heimlich maneuver for anyone wondering.](http://i.imgur.com/grb0a9D.jpg)
This will probably get buried but back in 2010 a NY 7th grader did the same thing and saved her classmate with the heimlich learned from SpongeBob but since no one knew about Reddit back then, no one gave a shit.

http://abcnews.go.com/US/video/spongebob-squarepants-credited-in-heimlich-rescue-10456361
I like how the entire article fit into the headline lol 
&gt;Some adults at the school said he deserves a medal but he said he doesn't need one.

He deserves a medal for saying that
I know I'm not supposed to be negative here, but I'd like to point out that misplacing your hands during a Heimlich manouvre can cause injury to the person you are trying to save. But I suppose it's always a good thing when help is offered right away when needed.
I remember one of my friends in gradeschool was choking on a chicken nugget and my other friend got up and did what he saw in the movie Mrs. Doubtfire (i think thats how you spell it) and saved his life. Soon after there was a media frenzy at school and the school even held an assembly to give them each a $300 gift card to Toys R Us.  

At the time, i was PISSED because i didnt get shit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDO11CFeR-o

Porous Pockets Episode per the video
A Hispanic girl that I used to work with learned how to speak English from watching spongebob.
&gt; Some adults at the school said he deserves a medal but he said he doesn't need one.

Like a boss. Respect.
Thought this was /r/subredditsimulator for a minute
Not the first time its happened! 
http://youtu.be/5Pr9-lP_Kbo
Well I guess an apple a day **doesn't** keep the doctor away after all.
When did Spongebob do the heimlich maneuver? 
You've got to loop de loop and pull... I dont know how to do the heimlich maneuver.
Uhh...uhh, I know what to do, but I should wash my hands first.
We now use the term "abdominal thrust" because Heimlich went off the deep end and became a quack.
I don't mean to be "that guy" but if you can scream, you aren't choking enough to merit use of the Heimlich maneuver... 
I remember hearing a story exactly like this like 2 years ago. Crazy that this situation would ever happen more than once
[Apparently someone else also saved a choking classmate because of Spongebob](http://abcnews.go.com/US/video/spongebob-squarepants-credited-in-heimlich-rescue-10456361)
This has also happened as a result of the Simpsons, one boy remembered a blink-and-you'll-miss-it background joke, which was a poster showing a lobster flying out of a guy's mouth as he's saved with the Heimlich. He replicated the general picture from memory and saved his classmate.
I read this as  "autistic boy checkmates classmate with the  heimlich maneuver. 
Just reading the title made my day. Cartoons save lives CONFIRMED!
Why does it matter if hes autistic? Wtf. People with autism arent idiots.
What a coincidence, I choked a kid, which I learned from Homer Simpson
Girls response : "I have a boyfriend!"
This happened to me when I was 10 or so. Saved my cousin from choking after seeing it on the sitcom ALF. He was shooting out dinner rolls by heimlich-ing himself.
When Spongebob knows the Heimlich maneuver but can't even get his license....
Hopefully no one in his class has back problems because spongebob's method might be considered a bit extreme...
He was ready.
The Heimlich manoeuvre is not actually recommended as a treatment for choking, where I come from anyway. 
is mayonnaise an instrument? 
Haha that's awesome 
#spongebobsaveslives
Not the first time Spongebob knowledge has saved a life.
I saved some guy at a bus stop who was choking on a sandwich by mimicking what Mrs Doubtfire did to Pierce Brosnans character. Fucking worked!
Lol
[deleted]
I love how many people on reddit are sponge bob enthusiast, or at least know  a lot about sponge bob. Is it because you all grew up watching sponge bob, you let your kids watch sponge bob, or your older than 25 and just watch sponge bob from time to time, like me?
The weird thing is that I'm watching the first Spongebob movie right now. 
[You may all be joking about Spongebob saves lives, but this isn't actually the first time something like this happened](http://www.today.com/id/36735214/ns/today-today_entertainment/t/spongebob-episode-aids-choking-girl/)
I bet he makes one hell of a crabby pattie too!
Good thing it wasn't Larry the lobster's CPR
WHAT I LEARNED IN SPONGEBOB IS
this happened before
FINLAND!
I learned it from [Eddie Izzard](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itordNWNRM8). I don't think I'm qualified.
You know, a lot of parents I meet (I have kids) hate on SpongeBob, but I think it's a modern masterpiece of cartooning

This further reinforces everything I love about it. 
just curious is there any way to do this to yourself if you're choking and alone? thats like.. one of my irrational phobias, that i'd be on the computer late at night eating and accidentally inhale food instead of swallowing, is there a protocol of what to do in that case?
I'll have you know...I only assumed this was a meme due to the thumbnail 3 times.
Bring it around town 
If you ever are choking when you're alone [this is the best way to save your own life](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iz8M0UTkvSU).  I looked it up once when I was choking on some food but fortunately I coughed it up before I needed to do this, but I think everyone should watch the video just in case.
Lol
Please also remember of the average boy that saved himself and his sister with his World of Warcraft skills. 

From the [Article](https://www.nextnature.net/2010/05/norwegian-boy-saves-sister-from-moose-attack-with-world-of-warcraft-skills/): 

" When the moose attacked them, Hans knew the first thing he had to do was ‘taunt’ and provoke the animal so that it would leave his sister alone and she could run to safety. ‘Taunting’ is a move one uses in World of Warcraft to get monsters off of the less-well-armored team members.

Once Hans was a target, he remembered another skill he had picked up at level 30 in ‘World of Warcraft’ – he feigned death. The moose lost interest in the inanimate boy and wandered off into the woods. When he was safely alone Hans ran back home to share his tale of video game-inspired survival. "
I expected to see the sponge Bob episode
doubleswee

If I were the boy's father I'd be so proud of him.
as much as i like the news and i know shes happy and all

but he clearly doesn't like being hugged, so just say thanks and do it once and ok.
I am asking an honest question, because I would like this done at schools. But why did the teacher not do it? 
Tv is teaching kids more valuable things than their teachers are
This is why I love Boogie
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/09/09/1410277215922_wps_2_DeMarcus_Cousins_tweet_2_.jpg
The awful part is that Boogie wanted it to be anonymous, it is sad that people didn't fulfill his request. He just wanted to do something good without taking attention from the teen. 
A lot of people would Love to see him leave sac. But as a LONG TIME Kings fan, I have come to believe he loves this city and its people as much as he loves the game. He's a Sac Town Icon. #LONGLIVEBOOGIE
For some background this is the same high school that Shaq Thompson (Panthers 2015 1st round pick), Donte Stallworth, and Onterrio Smith (The Whizzinator guy) all came from. 
Gotta love the Boogie Man!!! 
Loved Boogie when he was at Kentucky. Definitely one of those players that if he's on the other team he's insufferable, but if he's yours he's a fav. We have a lot of one-and-dones at Kentucky, and honestly I don't get very attached to most of them...But with Cousins I still have a soft spot for him. 
I've spent a lot of time shaking my head at Cousins' antics in the NBA, so seeing this is really nice. We mock athletes a lot of the time, but they often do incredibly kind things, too. Good for you, Boogie!
Such a tragedy but what a great gesture. 
Now teens are going to be gunning each other down to get free funerals.
Such a nice guy. I always thought he was a brat in his rookie year but he has certainly got his act together now. 
He's also really good at basketball.
Go Big Blue!
I live in sac, and I didn't know Jaulon, but I have friends who knew him. It's always stupid and tragic when stuff like this happens. Thank you Boogie for staying loyal and helping out my community. Go Kings
I wonder why?
Cousins wanted to keep his donation anonymous. Albeit, I like knowing that Boogie is a good guy, I'm still heavily irritated by the fact they couldn't respect his wishes.
People really give this guy a hard time and I remember, yeah he's had attitude problems. This donation was anonymous showing he's not trying to get good media attention. Cousins is a great center and I think he's a great guy. Sometimes spotlight pressure can get to people, but I hope this dude wins a championship someday. 

Thanks for donating the funds to this family for their sons funeral. 
/r/sacramento
Demarcus is deman. He really goes dedistance for dekids.
Sacramento Strong.
I think it should be emphasised that he preferred to keep it on the down low but it was the mayor (?) who actually announced it.
I came graduated from my this high-school in 2014, it truely is a tragedy.
The world has gotten pretty messed up, what with Paris, if a teen gunned down seems... small to me somehow, even though I know it shouldn't. At least Cousins is working to make it a better place, if in small steps.
Go kings 
But why do we refer to them as the relatives of some NBA player?  Why not just use their actual names?
What a great guy
I get it's a nice deed to pay for the funeral. But a gunned down teenager is not uplifting news
It's sad but another black on black crime where a young black man dies over stupid shit.  The fact is that is the common theme in these cities.  
You da real MVP
He's also really good at basketball.
Is this actually uplifting news? 
His homie shot him. Did the right thing. 
Wow, his cousins must be rich. 
I heard it was two teens gunned down before their Varisty football game they were going to play that night.  How fucking sad.
Respect.
Oh what a noble act. 
This is not fucking uplifting!! This is a silver lining on a horrible tragedy. 
Boogie=awesome
The kid was shot in the neck with three over kids inn the car with him.  He bled out all over them while he frantically slapped at his neck in a futile attempt to slow blood loss.  He bled out right in front of his three helpless friends.
Boogie=awesome
Maybe the young man is starting to grow up? 
Well done. A small gesture by one man but meaningful and symbolic. I hope many others will follow his example.
Gunned down by a cop I'm guessing.
Now teens are going to be gunning each other down to get free funerals.
Such a class act!
Why are the funerals profiting from peoples' deaths?
Ironically uplifting
He's also really good at basketball.
Thannks, Demarcus Cousins PR agent.

This cancels out the screaming at his coach thing last week right?
This is just about the least uplifting news ever.  I mean, "local teenager gunned down" is right in the fucking title.
*class act*
Never in his life would he do this is the kid was white.
Average funeral cost : $8000

Demarcus Cousins' estimated net worth : $65,000,000.

$8000 / $65,000,000 = front page. Fuckin hats off. 
That's great and all but if u need your good deeds to be broadcasted, then the reason yiu are doing them seems like it's for yourself and not those you are helping. 
It's always nice to see someone highly overpaid do something to show they deserve it
That will be nothing compared to the endorsements he'll get after this "public offer.". If he wanted to be anonymous he could have done that through his agent/lawyer.


Nice try. And i'm sorry to be blunt but nowadays...
Why are the funerals profiting from peoples' deaths?
I'll just bet the deceased is black. Whites don't need black largesse I suppose.
I hate to be a buzzkill. But this is probably just a PR move considering how the media has been shitting on him lately 
Hearing this makes me sad, because he went to Israel and he supports that bigot Casspi who said that Palestine deserved to be bombed.

Awesome but fuck this guy.
Thannks, Demarcus Cousins PR agent.

This cancels out the screaming at his coach thing last week right?
I hope the people commenting on this read the article. The reason the man donated his money was because he became a recluse due to losing his vision himself, and died alone in his home, his body not discovered for days, because he couldn't function losing his vision.

It's actually a tragic story. Charities supporting visually impaired people do not receive the same kind of funding as cancer charities, make a wish, etc. But they need it! They can do so much to help people. The unemployment rate for blind people is over 50%! My boyfriend is included in those. It's very tragic and they need help.
That's really nice of him, however referees are already salaried employees.
They did not see it coming.
In all likelihood they won't see a dime of it. 
Why was so much of that story about the guy who ran the place that got the donation
Very inspiring.
Lighthouse for the Blind does some great work with visually impaired children in the Chicago land area, "summer in the City". My sister frequently took summer trips and made life long friends through these trips. They offer great network and support groups. I'm glad this organization was given a generous donation as well as a beautifully written story about coming out. 

As a member of the blind community, there are several of us that need to accept and come out as blind, me being one of them. Though I'm still in denial as I am considered a 'partial'. It's almost like being bisexual...Like you're not completely blind but you're not the best at seeing either. I was not allowed to go to summer camp sponsored by Lighthouse with my sister because I was a high functioning partial. I've been damned to the fence for so long, I've accepted the fact I never belonged with the blind children nor with the full-sighted children. 
Isn't it vision impaired? Visually impaired would just mean they're ugly.
He is a great man. You'll see, you'll all see. 
Wow. I really didn't see that coming. 
Too bad he chose to be a recluse, he probably could have lived a happy life with medical attention for his heart and had the opportunity to help in life. 
What does this title say?
"In May, Sirkin's daughter Anna sued her father's estate. Her complaint says that her father hit her and touched her sexually. She says this happened dozens of times."  Not completely uplifting then. I don't know how to feel :(
Does anyone have a link to the Braille version of this story?  Thanks.
I wonder if there are two Dennis and Dee yelling at a lawyer somewhere for this.
I think when I die I'm going to do the same thing. 
A man has pleased the many-faced god.
What is the distribution of money?  Hoping for a Visual Snow cure here.
"A man"
Hey it's me. Ur visually impaired brother.
Bet they didn't see that coming. 
His children were quoted as saying "we never saw it coming."
Incredible story! would love to make a first person drama reenactment. someone get me in touch with someone who has the budget!
Didn't see that coming 
This thread has too many annoying puns.
and of course that money never gonna be seen by that organization
+/u/User_Simulator /u/LeftLegCemetary
I bet the visually impaired didn't see that coming..

I'll let myself out. 
VPs of that charity collect 120 million......5 million might go to research over 10 years. 
Is there any way I can get verification that they saw the money?
at least kaepernick is getting SOME money

I'm blind as a muthafucka. Throw some this way. Now that that's over, this guy is a saint.
They'll never see a cent of that money.
Just waiting on the jealous family to try and claim the money for themselves in court...
Bet you didn't see that coming. 
OMG A dude leaves money to do something good and people can't just appreciate it. Your just bitching about your agenda. This guy did something truly good. How much money have YOU given
I, too, just discovered "The Leap" podcast. Great episode about this. 
I read the title in the style of Jaqen H'ghar. 
I bet they'll never see a penny of it.
Title sounds like a set-up for a joke
I bet they didn't see that coming
Its sad he wont get to see the benefits of his actions. Thats why its best to give while you are alive. And its worth more because you were not giving left overs.
I'm wondering why more funds aren't put into getting rid of glasses and contact lenses for the visually impaired, through eye surgery. With how far technology has advanced over the past 25 years or so, you'd think we'd be able to eradicate most near/far sided eye problems for people. Even if they have an astigmatism, most eyes can be fixed with today's lasik or alternative surgeries. The only problem is the cost. About $800-$2k average per eye and the fact that eye insurance is usually completely separate from a normal healthcare plan says that it's not really being taken seriously. My poor eye sight is a health problem and therefore insurance should cover surgery, but since it's not considered a real health issue according to the insurance company, I'm forced to pay out-of-pocket.
Sadly, due to issues with the estate, they'll never see a dime of that money.
He donates $125 million but we can't even put his name in the title instead of just "A man". Lol.
His family never saw this coming. 
Because of taxes they won't see a penny 
Don't spend the money blindly!
The big question now is will they find it.
I bet the majority of them won't see a penny though.
I did not see that coming.
Weird, I have seen any of it.
I'm also wearing glasses :)
100 quid will do
I bet they didn't see that coming 
I wear glasses. Please pay my student loans.
I can see how that would be helpful
what does the link say?  I don't have my internet reader.
Font's too small, can't read.
I, too, just discovered "The Leap" podcast. Great episode about this. 
They didn't even see it coming
too bad they wont ever see that money...
didn't see that one coming 
does this pay for my lasik?
I bet they didn't see that comin
It's all fun and games until someone gets an eye poked out.
The ironic part was he thought he was writing a check for $125 not 125 MILLION bucks
Hopefully they will see it go to good use. Want to make sure it's handed over properly... Cross the 't' s and dot the... Lower case 'j' s
Bet they didn't see that coming.
Hey its me ur blind uncle
Didn't see that coming! 
Was it in a blind trust?
they'll never see a dime
The way this is phrased makes it seem like the setup to a joke. 
Please send some for the colored blind! #SaveTheColoredBlind
I suddenly can't see very well
I didn't see this coming 
What if, rather than accumulating that much wealth, he had just paid a fraction of it for his employees to have healthcare, instead.

[edit]Apparently the guy was an insurance salesman, smh.
I did nazi that coming.

Wait, this isnt a pun thread.
How greedy. Here I am with a phone that's already two generations old, no way I can afford the new iPhone 6S Plus that I've been wanting, and probably wont' get it form my parents for Christmas. And he gives money to people who can't even see the screen of an iPhone, might as well give them a flip phone instead. How much does that cost? Not $125M. So stupid.
How will they find it? 
Do you think they'll ever see any of it?
...but they'll never see a dime of it. 
I dont see why people even attempt to be super rich now. Majority of the people are jealous of them and they are easy targets for SJW types. They probably pay 100 times more just to avoid all the pitch fork yielding peasants poking them in the ass with half baked ideas supported by some recent study posted on social media website. On the other hand, the super rich are not exactly all Einsteins to support the income disparity. Things probably worked at the right time.  
He probably told them it was 300 million tho.
*"Rocks have emotions too, you know?"*  
\- Geologist
The Rock really likes dogs, as you can tell by his love for his Frenchies. People are complaining that this is an insignificant amount for him to donate, but that's probably all the dog in question needed. It's not like he can give this dog a ton of cash so it can get a new car.
I smell what the Rock is cooking!

…it's onions

ಥ﹏ಥ 
If you cant be rich and save puppies with your money then whats the point.
He recently got two puppies and one died very shortly after.    

Feels.

Never wished harder that my student loan debt was an abandoned puppy. *Sigh*
celebs who donate too much "they're doing it for publicity", "they have millions left", vs celebs who don't donate *enough*; "omg its so little", "they didn't donate enough", "they still have millions left".

holy smokes, what does it take to please you people, we should be happy that he is willing to donate (for whatever reason/for whatever amount), not demean his actions. 
Dwayne lost his french bulldog a few weeks ago. Peace to this guy
theres a reason hes the peoples champ
The Rock is the ultimate good guy. 

If ya smell.......
Also MichelleTrachtenberg was the one who got involved first and made the Rock aware of it.
The Great One.
For a sub called "uplifting news" there's a lot of people bitching about how he "only" donated $1500. That's still $1500 more than most people on this sub have ever donated
I went to elementary school with Dwane. Rocky Johnson's boy. He was big as hell in the 6th grade but nice. A really nice kid.
Jesus fucking christ you people are despicable. Do you not see what sub you're in? Yet you come in here and shit all over it because The Rock is rich or the dog was sick or kids in Africa. 

You're supposed to come in and politely clap and mention how the dog is cute. Not dissect the worth of someone's charitable contribution or decide the dog probably should have been euthanized. 

Goddamn. 
I've never heard bad word about him. Meet him in person and he's polite and humble.
My cat is a rescue, he was found with barbed wire wrapped around his shoulder and needed surgery. He definitely lived the thug life, he was given to us because he beat up all the other cats at his old home. So his name is Rocky.
Everything I've ever heard about this guy, leads me to believe. He is just an all around good guy and regular dude, who happened to make it big.
the idea of a human wrapping a wire around a dog's mouth makes me want to go on a fucking rampage
Dwayne Johnson is awesome and Ballers is a really good show.
I wanted to dislike The Rock but I can't.
A standup guy. Although I like the way Michelle Trachenberg tweets The Rock to help but doesn't even donate herself.
He seriously seems like a genuinely good guy. He does so much for his fans, etc.

More than I can say about a lot of the people complaining in here...
Celebrities should all go to shelters and do auto graph signing for anyone willing to adopt pets 
I follow Dwayne's instagram profile and he is a real Gym freak and a Dog-lover. He has certainly won hearts of his fans after this generous behaviour. We are proud of you Rock! We can smell what the Rock's cookin'!
but the surgery cost $3000. why wouldn't he pay for it all? it's not like he can't afford it. i find the gesture nice, but not that nice.
Not trying to discredit his donation but $1500 to The Rock is about 50k to many people, and definitely does not deserve a people magazine article. The article probably generated 10x that in ad revenue. 
Mark Zuckerberg is donating 99% of his facebook shares to charity...
1500$? Is that really worth a news? I mean good for him, and the puppy, but even if a non celibrity would donate that much money it wouldn't really... lift me up...
I was gonna say "He's a multi-millionaire, so what if he donated 1500 dollars?"

Then I realized that good deeds are good deeds, regardless of how much money the person who did the good deed makes, and I am a jerk.
"Actress Michelle Trachtenberg tipped Johnson in a tweet last week that the ailing puppy — named Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson — was in desperate need of financial aid"
I don't understand. Michelle learns about this ailing dog and goes on Twitter and asks for help cuz she doesn't want to spend any of her Hollywood money and pay the dog's $1,500 medical bill? 
He's the Puppy's Champion!
&gt;any average American donates far less than $1 to save a puppy's life

FTFY
Same thing all over middle east. No wonder!
This guy does a lot of good with the money he makes.  But he also makes about 20 mil a movie. 
The Rock is gonna get so many begging tweets and mails after this. 
Very kind gesture on his part! He seems to be a good person and we have been entertained well by his movies too! 
Here's a question: why didn't Michelle Trachetenberg, an actress who makes a pretty tidy sum of money, just do something herself instead of leaving it to someone else to do the good deed? 

&amp;nbsp;

Good on The Rock; bad on Trachetenberg. 
I did the math for fun.

Given his net worth of $125,000,000 [(source) ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsZE6uSpmJ4)and the median net worth of Americans under 35 of $6,676 [(source).](http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2015/05/17/americans-average-net-worth-by-age-how-do-you-comp.aspx\))

His $1,500 donation is the same percentage of his net worth as $0.08 would be to the median American under 35.

I would also assume the PR more than pays for itself.

edit: The net worth comes from the description of the youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsZE6uSpmJ4 Both sources were the first Google result.
In the end THE ROCK saves the day :D
The Rock is the softest rock I know!



Still wouldn't throw it though... would break my hand!
There are to many self indulget rich and famous assholes. I'm glad we have The Rock.
And here comes The Rock being a total badass yet again....

god dammit why are you so perfect Dwayne? 

I was going strong in that article until I got to "ate a poisonous mushroom" and had to stop to play, recite and dance to Vanilla Ice.
lol sweet jesus he's like a real life superhero.
It should be noted that the amount of money he donated was to pay a life-saving surgery for the dog.
The rock has become one of my favorite fucking people
Amen.
awwwwwwwwwwwww. this made my day!!  i have to say I feel a bit differently about the Rock now, he sounds like a good guy
Man, this is the guy who entertained me as a teen for years as "The Rock." Think about that. Smackdown during its good years. Him versus the McMahon-Helmsley faction. Shooting promos, beating ass, and getting huge pops.
Love you Dwayne, Rock body, soft heart.  
I mean, that's awesome. But $1500 is pennies to him. Still pretty sweet though. 
I just want to live in his shirt pocket
Im gonna name my debt after him and miss treat it, in hopes that it too will be saved...
This guy does a lot of good with the money he makes.  But he also makes about 20 mil a movie. 
FYI he makes in between 1,000,000 and 2,000,000 a year.
1500 dollars could save some humans lives. But who needs humans?
Rock is beautiful
$1500 to the Rock is only like $747,586 to bill gates, so yeah not a lot of money.
Then proceeds to take another $1500 and wipe his ass with it. 
He keeps popping up on here doing really nice stuff. Must be hiding something
That's like me giving 25cents to save a puppy too 
When you got a couple million, or tens of millions in the bank account, $1,500 is a drop in the bucket. He's just buying feel goods. Super selfish if you ask me! Ahaha, but I'm sure that puppy is forever grateful. 
Sooooo... name all sick homeless animals after rich awesome celebrities, retweet the shit out of their plea cases, and bam! Life saving surgeries for all! Logic!
Rocky is such a fucking legend. 
This made me ridiculously happy.
Do chicks find this guy hot
If you think about it, $1,500 is not a lot of money at all to the Rock. That's gotta be like 15 cents to the average human. And I would spend 15 cents on a puppy
thats like me donating $5 
How much do you think his coffee table costs? $1,500 isn't anything to get excited about when you're Dwane fucking Johnson.
Between The Rock and Cena, WWE does more for America and the World than the US Congress.
Dudes worth $125,000,000 the average U.S. family at his age is worth about $125,000. This is the equivalent of your average Joe giving a $1.50, Hardly news worthy.
I actually find this pretty depressing. That money could have saved many lives, and there is already an overpopulation of healthy-but-unwanted dogs.
The US euthanized 1.2 **million** dogs EVERY single year. The majority are euthanized because there simply are not enough households to put them in. 

Why spend 1500 giving an abandoned dying dog surgery when there are a dozen perfectly healthy abandoned dogs in the next room that are going to get executed.

Neutering campaigns, laws regulating breeding, and campaigns encouraging people to adopt save dog lives. Everything else is feel good pulp that does next to nothing.
They could have put the puppy down and saved 7 kids in africa...
Rock bottomed those vet fees..

Why save the pup?

It doesn't matter..!!!
Only $1500? What a greedy one-percenter! Fuck the rich! Occupy Bro!
Equivalent of 25cents for him
All I gotta do is name my dog Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson (or at least pretend that's his name) and if he ever gets sick, maybe The Rock will pay for my dog's operation too. It's like free health insurance.
pennies to him

So you mean he donated a penny? because thats what 1500 dollars is to him, Have him donate 50,000 to animal welfare charities then ill be impressed. not saving one dog
He still can't do a decent AMA.
Why doesn't he just ADOPT THE DOG?

EDIT: oh he donated money for surgery... Thats nice of him.

But surely The Rock needs a dog called the Rock. Hell! He could call him pebble!
I wonder how many people's life this money could save in third world country...
which was still a fraction of the required amount
$1,500? Such generosity much goodness. And if any of The Stone's publicists on reddit are reading this, suck on my salty nutsack.
Well... the operation cost more than what he donated, and seeing as he's worth over 100 million I don't understand why he wouldn't contribute the full amount. 
Meanwhile Zuckerberg donates like 30 millions times that. 
Maybe he could donate for more meaningful things
That's like $0.15 to the rest of us lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k1xY7v8dDQ
who the hell is Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson?
Does he have a movie coming out?  Get ready for "the rock is such a cool guy" posts.  At least it's not Bill Murray garbage.
thats pretty patethic, sure its a nice thing to do, but why the fuck praise someone who gave away practically nothing to save a puppy? mark zuckerburg just donated 45 billions to charity, thats impressive, not this.
Him giving that money is equivalent of the average American giving (approximately) 18 cents to charity.

Yeh, that puts it in perspective. It's actually worse since I was calculating based on savings (net worth for him) and income, where I should have been comparing EXPENDABLE or LUXURY income, where it would be far below 1 cent.

I mean yeah, it's still a nice thing, but if we want to be rational we will see that you giving 20c to a homeless man on your way home deserves more upvotes.
This is nice and all, but it's comparative to one of us giving 50 cents to aspca. 
Wow! 1500 $? That's so generous. Call Akon and tell him the 150.000.000 $ for water in Africa won't matter. 
I'm not trying to bash the quality of the deed or anything, but $1500 for someone with as much wealth as he must have really isn't much. I mean, proportionally him giving $1500 to save a puppy isn't much more nobel than if I gave $2 to a homeless man. I also understand that he loves dog and lost one of his recently, but all in all it seems more like a publicity stunt than a genuinely good deed.
This is bullshit news though. 
That's like...  1 hour of pay for him? If I were to donate $18 No one would Care
what a waste of money. 
Correlate this to his estimated wealth of 31.5 Million and the wealth of an average middle class american of 45000.

His 1500 are like 2 dollars to an middle class american.

Where are all the news and articles about their donations?
This makes the news? A measly $1,500? His publicity team must be costing him a pretty penny. 
But $1,500 is nothing to him...

Edit: sorry, I deserve the downvotes
[deleted]
Like, a penny to him. I've rescued over 40 dogs at around 10k in cost to me and when I do it I don't eat for a while cause I'm broke, this rich asshole does it once and he's a hero? Give me a break 
$1,500? Call me when it's 99% of his capital.
[deleted]
So, if I threaten to kill a puppy unless Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson gives me money? That works?
you could save an abandoned person with that money
Didn't the Bengals let this guy stay on the practice squad or something so he could keep medical benefits? I might be mixing stories but if so I'm glad to see a happy outcome (it's a happy outcome regardless, just not sure if it's the same guy/story) 

EDIT:  Bengals/bangles
I had a cousin who was diagnosed with stage 4 neuroblastoma and they told my aunt that he wouldn't live past 1 years old.  He's been in remission since he was 4, and currently he is 16 and learning how to play the guitar.  Glad to see more cases that are similar!
That is awesome! [Btw one of the best speeches I heard in a long time, from the ESPY's this year.](http://abcnews.go.com/Sports/espys-2015-devon-leah-honored-jimmy-perseverance-award/story?id=32481868)
People love to hate on famous people but Devon was an awesome father before he was famous. If you don't know the story of him and Leah, it's a great story. While still in college be would brag about which teammates changed diapers the best. He loves this kid with everything he has and they've earned this. I'm so glad to hear this story and hope there are many more to follow.
What is also awesome is that the Bengals donated the proceeds of Stills jersey sales to pediatric cancer research.  It wound up be the most sold jersey in the nfl that year.  I am a Giants fan that has a Stills jersey in my closet.
this news really made me smile on a tough day :) .. I only wish to be a loving dedicated father like Devon Still when I have kids. His heart stretched around the world. 
Fuck yes!
This makes me so happy.  Leah's story really touched me when I was watching the ESPYs this past year.  Such great news.
What treatment did they use? this is the first time I've seen this go into remission. 
With everything going on lately, this is so damn awesome.
upon initially reading this I thought "he's still announcing this?" 
Awesome story once I noticed Still was Still and not still. 
Great news considering how bad neuroblastoma is, that kid is figher!
Awesome news! 
YEY!
I am so happy your daughters health is returning!
The best news!
What is the difference between this and Geoblastoma? (Spelling?)
His last name mindfucked me for a while lol
I bumped into him once and had a short conversation when we were both students at Penn State. Super nice guy in person too!
Awesome news.
Great news! Glad to see something actually uplifting in here for a change.
Let me tell you what Melba Toast is packing right here. I've got four-eleven positrack out back. Seven-fifty double pumper. Edelbrock intake, bored over thirty, eleven to one pop up pistons. Stage 4 Neuro Blastoma with Turbo jet, three ninety horse power. We're talking some fucking muscle.
I read this like

"Former Bengals DT Devon, still announces his daughter... in remission [even though she really died]"
That's awesome. Did I also hear it right saying the kid donated $1500? Birthday money inflation has really risen!
imagine the irony when this exact dog is the reason for this exact kid's marijuana arrest in the future
Here in Quebec we have Togo. They rescue dogs and train em to be service dogs. They are just starting but I really wish they take the place of the big company we have right now, which is a backyard breeder that over produce dogs with health issues and they treat poorly the dogs in training... I really want Togo to take their place. Togo have positive training and save lives. 
Gotta fetch a link later so you can all see how great they are!

Edit ; here is the link (sorry it is in french) http://www.leschienstogo.com/
This is awesome! I'm glad the police force is also allowing him to spend time with the officers. Hopefully this little guys dreams come true and he becomes a police officer 
Wait, I think I am just realising that K-9 sounds like 'Canine'. Is this on purpose?
One of the local rescues in my city is trying to raise funds for something similar! She's a pit bull and she's been invited to participate in training for animal planet! They need $4k to send her. If anyone would rather spend their "black friday" money helping a dog, please think about donating: https://www.tilt.com/tilts/dottie-a-pit-bull-on-a-mission
You know there are times when I really hate growing up in Iowa, but then there are times when I'm just so glad I did. This is one of the times. I feel that we are some of the most generous and nicest people around. We smile at strangers on the street and wish them a good day, and when we want to give to a charity or organization we give as much as possible. 
That dog should have pulled himself up by his bootstraps, not taken handouts 
That's pretty spacial.
Why did I imagine Rick Grimes saying that last sentence to the boy...
I've always wondered: why is it K-9 and not canine? Is it just for extra coolness?
Oh good he's trained to find drugs too! They can pay the kid back with all the money and goods they seize.
Mom is hawt as fuck. 
Sounds nice, to bad k9 units are an obvious scam for police to search who ever they feel. Train the dog to take sit by doors and trunks whether they smell anything or not. This has happened to me twice and they never found shit, just wasted my time.
Wait what? don't they need to be raised from puppies?
what if the pooch didnt want to join and was a pacisifit? 
Saved a dog! +1!

...turned it into a cop! -1.

It's a dog. It didn't dream of growing up and being a cop dog one day, all it wants is someone to throw the stick and show up with a ribeye (or at least the good brand of dog food). Not sure how I feel about this, the kid isn't even taking responsibility for the dog, he's just writing a check, effectively, to the local police force. Not my charity of choice.
I think citys and communities should do this more often. Instead of buying dogs from a breeder, why no catch dogs from the street or animal shelters. Not only in the police also firefighters, theraphy in Hospitals/for Children. Blind dogs. City would have less capacity problems in shelters and they can get dogs "cheap" for service ... win win 
Loved the Matthew McConaughey bit at the end...
This pooch is a first class cutie
[Yeah... I've seen some shit...](http://imgur.com/ww3Q0Y3)
Donated his piggy bank so they can take mine...  still a thoughtful gesture. Hats off to this kid
I liked this better when I misread it as "birthday monkey"
I not too long ago joined a search and rescue team and am a dog handler, having trained working dogs for 8 years. Most missing kid cases aren't done by the actual police k9's at all. The search and rescue dogs that will find your kid, or are deployed for natural disasters and all other things, are all handled by volunteers. We spend years in training ourselves and dogs to do this. I have the utmost respect for some of the people I work with. My team leader spends upwards of 30 hours a week training and will get up at any time of day or night to drop everything when that call comes. Going into the woods, or onto a collapsed building to do whatever they can, not knowing what state the missing person is in when they find them. It's much more than just finding people, it's also being able to react as a first responder and helping to get them out of certain situations safely. 

To everyone inspired by this boy's actions, I would just like to say that there are great local and national teams and organizations that could use your donation better than the police force. These donations go towards gear for the dogs and handler, so that they can carry out their work in safe conditions. Most of the costs come out of the pockets of the volunteers themselves. A lot of these animals are rescues as well, coming from either shelters or breed specific rescues. Oh, and we won't rat you out when you have weed in your pocket. My dog is just more focused on finding you and getting you out of that ravine instead. 
Oh good he's trained to find drugs too! They can pay the kid back with all the money and goods they seize.
Someone needs to tell that kid that the government seizes billions of dollars from citizens through the Civil Asset Forfeiture program. Government doesn't need this kid's money after stealing from it's own citizens on a daily basis.

Kid is literally throwing his money away.
Think you can escape paying for education for a wage-less job, *just* because you're a dog? Think again.
Oh my god. My allergies.... Terrible time of year for allergies.
awesome what a great kid!
That's a very sweet gesture
Kid used his life savings to turn his dog into a narc! Let the play ground beatings commence. 
this should read "rich parents donates U$1,500.00 on behalf of 5 year old son". this is stupid.
K-9 units are a complete waste of money. All they do is needlessly escalate violence, attack innocent people, and create an excuse to conduct warrantless searches without cause.

That kid just directly supported police brutality. 
this should read "rich parents donates U$1,500.00 on behalf of 5 year old son". this is stupid.
Charity. Makes my heart melt... And my eyes melt. 
/r/stupid
Yeah, no, thats the parents doing, the kid is far too young to have this kind of ideas..
Because this dog made it, another dog will be deprived and go to the pound.
Oh yeah, because the cops need another dog to signal on command.

The only thing I would donate to a cop is a bullet, and they might not even be worth that.
[deleted]
I think the dog should be given a choice if it wanted to work.  If I was a dog I'd be lazy. In reality the kid is really selfish. #showerthoughts
"kid forced by parents to give birthday money to dog so they can look good" FTFY.
What's up with all these single moms doing stuff to try to get themselves closer to police to land a husband?
Welcome to Iowa. We rock.
"Muslims taking money from a defenseless child?! These people are truly sick."
Wow, there is so much hate in this thread. Everyone here seems so salty. I came here for some uplifting news but now I'm leaving just shaking my head feeling completely defeated by how nasty everyone in here is being. I'm not sure if it's because this article has to do with Muslims or what but there's some pretty obviously racist and xenophobic remarks being thrown around and I feel so sorry for every one of them.
I can't help but laugh about the poorly positioned shot showing NEUTER | VACCINATE on the window next to the entrance haha.

Edit: http://imgur.com/2StYGd3
I know there's a lot of discussion and assumptions about whether or not this story is genuine, but I think we need to look at the bigger picture. This is exactly the sort of thing that needs to happen to undermine ISIS's goals. 

ISIS isn't committing these crimes because they're trying to punish the west. They're not trying to further Allah's will, and they don't think they can actually defeat the western powers. It's not about that- not for the people that are actually planning the attacks and leading the terrorist organization. It's about separation and financing. 

Every time they commit a very visible act of terror, they gain 'street cred' that translates into actual cash from their financial backers. The more they're in the news, the more attractive they look to those that support their cause and have money. But they really want the backlash. 

Remember the US, post 9/11? Innocent Muslims were afraid. Some were being targeted and discriminated against. The western world was banding together against Al Qaeda, but many Muslims were left out. 

It's probably hard to do, but imagine being in that position. You've lived in a country for your entire life, but suddenly you're treated like the enemy. That's when someone comes up to you and says, "see how they treat you? The west doesn't care about you. Did you see them mourning when US air strikes killed your fellow Muslims? They don't care about us- they want to kill us. We need to stick together!" 

(Yes, I know I conflated my radicalization messages, but it was a little easier that way)

ISIS wants to create and expand a wedge between moderate Muslims and the western world. They want Muslims outside of the middle east to feel like outsiders, and many already do. But when people break down those barriers with acts of kindness (even if it is played up by the media), the recruiting and radicalization efforts become much less effective. 

We can't play into the ISIS narrative. Whether we like it or not, we're a part of their recruiting message- and many of us are serving as examples that are used by them. It's still a war for hearts and minds; some of us are working for the adversary without realizing it. Stories like this can start to break down the effectiveness of the effort, but it's only a start.
You guys in reddit always see the bad in anything good i swear -_-
It's wonderful to know there are some people who understand the real meaning of "loving thy neighbor as thyself", and even more wonderful that it is a child, especially at this time of year. Excellent!
way too quickly read this as "boy detonates all the money"
that had me confused
He is a Swanson...
Truly uplifting to see humanity amongst all the hate. Sad to see all the haters rise in the thread.
Who let all the bigots into this thread?
Bunch of cynical bastards over here 
This kid and his mother are awesome. Really makes me want to put in a donation as well. Being from Texas, I can confirm that the Islamophobia around here is ridiculous. If the southern states are the Bible Belt, then Texas is the shiny, diamond encrusted, over-sized belt buckle.
A 7 year old child has a clearer understanding of whats right and wrong then the rest of the collective world. Is this good or bad?
Aww that is adorable!!
Faker than turkey bacon.
Good on 'em. Odds on the mosque boys buy him a Christmas present. Happy to see.
Reminds me of this Zen Pencils:

http://zenpencils.com/comic/138-special-comic-the-next-generation/
"Sheeeit. I'll take any motherfucker's money if he just GIVIN it away."
If a kid comes and gives you 20 fucking dollars.. you dont take them.. you give them back, either to the child or the parents..
I wish I knew how to contact this kid and send a thank you card for his gesture. 
That is a good Mom right there and a wonderful child. Brings tears to my eyes.


This is making me cringe its so faked and misguided. And giving money to religious institutions is just batshit crazy.
I think there's a story almost *exactly* like this in the Bible, only it was a burned church, and an old lady's coin purse.
I'm just disgusted that there are so many bigots in this thread, who are so prejudiced that can't admit all the positive things about Islam such as... Ahhhh
Very sweet of him, but I really hope they gave him his money back.

For a second i read '7-year-old Boy Detonates all the money in his piggy bank to mosque vandalized in texas'

That would have gone a waaaaay different direction :|
Oh yeah this is definitely true.  I remember being seven and wondering if I should put my money towards an NES game or donate it to a "religion" I know nothing about that is closely related to terrorism by mainstream media and popular culture.  I always chose the latter lol 
It's like taking a candy from a young kid. Oh wait ... it is...
[deleted]
Doesn't this belong on r/awww?
Leave it to a Swanson to do the right thing!
[deleted]
If it's from a piggy bank is haram.
That kid is an idiot.
[deleted]
such propaganda. but seriously who is naive enough to believe this schumltzy horse crap. 

at least that religious organization has a lot in common with all the others - they wont hesitate to take money even from children. 


&gt;All faith is important, and especially peaceful faith

Do people forget the fact that Muhammad ordered a shitload of assassinations on poets?
Save your money kid.  They wouldn't give you a dime if your life depended on it.
Here is 150 dollars, please don't kill us sir.
What a nice thing his parents forced him to do.
This is crazy and sounds like a vie for attention or something. The kid is 7 years old and doesn't know what a mosque is. If I was his parents I'd be educating him on not giving out his own property to strangers that have nothing to do with him.
An idiot being raised by idiots, color me shocked. /sarcasm
$150 to clean shit off a wall/door. I smell bullshit. 
Reddit.com/r/thathappened

Something very fishy here
$20 only buys like 8 bullets for an AK-47. 
i bet they accepted it too
It's so disturbing to me how quickly the press falls all over themselves to make certain that the public doesn't make generalizations and lump all muslims in with terrorists. They also support and help to promote muslim beliefs. At the same time the press makes certain to lump all Christians into the extremist category and supports the suppression of Christian Holidays and makes the use of positive Christian cultural beliefs seem hate filled, racist and criminal no matter how completely inclusive it may be. What makes it politically correct when the muslim religion, however peaceful is also many times more exclusive and comd condemning?
PIGGY bank HAHAHAHA
they don't need your money little man.
Hate these feel good stories, kid probably had like $13 and some paperclips
They kept it? Why the fuck would they keep it? 
What a good little Liberal. Give your money to people who don't need it.
Plot Twist: It was the little boy that vandalized the Mosque.
And now he can never use air travel. 
Geez, give the kid his money back.
this entire reporting is complete bullshit- just people saw a camera and wanted their equivalent of reddit karma.

a 7 year old in texas wants to donate his money to a mosque? lol shut up.

That kid is an idiot.
what a waste of good money, giving it to islam
I blame his parents. What kind of people would raise a kid to give his stuff to invaders that want to kill him.
Do you Americans actually watch shit like this?
Donate to the victims of Islamic genocide. I'm getting sick and tired of this victim mentality that always arises after they slaughter.
&gt;what happened in Paris is not what's happening in Pflugerville.

not yet....
AWWWWWW!

Seriously, though, this is news?
ISIS can use every penny they can get with Russia blowing up all of the military equipment D.C. has been sending them.
Future cuck right here.
And a child shall lead them...oh brother.
I wonder how much of that money will trickle back to Daesh.
Well, I hope the same thing would happen each time a church burned down or torched down in Muslim countries
Here's to hoping the preacher isn't some kind of radical himself....

I hope that didn't sound harsh, but I've known of a couple of cases where imams who appeared moderate turned out to be supportive of salafism (the radical saudi arabia branch of islam). Or who blantly spread hate speach and nobody was allowed to really do anything about him.

Here's to hoping the imam is moderate himself.
What a waste someone should teach that child not to support isis 
Maybe I'm a bad person but I immediately assumed this was a sick up.
So no vandalism then.

Such a bullshit piece.
[deleted]
&gt;parents force child to give up all his savings to a religious organization that takes in as much as a small business because "look how progressive we are"
Future scammers, here's your next mark!
I appreciate the goodwill and kindness of this gesture, but at some point in time you have to wonder whether it is not just a stupid thing to do. Nobody seems to read the qur'an &amp; hadith to learn what islam is actually really about. While the qur'an &amp; hadith are online, for free, in English!

The following scenario is very realistic: News 10 years later:
"Girl gets raped and murdered by muslims that were indoctrinated in mosque her boyfriend donated money to 10 years earlier."

I think this was a set up.  Hopefully the boy doesn't try joining ISIS when he grows up, like the young man in the Netherlands who joined ISIS, after he met a Muslim girlfriend (the Dad got him out months later). 
Poor kid. He just made a poor choice with the best of intentions. Burn these mosques to the ground. They aren't welcome here. 
im going to break rule number one but yeah i prefer to work the money ff that accept the money from a child 
STOP THE PRESSES
It's too bad that if Allah tells them to,  they'll gut that kid like a trout, cuz, that's what Muslims do...
[deleted]
He should be shot for aiding and abetting terrorist.
This sub should be renamed to r/trivialcutesystuff.
Doesn't this belong on r/awww?
This is the sort of thing which gets a secret security court to issue a national security letter to an ISP.
Would this be news if a little brown Muslim boy decided to donate his piggy bank money? 
Central Texas -- what what in the butt
Great idea and a sweet story.

&gt; She's stroking her Rapunzel hair and she's just like, 'Pretty soon my hair is going to grow back and I'm going to have real Rapunzel hair.'"
I thought it said they were made out of yams at first. That would've been way cooler but yarn is pretty nice too, good on them.
I had two trick or treaters this year with these kind of wigs. One was Rapunzel and the other was Belle. Seemed like Belle was sick and her sister wore a yarn wig too in solidarity. It was super cute.
Wow this is such a good idea. I bet the kids just love it. 

Gotta drop a line in for [Project Linus](https://www.projectlinus.org/) which hand-makes blankets for seriously ill or disadvantaged children. If you have any quilting / blanket making materials and/or skills, you can donate them to a local Project Linus chapter &amp; they'll either turn your materials into a beautiful blanket or find a child that needs the blanket that you quilted / handmade. :) 
She's raising funds on GoFundMe - this is her page: https://www.gofundme.com/magicyarn. There are some more pictures there, as well!
1, 2, 3,  Lawsuit.

I dare Disney to go after her.
This is awesome! Those who can crochet, help out [here.](http://themagicyarnproject.com/beanies/) And those who can't, check out the [gofundme page](https://www.gofundme.com/magicyarn).
Um... I want one. I am an adult, and I want to be a princess always. 
Do they make these wigs in an adult male size?....I'm asking for a friend.
[Link to the original story](http://www.ktva.com/valley-wig-making-project-growing-faster-than-rapunzels-hair-387/) by my station for those that would like the video version. 
Thats nice, if they mass produced this like the beard-hat i bet it would sell well for winter. They could set it up and donate the profits for children battling around the world. Go to shark tank :) The wig looks great!
This is awesome. P.S. F**K Cancer
Fox news has something nice to say! Positive reinforcement, Reddit! Give them the views to know their other stories are not what you want to read.
If you haven't yet, check out her personal Facebook page; she's incredibly grateful for all the support she's received! You guys are awesome :) I live in Palmer as well so I know her personally - she's super kind and sweet, so I'm really happy for her! 
so I'm still waking up from a glorious 3 hour 'nap' and read this like "Woman and Disney create princess that wigs out for battling cancer". really I don't know what I expected to find when I clicked the link
Woman get's sued by Disney..
Every little boy wants a princess wig.
that is a lot of yarn
Such a sweet way to help these little girls.
Would've been nice if they showed pictures of the wigs
What a kind sweet woman.. This almost made me cry.
I was hoping for some pictures. Sounds adorable.
Damn, just reading the title already made me emotional
I should have not read the title too fast..


Woman creates Disney princess wigs out of children battling cancer
This is so sweet it makes me cry. The world would be an infinitely better place if everyone treated each other the way she treats those kids. What a wonderful soul. 
I bet those wigs weigh so much compaired to real hair. gotta be tiring for the kids

I read yarn as yam....
My wife went to the wig making event on Saturday! She had a lot of fun, and made an Elsa wig!
All the pictures are in an LDS church (Mormon).

Maybe Reddit should recognize what the VAST MAJORITY of those with a religious faith are interested in doing, supporting, and talking about. 
I am an adult, and I want to be the doting uncle I should have not read the title already made me emotional I should figure out why they kept talking about wigs.
... what breaks my heart even more is the likelihood that Disney will C&amp;D her and/or file a lawsuit. :\
This is just so heartwarming 
Judging from the picture, wouldn't it be really hot wearing all that yarn on your head?
Let's get this to the front page folks, this should reach more eyes. 
Had me tearing up,  it's the little things in life man! 
Could've at least showed us a few more of them...
Hope Disney doesn't sue her. They have sued teachers for making Mickey Mouse decorations for her classroom. Hopefully things have changed.
"After the surgery one nurse was quoted as saying,"Lets give the surgeon a hand." The surgeon replied, We just gave that guy the only two we had.""

Brutal quote
&gt;nobody pays them for the patient they cure during their emergency time.


[deleted]
That sounds like the setup to a bad joke.

The guy was on his first day of a new job when this happened.
I use to read these kinds of articles and think, "Well that's nice." 

Then I went to medical school and learned how complex the human body is. How difficult a procedure like this really is. 

Now I read these articles and think, "Holy fucking shit balls they actually did that?! That's amazing! That person is extremely lucky and that surgeon is a God among humans!" 
Hello! I'm a bot who mirrors websites if they go down due to being posted on reddit.

[Here is a screenshot of the website](http://i.imgur.com/iPdaB1U.png).


*Please feel free to PM me your comments/suggestions/hatemail.*

_____
[^FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/Website_Mirror_Bot/wiki/faq)
This surgery might be the precursor to [Hand Crafters] (http://theinfosphere.org/images/7/7b/Handcrafters.jpg)

Fry: "These new hands are great. I'm gonna break 'em in tonight."


Other Guy: "Hey man, where've you got those scars on both of your wrists from?"

This Guy: "Ah yeah, there was this one time where I sawed off my hands."
Best hand job he will ever get...
That is the face of a man who is happy he still has two hands. Can you imagine what it must be like to look down and find yourself unhanded?
I'm sure he's excited to give his doctors two thumbs up.
I definitely read this as 'police man' but with a Sean Connory lisp.
That's lucky. He wouldn't be too good at polishing with no hands.
http://i.imgur.com/6fxpNI7.gifv
Not to be confused with the Polish man who had both hands reattached, unsuccessfully.
I came here for the Redditor Polish joke...
...Only to find they were reattached to the wrong stumps.
Pretty late, but here's a video about a child who got two new hands. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFyP_R6wPr8
Can we just express how awesome it is that we live in a time where your fucking hands can be reattached to your arms after a machine chops them clean off. God damn amazing.
Twist: BUT THEY'RE NOT HIS HANDS. 
"It was the first day of his new job."

Fuck.
I hope they use video games as rehabilitation. It is the best thing I can think of to regain full control.
We don't know how successfully. As the doctors have stated, they will know how successful it is after 6 months, especially seeing if he can gain back feeling in his hands.
So how did the girl with the severed foot fare?
&gt;I can't wait to break these in!
Scary as fuck.  If my hands were cut off I would just jump off a bridge and kill myself as quick as possible. 
Pretty related, there is a very interesting Moth radio hour, where the Iranian-American surgeon who helped pioneer hand transplant and reattachment surgeries tells the story of the first them they attempted it. It is so interesting to hear him tell his story. Worth the listen. 

http://themoth.org/posts/storytellers/kodi-azari
Literally /r/upliftingnews
Wait- how many polish doctors did it take?
In other news, a Polish man has decided to retire from his job in a machine shop
"So doc, how long before I can...er, shake hands again?"
I've been told the Polish can  be very hands on.
His mother is reportedly devastated.  
Slowww clap
Thank goodness, he can still masturbate.... In all seriousness this would be a pretty big frustration of losing both hands, among many other things. 
His arms are augmented.
Over/Under when he masturbates again 30 days
How excited do you think he is to jerk off again 
I don't think reattaching is the big deal here, having them be functional is.

I can see how he recovered finger mobility but what about sensation? will he be able to feel how cold or hot something is realize he got a cut in one of his fingers?
Such a missed opportunity, was expecting the double thumbs up photo. 
From the last paragraph:

&gt; the doctors – who are actually volunteers – do not have support of any institution, neither the National Health Fund (NFZ)

*cough* Bit better than american healthcare *cough*

I'm not belittling this, but have not the nerves been severed in the hands? They are now just useless lumps. 

edit: I cannot open the article atm to read it. Reddit hug o death I guess.
He must've used the ejector seat in his helicopter
Best of all, fapping = physical therapy
Lemmie guess... They put the right one on the left side and the left one on the right side, right?
Now he can jerk off again!
The title made me laugh. Reattached, successfully. Seems a little unnecessary. Why would someone post an article about an unsuccessful surgery to upliftingnews?
Well that's handy!
He's not happy to get his hands back, he's happy he can jerk off again.
... and he did it himself.
his circle jerking days aren't over yet boys.
Looks like he will be "Alright" 
This story really pisses me off
Now he can pour down vodka in a shot glass on his own.
Maybe they should take the bandages off first before they start celebrating
[Take me to Poland.](http://cimg.tvgcdn.net/i/r/2013/04/26/7ec37aa8-868b-40a3-8e8e-50ae6d6b9080/resize/350x509/d3f3c45085c50115bf5a08d4c72c5d8c/130425-game-of-thrones1.jpg)
He would have got this done sooner, but he couldn't pick them up.
Giving a man the ability to touch his Polish Sausage again is truly a great gift. 
He's lucky he didn't lose his wrists.
Did he celebrate with a round of applause ;)
Wouldn't be much of a story if they were sewn on unsuccessfully.

I bet I could do that a lot cheaper!
Guess the first thing he'll do when he is healed and by himself.
Polan still stronk!
They should have attached a pussy to his off hand:)
.....as opposed to having them reattached unsuccessfully?
Now the question is, can he fap?
The Dr. put them on backwards, but he's got hands now.
Should have got him giving the "thumbs up"
there's a joke in here somewhere...someone give me a hand
His arms are augmented.
Now he can go back to Polishing his knob, manually.
The Polish doctors re-attached to the opposite hands. 
"Shortly after the surgery the man realized they had put the hands on the wrong sides."
now he can get back to work polishing things.  
This triggered me
I take it he threw the pin instead of the grenade.
Now he can finally screw in that light bulb!
makes sense, as poles are famously good handymen. (I'm sorry.)
(I'm not sorry.)
(I am also polish.)
"It, totally, feels like a stranger now."
This kind of shit is AMAZING.

The next step is, of course, growing NEW organs/limbs in the lab, so even if it gets smushed or something your good to go.
First day on the job and you loose both your hands.

hmmm i dont think that job is suited for ya bud.
The entire surgical team was composed of volunteers. That's amazing!
Good job, Dr. Zoidberg. 
Piwo Kurwa Dupa
One step closer Frankenstien.....
Now he can polish off a beer with both hands!

Plot-twist: the surgeons accidentally attached the hands to the wrong arms. Shenanigans ensue, ultimately leading up to the point that backwards hands are in fact more practical than we thought.
He's still going to put one foot up on a bench and tie the shoes of his other foot that is on the floor first. 
I have read a few stories on hand transplants now. They always amaze me. I love that medical science has advanced to this point and am extra happy for this guy. 
"I counted every minutes" yeah what a relief for him imagine that he's watching porn and even couldn't help himself before an operation, now he's happy  again ;)
Znowu może walić gruchę ;)
Why did I read he headline as "Man has Polish hands attached, successfully".  Started wondering to my self if he'd even me able to open a door with out getting lost.
I always thought that once nerves were severed, they couldnt be reattached, so this was very surprising to me. 

Then I read the article and saw that their friends did a successful foot transplant 27 years ago.

Who the hell told me nerves cant be reattached?
This guy will be up lifting things in no time. Wow. This really is uplifting news
...in a procedure that will certainly continue to be needed more in Poland than anywhere else.
/r/nottheonion version:

Polish man has both hands reattached, upside down.
So sad they attached the hands to the wrong arms. And upside down.
You can tell by the sparkle in his eye he's about to go home to masturbate until his hands fall off. Which could most certainly happen if they aren't properly healed. 
This will be handy in the middle east.
Now he can go back to Polishing his knob, manually.
Will he have any feelings in his hands?
Did he get the leech treatment to prevent any clogged arteries to the hand?
first day at his new job, dang
Now he can return to his polishing business.
surgeons in poland volunteer 10 hours of their time to Re attach two hands. Yet I gotta wait 3 months to get a surgeon to check out this wierd mole on my back in the states.
Good thing, how would he fap?
How the hell did he lose both hands? Why isn't anyone asking this? What's going on!?

&gt; It was a shock for us – the mother of the man – Dorota Ordon – recalls the accident. 

What friggin accident?!?!?!?!
&gt; I feel good after the surgery. I could move my fingers the next day. I believed in success because I was told that this hospital is able to do this. I didn’t lose hope. I want to thank all the doctors and nurses who took care of me, I want to thank the whole hospital – says the patient.

We all know who the patient would be thanking if this was the US =P
The twist: they are attached backwards.
The successfully is not necessary.
so what was the accident?
Bet he'll miss getting hand jobs from his mom though
Reminds me of my dad. My mom had a stroke in 2001 that left her 100% disabled. She can't do anything for herself. My dad is her caretaker. Every single day he does everything for her... down to cleaning her up when she goes to the bathroom. He looks at taking care of my mom as something he HAS to do. 
A beautiful story about the heart's capacity for love and devotion. I'd bet to this man, what he did wasn't even an option. It's just what you do.
I love how happy she looks while he shows her the squash. It's really cute.
[deleted]
That shit nearly brings me to tears.
 Gods bless this man, unconditional love. I wish i'll find a woman  that cares for me like this. Can't find any desperate enough.
My mother became disabled about 12 years ago when I was 13 or so. Her condition worsened over the years to where she was unable to even walk to the bathroom on her own. Hospital visits became more frequent as the years went on. My dad was there every step of the way. He lost his job about a year and a half ago, I think in partially due to him devoting so much time to taking care of my mom. She passed away earlier this year. He's not one for showing his emotions on the outside, but I can see how lost and heart broken he truly is. Taking care of someone for that long, it's hard to go on without them. It's been tough on the both of us, but my heart breaks for him every day. I will always have the most respect for him because of it. 
Man this is both uplifting but also really sad. 
Damn, reminds me of one of the couples from Angel Beats and now it seems someone is cutting onions nearby.
This story is too bittersweet for me. All I think when reading it is that this guy's DNA will *NEVER* be passed on to a new generation.

I'm sure people will read my comment and down vote it for being negative, but I just can't help thinking that this guy seems like a near-perfect example of our species. If anyone deserves to have their great qualities live on after their death, it's not super-athletes, it's guys like him. 
My chick married me knowing I had some issues and she was ready to bear the worst, even though it wouldn't be for many years.  A year later and she ended up a lot worse than I was and probably ever would be.  She's nearly completely bed bound and asks why I would stay and care for her.  How could I not?  She loved me enough to sign on knowing the potential hard times ahead, I damn sure love her enough to take care of her instead.  In another 40 years or so we'll have pictures similar to this amazing couple.  Unless of course medicine and science wanna throw either/both of us a bone, but I'm OK if it never happens.  Sickness and health, 'til death.
Written by Lucy Liu
Damn, what's up with all these onions?
*sniff, sniff*
It's a crying shame I read this as downvoted.
I want a guy like this!
I see similar couples where I work in the hospital. The love they have for one another is so rare and special. It always brings a tear to my eyes. 
That's a miracle that she has lasted that long. Even when you are paralyzed you got to be moved over every few hours or you start to develop bed sores and sadly those can get infected and can eventually lead to death or tissue destruction.  
Bless their souls
I find it even more amazing that he'd only been married to her five months before she was paralysed, and that they survived the cultural revolution in this state. That he didn't abandon her in what was probably extreme and unusual poverty and hardship blows my mind.
This is truly amazing. How someone giving 2.2 million to the US Government to pay down debt is more upvoted than this is beyond me.
When I read stories like this I always wonder if the disabled spouse actually wish to live like this for 56 yrs. I know I sure won't. 
My grandma recently  passed away after being bedridden for a decade, and my mom was taking acre of her during the entire time, diapering and all. My husband and I had a few talk about that situation and we both agreed that neither of us would want to live like that. I love my husband way to much to want him to waste his life taking care of my body , which only serve a terrible immobil trap for my souls .  
Meanwhile I can't find anybody in my life who doesn't abuse me every single day.

/r/upliftingnews is really making me want to die lately.
And here we are with our #firstworldproblems.

I'm going to lose my shit all over the next person who complains that the barista didn't get their pumpkin spice fucking latte right.
I'm surprised to see this. I assumed this sort of unfortunate circumstance accompanied by undying love was somewhat common. I also assumed that it being so common was the reason you never hear stories like this. I'm disappointed to realize that this is so *uncommon* that when it does occur, it's news. You failed me on this one, /r/UpliftingNews. You failed real good.
Am I the only one who read the title as "Downvoted Shandong husband..."
So much dust in my room.
I know someone who I would devote my life to like that. They wouldn't give me the time of day though, so it's probably a good thing they never became paralysed.
it *is* uplifting to see a man so devoted to her. But truth be told, the notion that this has been the majority of her life, that for 56 years she's had to live like this, frankly made me cry. Life is just cruel.
A very heartwarming story about love and dedication. Will there be many who could do this in this time and age?
Meanwhile, kids these days don't want to commit to a second Tinder date.
Reading some of the comments here make me feel sad because my grandmother had a stroke. Luckily she can still talk and be herself. I heard the stories of other people who's had strokes and they scare me a lot. I haven't seen her in so many years but a plane ticket to Korea is so damn expensive. I feel like I just abandoned my family reading some of these comments. I read about people uprooting themselves and sacrifice their whole lives to be with their family after strokes.
Thanks for sharing such an inspiring story. With so much hate and fear in the media, its wonderful to hear about real selfless love.
For all those people suggesting that this is a "waste" and this woman shouldn't be alive, shame on you.

Whatever your beliefs are on this, their lives are not *your* decision to make, it's *theirs,* and they have clearly chosen this one.

I would also point out that the woman is *not* in a coma, is definitely aware of her surroundings and circumstances, and responds to them. She appears to be able to do some things, and almost certainly is able to communicate.
Love is stronger than hate. It empowers you with unlimited courage. 
I can't say what I would do in this situation as I am not actually in it....but I look at this guy, think of my wife, and know that it has been worth every minute for this guy. 

love...is a hell of a drug. 
This is very inspiring. I love it
I love my wife more than life. 

...

I would smother her with a pillow after several months of this bullshit.
What a kind soul...it seems they have a special bond, since they still look like they're in love. :)
...and I can't even get a text back. 
[deleted]
Hehehe. Dong.
lol dong
"Last December, a 79-year-old husband from Zhuozhou, Hebei province, similarly impressed netizens after they learned that the man had fed his wife mouth-to-mouth during every meal for the past 11 years, following her stroke in 2003. She has managed to far outlive doctors' expectations, thanks in part to her husband's care."

I just threw up in my mouth a little bit.
IMO, that is what a decent, dedicated man (like me) is supposed to do for his woman. Only without the attention.


The child was a twin, so the parents were able to take home at least one healthy baby. And they were able to have their daughter a short time and also save another life, probably even two, since they donated both kidneys. The fact that they lost one baby is sad, but this is a wonderful story overall and shows a lot of selflessness and hope. 
Back when I worked in a hospital I had to x-ray a baby that was born without a head. It had to be carried to term because she was having twins. That's high on the list of disturbing shit I've seen.
The other week a cousin of mine died in a car accident. He was kept alive on life support long enough to find recipients for his organs and because of it 4 people can continue to live. He left behind a lot of family and friends, but at least there is a silver lining. 
This happened to another British couple, Mike Houlston and Jess Evans.  They had twin sons, Teddy and Noah, but Teddy had anencephaly.  She chose to carry him to term and he died 2 hours after birth.  They donated his organs as well.

The parents had a recording of his heartbeat in utero and a company placed the recording into a blue teddy bear.  Now they can squeeze the teddy bear and hear his heartbeat any time.
Wow.  Quiet heroics.
     “She only lived for 74 minutes but she has achieved more than some people do in a lifetime.

I've never saved a life but this family has saved many.
Finding your slice of peace in life is an amazing thing to do.
My [reaction](http://imgur.com/IkrVUTd) to this post
Serious question - wouldn't the baby's organs be too small? Or does that not matter
Hope. What a beautifully fitting name for this little girl. 
anyone else think this woman has gorgeous eyes. the emotion in them, i dont even know how to describe it
This is awesome news. I was curious if anyone else noticed the couple has a 19 year age difference, crazy and good for them.
As a new parent, I have nothing but admiration for their selflessness and compassion; turning something sad into something beautiful for other families.  I can't even imagine. 
this couple have my full admiration!
There is a really moving episode of Radiolab that features a similar story:

http://www.radiolab.org/story/grays-donation/

Edit: I hit save before I pasted the link.
A co-worker of mine had a baby with a very serious life threatening condition. She got pregnant again and let it be known that the new baby would donate whatever organs or tissue was necessary. 

Not that it was any of my goddamn business but I somewhat disapproved of this plan. I don't think I let on (I hope I didn't) and she was a sweet lady but having a baby for such a mercenary purpose seemed wrong. And what if it wasn't compatible? You got a baby who really let you down. 

But the first baby was really really sick and pathetic every time I saw it and it was her business not mine. 

I lost track of her before her pregnancy ended. She got a new job and moved on. But I saw her at the mall about 5 years later. With 2 girls. One about 5 years old. The other...about 8. Both of them laughing. And happy. Running around like not a care in the world like you want from your little kids.

I was speechless. I looked at her and all I could do was nod a question to her. She nodded back. 

Yes.

I couldn't help it. I burst into tears and put my arms around her. She returned the hug and then left me there with a smile and a wave. 
What a nice human being
Very forward thinkers 
Define "uplifting".
I consider her to be a hero.  But, I must have a soft spot for stories about organ donations.  They get me choked up every time.
Heartbreaking and inspiring 
I work on a model for anencephaly. It's super sad :( usually for presentations we use drawings rather than actual images of human babies with anencephaly because its just a little too heartbreaking.
What a story to tell for the twin. That his twin sibling died saving another baby's life
In a way, she lives many lives.

Not an evolutionary win but a fuck you to death.
Reading the comments just further confirms the importance of having options and CHOICE. With everyone having differing opinions why do we ever believe one person's opinions are superior to others...

Thank you for sharing the story!  I'm certain it was not an easy decision. 
In 2001, my wife and I had a fetus diagnosed with anencephaly. We terminated the pregnancy after the doctor warned us that carrying such a baby to term would increase the chance of it occurring in follow up fetuses.

We now have a wonderful, healthy, 12 year old girl.
I suspect that I will never be "grown-up enough" to face a decision like this. I suppose you don't know what kind of decision you'll make until you have no choice but to make it; and they made it brilliantly.
You find heroes in the most amazing places. RIP Hope. Live long and prosper Hope's Family.
Does anyone else not find this to be uplifting news?
The feels train didn't even slow down to pick me up. Instead it jumped the track and plowed me over.

You win internet. You win.
That'd be such an awkward conversation years later if it survived. 
"Mommy, what made you decide to have a baby?"
"Well, Reginald, the original plan was to harvest your organs."
All over the world, Right-to-Lifers' heads are exploding.
Awesome.
this is quite literally one of the bravest things I've ever heard. 
Saddest story ever..
How could they abort one but not the other? Why would they offer to abort both if one was perfectly healthy? 
Whoever thinks this is uplifting has never had a miscarriage. 
Whoever thinks this is uplifting has never had a miscarriage. 
This ladies and gentz. Is called a trooper. Many props needed.
&gt;were told 13 weeks into their pregnancy with twins that one of the two babies suffered from anencephaly, a deadly condition that prevents a brain and skull from developing.
buy one get one free
*British woman carried...so she could

                       or

British woman carries...so she can

:)
[deleted]
Instead of two dead babies there is only one dead baby, doesn't sound particularly uplifting though.
Serious question: would the infant feel pain when her organs are harvested?
Do transplanted organs grow after being transplanted?
So uplifting... time to unsubscribe from this sub. 
This is clearly morally gray. How this is uplifting escapes me.
Uplifting? Think of it this way, she is letting her child be harvested for organs
I don't know how I feel about this... rationally it's a good thing to do, but i wouldn't want to meet this chick in a dark alley
She was 70 years old when they first landed on the moon.
[New Jersey's oldest woman](http://m.nydailynews.com/news/national/new-jersey-woman-110-credits-longevity-miller-high-life-article-1.2313905) turned 110 years old a few months ago.

&gt; She cheats death by downing three bottles of Miller High Life and a glass of whiskey every day.
Sometimes I wonder if when these really old people give their longevity tips, they make up stupid shit on purpose to hedge against people beating their record
She's from the 19th century....damn! 
I feel like she was in a mutual agreement with her friends, if one of them was to live to become 100 to make up some weird ass story like "I eat a cone a day".
 Is there an age when you just accrue crochet blankets? Does it transcend cultures? I have one my ex-mil made that looks just like the one she has draped around herself. She was from Japan. That's a little different than Italy, right? 
Is she taking metformin?
Imagine on her 90th birthday she was probably thinking she's not got much longer to live, now 26 years later she's probably thinking the same thing.
Not being married goes a long way.
Supose that she ate 3 eggs per day as she said since she was born, so she literally ate 137460 eggs. If you consider an average egg of about 50g that is 6873kg of egg. 
That's impressive. She doesn't look a day over 90.
That's a lot of wisdom.
She asked to be referred to as "Mussolini's Boo"
Damn! Imagine being 85 and still having at least another 30 years to live. That's insane!
Does anyone truly 'celebrate' turning 116?
Getting her GTA V for her birthday.
I think this thread is lacking a bunch of egg puns but I can't think of any so you can just start them here.
I've never heard of a "rasher of bacon". Some crazy flapper jive right there. 
Did anyone else start smelling eggs when it got to the bit about her diet?
Are you my brother????
Back when all roads led to Rome, there were still a couple that led to her place. 
TIL: eat more eggs. 
How long has she been taking metformin?
3 eggs injected with Metformin. 
was she taking Metformin?
The queen is really coming along I see
So we eat pizza to live longer? Pizza &lt;3
I feel perhaps when someone gets over 100, it's best not to start making a big deal of their birthday so far ahead of time...
It must be lonely.
She lived long enough to see the Kardashians!
I can vouch for the fact that having children drive you into the grave sooner.  Damn non-bastards of mine!

This should be the new not bad meme 
Women be advised, men will kill you
Beautiful
The dating system works.
Most of the the time it has to do with luck rather then lifestyle choices 
Her expression says it all:  "Meh."
Sorry, that turned into much more of a brick and got hot enough that it makes much more interesting to look back and claim a grandparent in both world wars.
&gt; Europe's oldest

So who's the oldest in the whole world?
The fact that she was old enough to comprehend both World Wars is almost uncomprehensible to me. Like how can someone be that old? Like a walking history book.
All i can say is jesus christ, she like had almost a lifespan x 2, shes been considered an oap for 1 full lifetime almost!
I've never heard of a "rasher of bacon". Some crazy flapper jive right there. 
brb going to shop to buy eggs
&gt; “I’m fine, I’m fine and as long as it stays like that I will remain with you,” she was quoted as saying. “You know I have a beautiful voice, if you like I can sing Parlami d’amore Mariù [Talk to me about love, Mariu].”


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhpWQTS4UPQ 
Here's the song grandma Emma wanted to sing, "Parlami d'amore Mariù" by Tino Rossi 1932
That's a lot of wisdom.
["Gonna FLY now!" Just two raw?](http://gifsoup.com/NDg1MDk4NQ)
I'm 29. Where do I stand on this subject? I didn't have internet until I was 14.
Remember back in the day when we had that thing called verbal communication? Yea I don't either...
Listening to the radio all day to hear that one song again and pressing record on the tape.  Doing this multiple times and you would now have a "fire mixtape" as they call it now.

Watching a tv show one time per day when it was on.  You missed it? Oh well.  You can wait until tomorrow.

Riding around on a huffy bike with a banana seat, huge ear phones, and a walkman so big it wouldn't fit in your pocket, and still feeling like a badass.

Bored?  Walk to the school to see if your buddies are playing ball.  If not?  Walk somewhere else.

Ahh yes, the good old days.

I still have my encyclopedia set.  A couple letters have 2 books because there is just so much information!  I still collect books and read daily.  
Um.  Im 31 and don't remember life before the Internet.

The Internet is pretty damn old at this point. 
How did you settle trivial arguments like "I bet you ten dollars that Burt Reynolds was in one episode of The Twilight Zone"?
You need to go older than 30s man, I'm in my 30s, and I first got to use the internet in 5th grade.  Try again.
I remember the smell of dewey system cards, exploring the nearby forest for hours, making ninja weapons out sticks, used batteries, and shoelaces.  
Everyone's probably covered everything but the world seemed a lot bigger. When you wondered something you had to actually seek the answer and you might never get it. Friend moved away from school? He becomes a ghost. There's a lot more...
Calling information for phone numbers!
My poor grandma (84) still asks me how I got on her Internet (on the conputer) without knowing her AOL password. Yes, she still uses it and only it. 
I remember having to order skateboard stuff from catalogues because we didn't have a shop in NY town. You could call or write them for your gear. 
I cant wait to find out what life was like before the internet when I turn 30 next week.
It was hell !!! I was there, believe me !!!
We had a friend we called the Oracle. Whenever there was anything that came up in random conversation that needed to be verified or challenged, no matter what time of day, we called the Oracle. He was our Google. He is still held in high esteem but only in the stories of his past prowess. 
Fuck. I want to go to meet her. 
Mama Mia
The question nobody is asking is does she take Metformin? (Edited for spelling)
Metformin will catch up with you grandma!
Did anyone else catch the article's discrepancy in dates; she left her husband in '38, but was only married from '28 - '33?
I bet she's voted in several hundred federal elections.
goddamn, living through 3 millenniums. 
why is it The Gambia ..?
In 2015, this is still a newsable thing.  Great news, but wow.
Sadly the application of such ban is going to be a mission impossible for the next couple of generations. This is only half of the solution. The other half is to educate the public about the dangers of this practice. 
Unfortunately we had to lock this thread because there is a group of passionate people that tend to flock to any story about "genital mutilation" in order to promote their own personal beliefs rather than discuss the story, embrace and enjoy pleasant exchanges with the community here, or offer anything else other than their own passionate but unrelated views.  And that is never welcome here, regardless of the topic.  It isn't new and it isn't surprising.  But for full transparency, that is why the comments have been blocked.  Nothing more, and nothing less.
Many of these countries have had "bans" for decades, to little effect
The fact that it has to be officially banned is just fucking crazy.
There's a country called The Gambia 
Holy crap!  She gave me a camo soldier beanie baby back in 2006 and remembered my first name when I saw her again in 2008.  She is the reason I belive that there is purpose in being nice to strangers.  She is a wondrously loving person.
Can I sign up as a hug Lady?! Because I love everything about this. What a wonderful woman!
Received a hug from her upon returning in 2013. Such an amazing woman. Wish her the best!
What a sweet lady. Wishing her a speedy and full recovery.
I hope she is giving more airport hugs soon! What a valuable service!
Of course it was Texas.

On my return from the sandbox we had the whole Dallas / Ft. Worth terminal giving us standing ovations, hugs, giving us their cell phones to call our families. I even had a guy rush up and buy my lunch for me as I got to the cashier. It was just a crappy airport hot dog, but I appreciate the gesture tremendously and it still sticks with me today.

I've never been to Texas other than my stops to and from the middle east - but every indication points to that Texas people, are damn good people.
She is awesome.
I hugged this woman in July 2011 on my way to Baghdad and she was there when I came home in July 2012. She is probably the biggest supporter of our armed forces out there.
This is so amazing. There are veterans and civilians who welcome soldiers home and send them off through Bangor, Maine, and they are there no matter what. It's such a huge meaningful gesture, it was so moving to me each time I traveled through to and from iraq.

Giving back to this woman brought tears to my eyes.
This is very heartwarming. Seems like such a sweet lady. 
My God, what an elegant and big-hearted woman!
Oh man. The feels. 
There is a documentary about the hug ladies and volunteers at the airport in Bangor, Maine (the last place state side all soldiers pass through.)

edit:  http://www.pbs.org/pov/waywegetby/
I saw it on Netflix years ago but I don't know if its still there.
You can add this to the list of reasons why the wife cried. ...
I vividly remember her when I left in march '08 and came back in march '09. I feel bad because when i came back i saw the hug as an inconvenience because I wanted to hit the class 6 before it closed. God bless her. 
This has got to be the nicest thing I've read this month
I spoke with this woman once for about 20 min while on bag detail for a group returning home. She had a insane life. She started giving hugs cause she disliked her old job, and wanted to do something meaningful. She was a computer programmer, and where there during the foundations of phyton, used fortran, and other languages. She could talk your head off about programming, and methods. Then she would mention the side effects of burn out. Get well, and God bless hug lady! 
Stupid onion cutting ninjas!
Received three hugs from this wonderful woman going to &amp; from Iraq. Such a sweetheart, definitely one of my heroes.
What is this salty discharge?
Get back in there!! "Pushes tears back up"
Yes i needed to cry right before sleep 
I've gotten two hugs from her. She's the real deal, such a selfless and loving woman.

Really hope she pulls through. 
Love this.  Beautiful.  
Huh. Just discovered a new subreddit... This is an awesome story and I wish the news reported about this type of thing more. It's cliche to say, but this woman put in a lot of her life to perform what amounts to a small physical act that meant a ton to a LOT of people. It's great to see somebody who positively affected so many lives be recognized and I hope a lot more people follow in her footsteps not for the recognition, but to help others just feel cared about and appreciated. 

I wish that woman all the best and, again, I'm very happy to see her recognized. 
On a day when I'm in a incredibly bad mood, this was a really nice story to read.
Not all solders carry a firearm, some KNOW, strength comes from within. This lady gave it out in spades, some when the troops return, some when they deploy.

That's whet the terrorists cannot beat. The American Spirit!

I deployed out of Hood twice, and both times she gave me a hug and a card with the soldier's prayer on it. I'm not religious, but I kept that card in my pocket every day I was over there.
Came to the comments expecting edgelords, was pleasantly disappointed.

Wishing her all the best.
The ads at the bottom of the page were super uplifting!
Uplifting news from The Chive... 
Oh, boy... here come the feels
I just cried on my lunch break OMG 

I cried too...I wanna hug her now v.v
god bless her
nice story, but I thought this site had died out ugh
She is amazing. 
Ugh, The Chive.
I wish I could go back to Fort Hood right now just for her. 
The world is full of awesome people.  Sure is nice to read about them and not the sensationalized sad headlines.  I love her without ever having met her.  
Hoping for good health for the "hug lady."  Nice to see soldiers returning the kind gestures of a hug.
Who's cutting onions again..
Hey! Who's cutting onions in here??
Darn onions. 
hug received in 2009, on the way to Iraq

is there a public address or something we can use to write to the hug lady? I don't have any friends left in Ft. Hood who might know. 
If this is uplifting news then why am I crying? 
[It is way too early in the week for the feels](http://40.media.tumblr.com/d90487c104bd855fedc6d4acb78c3b18/tumblr_nvtzhs4lRO1rufospo1_1280.jpg)
Can we refrain from posting from thechive? Ew
Bless her heart.. best wishes! 

Time to bury my face in a pillow and cry a bit. 
Where's the current president's commendation? 
I don't remember her at all
This title sounds like the start of a porno
Put the onions away dammit. That lady is awesome, hoping for a speedy recovery.
The ads at the bottom of the page were super uplifting!
i'm trying so hard not bawl right now. this  is just lovely. hugs are powerful things. never underestimate them.
How dare you direct me to the Chive.
She gave me a hug 2 months ago.  I had no idea who she was.  If she was someones family that went with us or just some nice older lady.  After 9 months away from home and a 20 hour flight she was the first hug i had upon returning home.  I will never forget her and hope she is there for when I return home once again.
we need more sweetness like this :D
Someone give his women a nobel peace prize.
I'm not crying, you're crying!
Okay whos chopping onions? Not on guys.
There should be more up votes for this lovely post.
Shouldn't it be "former president George w Bush"?
&gt;On Wednesday, Laird received a letter from President George W. Bush

I believe the polite thing to do when writing articles like these is to use the term "*Former* President" so that I don't shit my pants.
This is sweet, yet not very uplifting to see her in the hospital. Upvoted anyways.
Got hugs from her in transit to/from 2 deployments, super sweet lady...
Edit: does anyone else remember the boots? :)
I remember her very clearly. Amazing woman with a heart of gold - I wish her the best and am so thankful for her sendoff.
Tears in my eyes... soppy old fool I am.
Great photo.  Can only imagine the feels.
I've hugged this lady many times. Deployed with the 3ACR to Mosul back in 07,08. What a wonderful person 
Fking ninja is cutting onion again
Weird seeing my hometown hospital on the front page of Reddit... I live the hug lady and wish her the best. 
Nice video on this awesome woman:

http://www.nbcnews.com/watch/nightly-news/hug-lady-gives-priceless-gift-to-fort-hood-soldiers-344966723759
Propaganda 
Mad props to this lady!!! That's just amazing!!
.
I'm a guy, but when I came across this I had to grow my beard again to feel like a man :p

Kidding, I found this post on thechive and it really made my day :)
This is really nice. The pics of her lying in the hospital bed are pretty sad.
Awww what a sweet heart
I'm not crying.
A christian thanking soldiers and giving them hugs for getting rid of a bunch of muslims by killing them.
Why is my face leaking??!
Good job
Wow. This sincerely brought a tear to my eye. What an amazing woman. After having to deal with some of the worst of humanity over the last couple of weeks, she has restored a bit of my faith that there are at least a few decent human beings out there. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Put this on my list. 
she was actually kinda cold to me on my way overseas.
Is the us military posting military propaganda on Reddit again? 
And this is why America wins right here! Every godamn time! 
Wannabe dependapotamus?
President George W. Bush? Oh not again....
What kind of piece of shit steals from the homeless? 
jokes on them they're on the naughty list now
What's not uplifting is the fact that these cunts stole from a person that was already down... Still great news though!
There was a homeless man who's dog got taken away by animal rights group. I don't care if you are an animal activists never take something from a homeless man, this makes you hated for making the person suffer by taking that could be his only happiness. Plus put a huge shame on your organization future mission. 

[Source Link](http://www.lifewithdogs.tv/2015/09/animal-rights-activists-steal-homeless-mans-dog/)
I dont think this man needed a costume, I think he needed a sandwich and, you know, a home.
Christmas is Saved!
Heil Santa!
Its depressing but eventually Christmas is Saved!
Karma is going to hit those fucks like a train
Seemed pretty unnecessary to just mention alcoholism out of nowhere right at the end.
&gt;Oh I heard that someone stole all your belongings. Here's a santa suit. You know what to do.
AGHHH... Me HEART STRINGS BE PULLED
Whats with the Nazi Salute?
Who the fuck steals from Santa?
Homeless Santa!?  But... but then what happened to the North Pole...?
The dude who have him a new suit clearly only did so for the attention, what other reason would there be pictures of them hugging for?
Hell, there's been more than a couple serial killers who have preyed on the naughty list now What kind of piece of shit steals from the homeless?
But... He's still homeless :(
No house though huh 
You just have no hope if you steal from a santa
If I were homeless and all of my belongings got stolen, I feel like the santa suit wouldn't be the very first thing on the list of things I'd want replaced
What kind of a fucking lowlife robs a homeless person?
Irony that hurts my soul. A homeless man sits with people to listen to their materialistic wishes they have for him.
It's amazing that someone with nothing for himself finds so much joy from making kids happy 
This is my hometown. The guy hangs out downtown late at night and drunk scantly clad women ask to sit on his lap and take pictures. Dude knows how to work with what he was given.
Satan's gonna reserve a special place in hell for the dickbags who stole his costume and stuff.
How bout instead of a freakin' Santa costume, you give the poor bastard, I don't know, a home?
[HAIL SANTA](http://i.cbc.ca/1.3341562.1448691489!/fileImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/original_620/fernand-gautreau.jpg)
[My favorite homeless Santa.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od4nSd9AVH8)
sorry you're homeless here's a fuckin santa suit to keep warm, hell it works for santa in the north pole should be good enough for your fleabitten ass
This is awesome! I'm from Moncton... saw this guy today as I left work :D My sister and I brought him food a couple times during last summer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRGbzyvOBMw&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=228
I feel bad right now because all I can think about is the mall Santa character in Dead of Winter http://flockofnerds.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/DOW_MallSanta-e1412018178373.jpeg
Some one is getting coal 
When you think you've had a shitty day, along comes perspective.  Wish that young woman well.
I know this girl and her family. I grew up with them in Lubbock TX! She's one of the most kind-hearted people I've ever met in my whole life. They'll be so happy to hear about this. Thanks Reddit for making this uplifting news.
Amazing. I live in the suburbs and it's so crazy and sad how there's no sense of being neighbors anymore. When I got my place I introduced myself and gave  our number in case anyone needed help or someone to come over and talk to, yet in a few years I haven't seen any neighbor get together and be neighbors 
I've spent almost 20 years in medicine.  I fly in helicopters and save 600 gram neonates, I've built ICU's and recovered kids after heart surgery in Palestinian hospitals, and I was on the ground in Haiti after the earthquake.

I can say beyond a shadow of a doubt that watching a doctor "coil" an AVM is one of the most impressive things I've ever witnessed.  Those guys essentially thread a wire into a kid's brain and get after a piece of nasty vasculature. 

It takes someone with the intellect of Neil DeGrasse Tyson with a set of balls that require a fucking wheelbarrow.

Any time you think you're smart and good at what you do for a living just know there's a gangster ass fucker out there that is God level at something so obscure you can barely conceptualize it.

Fuck Lebron level good...that shit is the ballerest shit that's ever been balled.
This young lady is very lucky and I wish her all the best.  The prognosis for this condition once the bleed happens is almost always grave.  My son who was 13 years old was out riding his scooter and six hours later he was admitted into the hospital with no brain activity.  He had an embedded AVM.  It has been ten years and people say that time will heal a broken heart.  

Well, they are liars
In other news Canadians don't bother coming together financially because they have free healthcare
Audio Visual?
So the community helps with this girl's health costs. For a country that is so against socialised healthcare it's quite hypocritical...

But yeah, wish that girl all the best.
Thank god...... that those surgeons saved her from the brain bleeding.

Ah well, can't be mad. Good for her.
I'm so happy for her. Wish her all the best
An AVM was responsible for my sister's passing. Love and support to the girl and her family.
AV Malformation? What's that? A broken TV?
[deleted]
&gt;pray more

Sigh.
Fantastic that good people are banding together.
I love how Jesus gets all the credit when there is an incredible doctor behind her recovery.
My boyfriend is currently going through this, he had his injury two months ago and is back to walking and moving around just fine. His vision and memory isnt great, but they will be doing radiation to remove the AVM.

He worked as an MA a hospital and his coworkers are amazing. They held a bakesale and raised a good amount of money to help cover bills. We weren't expecting that at all! It's really amazing how people will band together to help out, makes a stressful and scary situation slightly less scary. 
A loooot of [removed] here...
I have AVM in my arm but wow that's nothing compared to having it in your brain. 
Nice website. Wanted me to install an app from AppStore to view the content.
&gt;Community comes together to support her financially

They shouldn't have to.  It's absolutely criminal that people can go broke because they get sick.
Ugh.  One of these crazed "pray for me, God saved me" egomaniacs. I mean, It's great that she doing better, but damn.
A lotta God talk on that Facebook page... sheesh.
So what the goddam fuck is an AVM?
"Praise the Lord for use of this right hand!!! Shelley &amp; Jenelle got her to do all kinds of good things!"

Amen! Praise the invisible man in the sky! Do not praise the science and doctors keeping her alive. I am sure the prayers are what did it.
"comes together to support her financially"

Isn't it easier to say "gives her money"?
Gaaahhh.  Once again, God is credited with the recovery, but never mentioned in the original problem.

Very heartwarming that the community is rallying behind her, but a bit disappointing that our society doesn't automatically provide the necessary support through things like universal health care.
She got that skrillex hair
"Lubbock Christian University". Yeah, very trustworthy institution. I'd rather attend "Skiddick Scientology University".
"Raise Awareness" Are people seriously unaware that punk music is still alive?
What does the band name translate to?
Here is the translation of the lyrics in English! 

always have to clean

I always have to do the dishes

I always have to work

I always have to go to the doctor

I am not allowed to go to the computer

I am not allowed to watch television

I am not allowed to see my friends

I always have to be at home

I always have to do chores

I always have to eat well

I always have to drink well

I can't eat candy, drink soda,

I can't even drink alcohol

I always have to rest

I always have to sleep

I always have to wake up

I aways have to shower
Wow they are quite talented. In all honesty I expected much less. Better than many punk bands I have heard. I think it's just awesome they all got together and were like "let's do this". I worked with quite a few people with Down Syndrome in my day. Sadly some get broken down, depressed, and self loathing. Often due to what /u/razorsheldon asked all to refrain from doing. Thanks for sharing OP! I'm sending this to my good buddy with downs. We've kept in contact after almost 15 years of not *really* getting to hang out.  He is by far one of the funniest people I have had the pleasure to know. 
They represented Finland this year for Eurovision Song Contest. They were actually one of my favorite songs of the year. Unfortunately they didn't place in the finals, but meh that contest has turned into a joke. 
Is anybody not aware of down syndrome? 
The documentary about this band is worth watching. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Punk_Syndrome
This is the most punk rock thing I think I've ever seen.
We realize it might be tempting to bust out your best Down Syndrome puns, or poke fun at these inspiring musicians, but please don't. This isn't the place for these remarks, and these comments will be removed.  Thanks.
I'll admit, I didn't expect them to be any good. Holy shit, they rock. Reminds me of an early Dead Kennedys 
I bought all of their 7 " records, and a shirt like a year ago. They kick ass. They don't all have down syndrome though, I believe a couple have downs and a couple are autistic?
I've heard of these guys before. Their music isn't bad at all. 
Can anybody help translate the lyrics to English, please?
&gt;  Their mission is to raise awareness.

anti-awareness! It's punk!
Article author needs to go back to English class. 
Suomi mainittu. Torilla tavataan. 
No, they don't. One of them does, the others have other disabilities.
that singers dance moves are slick. loved the music, even though I didn't understand it. still could tell they were very talented!
My sis has Downs as well as every instrument!  She lives to Jam
Are people unaware that Down Syndrome exists, and that people can lead meaningful lives while having Down?
That's badass.
I am the moonstar
It's nice to see Limp Bizkit is still around.
There is a movie with this premise. I forgot what it's called. It's awesomely messed up.
They didn't do this to raise awareness. They did it for the chicks.
I used to think about down syndrome as something really bad, until I guy moved to our street with his 3 children with this condition. They work harder than me, never complain, a few years ago they even went walking to school every morning (4km from our house). These guys are awesome and the only way you can tell they have down syndrome is by their eyes.
WE ARE THE LORDS OF THE UNDERWORLD
[Timmy and the lords of the underworld!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1YOckMnZkU)
Well that's punk music for ya. A couple retards who can't keep 4/4 or steady bpm while they mindlessly dress and act like other punk people they saw at a show.
[how does this work](http://i.imgur.com/LJZHM0Y.jpg)
I see pretty girls everywhere I go. Everywhere I go. Everywhere I go. 
Cool.
All these baseless jokes are the exact reason why these guys are trying to raise awareness. You're not funny. You're just horrible people making fun of a minority that's far kinder than you could ever be.
TIMMEH!
Cool.
Honest question: Why does Down Syndrome need awareness? Isn't it already the best known syndrome out there?      
Granted, I'm from the Netherlands. We have complete shows for and by them. 
they really know how to get down.
Punk Rock: You can have Down Syndrome and still play it.
Timmy, Tim, Timmmyyyy!

&amp;nbsp;

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ib5jjguEiHs

Skip to 00:28
doesnt matter who these guys are or what developmental illnesses they have. this is a shit song
Who isn't aware of fucking Down syndrome? What does awareness do, solve the problem? 
I'm pretty sure they won't need to make anyone aware they have Down Syndrome.

(come on, I'm just kidding. Besides, people wanted to be treated normally. A little poking fun helps, believe it or not. Beats the arms-length permahug of indifference and pity.)
Are they able to perform live?
This really makes we wanna learn Finnish so i know what they're saying!
This is awesome. Thanks for sharing. 
awesome
Now I'm definitely aware
THIS is what real punk rock is!
I did a photoshoot with these guys at Doc/Fest a few years ago. They were lovely and put on an insane show in an abandoned building. 
Not exactly punk but here's another one from L.A. https://youtu.be/L-GmqYTL0Uk
These guys are bad ass. 
Oh man, I've got the perfect band na- oh FFS.
The singer Kari asked for a light two weeks ago at around 2 am in front of a club. Didn't have one...
My bro named his pug dog Pertti because of that band. 
Punk reborns!! Stronger, Faster and Smarter than ever!
Nice to see this kind of news. 
hellya this is so punk
Thought this was /r/writingprompts ...
Id be down to jam with these guys. 
Only the drummer has downs, the rest have autism. 
punk rock music? im down for that!
"Raise awareness," and a little hell.
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3rppwr?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Timmy and the Lords of the Underworld- Self Titled](https://youtube.com/watch?v=oFFQpd9akSg)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/3rppwr/_/cwqj507?context=10#cwqj507) - Made me remember this 
[Kids of Widney High - Life Without the Cow](https://youtube.com/watch?v=L-GmqYTL0Uk)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/3rppwr/_/cwqh8p1?context=10#cwqh8p1) - Not exactly punk but here&amp;#39;s another one from L.A.  
[jostiband o kom maar eens kijken](https://youtube.com/watch?v=smr0kH2XvIE)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/3rppwr/_/cwql53a?context=10#cwql53a) - Shout out to de Josti Band!  
[Disturbed - Down With The Sickness [Music Video]](https://youtube.com/watch?v=09LTT0xwdfw)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/3rppwr/_/cwqigfk?context=10#cwqigfk) - They should a cover of down with the sickness  
[Billions in Change Official Film](https://youtube.com/watch?v=YY7f1t9y9a0)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/3rppwr/_/cwqkxrt?context=10#cwqkxrt) - They&amp;#39;re not all scams, but they are (for the most part) businesses. They have to pay for employees, advertising, and every other expense that businesses have.  The companies they pay to solicit for them are usually who comes out above everyon...
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Tortilla avataan!
The drums and rhythm are having a hard time keeping together on this track... still gotta applaud these guys though.
I'm surprised anyone noticed...
They don´t all have Down Syndrome,two of them are autistic. Great though what they are doing.
The two older ones are pretty atypical for people with DS, I've seen regular folks that look like them.(Especially the curly haired one.)
Awesome.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^syndrome ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^of ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^a ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^down
The documentary about this band is worth watching. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Punk_Syndrome
They're opening up for *Timmy and the Lords of the Underworld*.
Remmembers me of 
Timmy and the lords of the underworld :D
Their mission better also be to raise the roof!
Get down with the sickness cover incoming...
I accidentally read that daft punk had Down syndrome. Explained the helmets for a minute.
That should be an example for all the poster punk bands out there.
I thought all punk band members were retarded. Whats the catch?
I've been listening to downs-punk wayyy before any of you all
Their band should be called, The Get Down Syndrome
Does anybody not know about Down syndrome at this point? I feel like are these "awareness" are stupid and pointless.
I hope they cover Devos' "Mongoloid"
Went in expecting Tim Armstrong to be fronting the band. Disappointed.

Maybe they will make him an honorary member...?
Yeah raise that awareness... not sure how it helps you
Who doesn't know that down syndrome exists?
Most punk rockers are retarted anyway 
Sounds like regular punk really.
&gt; This entire punk band has Down Syndrome.

.... so whats new about that?  jk This is pretty cool. Good work, guys!
Well, most punk bands just spew gibberish into the microphone already.
They probably have Up, Right, and Left Syndrome too.
I feel like their music is a little slow for punk rock
The Guys ROCK!!!!!!!!
sooo all punk rock bands
Nicest punk band ever ?
Uplifting news of someone with downs raising awareness, this is like a PlayStation cheat code. 
Timmy and the lords of the underworld?
Oh... I thought this was a writing prompt. 
LOL
I would listen to them over Nickelback any day of the week. Maybe Nickleback would be a better band if they were punk and had chromosomal abnormalities. 
This really reminds me of Mr. Roger's words: "When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, 'Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping.'" 
As an American Muslim med student from Chicago, I sincerely appreciate our Jewish brothers and sisters in this news story and the many excellent Jewish folks here in Chicago as well. I will aim to remember this and pay it forward and do positive and awesome things in the future for the American Jewish community as well.
It's "Little Mosque on the Prairie" come to life.
If you must religion, this is how you religion
As a Trent student, the whole situation is really not surprising in regards to the mosque attack. I've seen first hand the culture Trent heavily pushes for, which includes sexual tolerance and racial equity. It's just some of the "locals" who missed the memo. I have gay friends who have told me about being targeted downtown on occasion and have personally witnessed senseless racism towards my black friends. Both of which are stories for another day.

The majority of my personal experience with racism has been through working in the bar industry over the past 4 years, and boy have i seen my fair share of shenanigans. What separates the Peterborough antics from antics in other cities ive worked and lived in, was that racism was primarily the catalyst in most altercations. 

One story i can share revolves around my training partner who was a Korean national student named Dong. Dong was racially targeted nearly every night we bounced together at the "locals" bar. Now Dong was not a small lad he was 6'0 and weighed 265 pounds, ex-military, benched 5 plates, squatted 6 and deadlifted 7 ( video proof). He served as a role model for most of the Trent weightlifting community due to the way he continually carried himself with humility and respect. Anyways whenever Dong and i would work together, he was constantly targeted due to his asain ethnicity. Now because Dong was a Korean national, he knew that if he got charged with assault he would be deported (we had a few close calls). Patrons also found this out and would taunt Dong with racial slurs if they were being escorted off the premise due to intoxication. The reason for this story is that when Dong and i started working at a trendier pub frequented primarily by students, there was never a case of a patron using racial slurs with him. This experience with Dong has always been a reminder to the uglier side of Peterborough.
 
That being said, Peterborough itself is a beautiful city and not everyone is a shit apple...there's just a lot of them who ruin it for everyone else 
Peterboroughian here, first off I'm startled to see my lovely city in the front page.

Secondly the reaction around here was incredible. This incident has shown how different our perceptions are from the individual (or individuals) who did this.  

Pretty cool to see what happens when a community actually comes together like this. 
We're cool as f*ck. 
I need to be on this channel more often.
It's fun to come on here and find every redditor who lives in Peterborough. Don't miss the city much, but miss everything being within walking distance, pretty much. 

There was an overwhelming amount of support for the Muslim community after the incident. I'm glad to see the city getting itself together. 
That's good.

At least there are some good people in my hometown.

To be completely honest though most of Peterborough is sexist, racist, homophobic and a variety of other things. There's no work, there's nothing. It just looks pretty; unless you're downtown in which it then looks like a 5-block wide crackhouse.

But it's not surprising if I were to quote wikipedia:

"In 2006, the resident population 14 years or younger made up 15.7% of the general population, while 18.2% were 65 or older. The median age for the CMA was 42.8, which is the fifth highest of Canada's thirty-three Census Metropolitan Areas,..."

A lot of the people there are old (I know 40 isn't "old", but there's still a larger amount of older people than young.)

It's a retirement city, which means all those racist and homophobic old folk buy a cottage and die in Peterborough.
People can say what they wish about the Jews, but they will take care of refugees like no one else.  When youve been there, you will not let people go undone.
Canada also has a peterborough? STOP STEALING OUR TOWN NAMES NORTH AMERICA YOU FUCKS! 
&gt; "hate crime"

Terrorism.
Wow, its really nice to see my hometown in some positive news for once
ayy! this is my town! shoutout to peterborough!! 
Fighting in the name of religion has always seemed crazy to me, but the divide between Judaism, Islam, and Christianity has always seemed particularly ridiculous, mostly because the three believe in the same freakin' god.

It's such a refreshing change for people to disregard their differences and tell themselves that they're not so different after all.
There has been a lot of hate crimes towards Muslims in the past few weeks, especially here in the GTA. Glad to see people coming together despite the tension that seems to be escalating all over the world.
["Aliens" Meme Guy]
"Canadians."
"It's not about religion, it's not about race. Canadians do this."  What's in the maple syrup?  I'm not fully comfortable referring to myself as an American to any potential Canadians because of a technicality, but here in the United States it's not impossible or unheard-of for this to happen.  Just sayin'.  It doesn't matter what country you pledge allegiance to either.  "Good people do this", is what they were trying to say I'm sure.
Kudos to the Jewish people that did that.  Wonder if it would be the same if it was the other way around? This can be a huge lesson to everyone!
Good news. However, as a non-Muslim living in a Muslim majority country, I have yet to see a mosque here opened its door for Christians each time their church is burned down or torched down.
I think all religions suck, but it's good to see the folks getting along and setting an example of tolerance.  Very heart warming.
Yet many  still attack Jews as being Islamaphobic pigs because of Israel's battle against terrorism in the West Bank. 
Shit this makes me sad.. so very sad.. 

because why, why am i thinking "of course, who wouldnt help another person in need or pain" then... back to reality, people are people, you are what you eat and when hate is served for breakfast by loving parents then eating without question makes us truly fucked.. islam aint the problem, stupid people practicing religion without heart and intelligence is 

Please let us survive atleast 3 generations and hope we get wiser
Can we please make canada the world superpower instead of america? 
Displaced? Do Muslims live in Mosques?
I like these gestures, I do, but if you try and enter Mecca as a non-Muslim, or even the al-aqsa Mosque.... It doesn't end  well. Some reciprocation would be nice now and then, just saying.
This is my son Jack.  He's an amazing kid and I can promise you, this was 100% his idea and not staged or forced or replayed for the camera.  I was going to help clean up the mosque but it got done before I could get there so we brainstormed and he came up with the idea of giving them his money.  

The last few days have been a whirlwind, and after have a second to look at reddit last night and the other post on this I was so disgusted and disheartened.  

We don't have much... we struggle check to check because of my and Jack's brothers medical bills....  but he gave EVERYTHING he had.   I am so proud of him, I cannot even express it.  

So ... thanks for not being jerks.  I appreciate it. 
I love this - not the vandalism - but the fact that this boy was thoughtful enough to try to help and that his kindness was returned many fold.

Love and kindness are what will save us all - if we allow it.
After all the shit that's going on in the world lately, small things like this give me hope.
Good people doing good things for good people who do good things 
&gt; The gift was organised by Arsalan Iftikhar (aka the Muslim Guy). . .

"Aka The Muslim Guy"? That's some top notch journalism there.
This little boy is the son of a redditor..... come on guys, show some restraint and respect with the comments here.  A little boy did something kind and in turn, kindness was returned to him.  
You raised that boy right. You should be proud too.
This is great, anything that helps fight the us vs them mentality which is being brought about by the extremists.

"Boy who donated piggy bank to vandalised mosque" was the first uplifting story, but today the story should be an emphasis that "The Muslim community thanks a boy for his thoughtful act of caring." It truly is a beautiful interaction and BOTH the boy and the Muslim community are to be commended for how they responded to this ugly act of vandalism and hatred.

So much hate on this thread.. Who has time to foster such deep seeded specific opinions about what other people do.. Good job Jack, attaboy.
She's going to raise a great  son
This needs to make the front page. This is the exact kind of thing the world needs right now I hope this young boys act of kindness is an inspiration for more selfless acts.
Hey this is a great story about a great kid, but the funny part about this is that he donated a "piggy" bank to a Muslim organization.
This brought me to tears

His face on the right is quintessential "I'm-a-little-boy-who-probably-watches-a-lot-of-cartoons-and-this-is-a-funny-and-obvious-way-of-showing-my-excitement-while-not-just-going-absolutely-bonkers-while-at-the-same-time-I'm-just-a-little-bit-underwhelmed-and-don't-really-want-to-have-to-take-a-picture-with-this-but,-okay-fine" Trust me, I worked at a daycare for a while. You would get this face all the time.
EDIT: testing out your lung capacity. Also an "i" to "I'm"
Cool 
What does he get if he donates the ipad?
fucking thanks...now I have to use shitty iTunes
But surely, a [piggy bank is...](https://ci.memecdn.com/244/8373244.jpg)
&gt; "my kids ^[Mosque's ^representative] and Jack ^[piggy ^bank ^kid] , both Americans, born here, are going to grow up together"

Exactly. Model parent. Eyes forward.
Page has a bunch of full page bull shit browser locking pop ups on mobile.... 
Poor kid wanted a pro, now will have to settle for a mini
Am I the only one who found it humorous the money came from a pig? 

Edit:
Judging from the downvotes I can see we have a bunch of wannabe SJWs here. Pull the sticks out of your asses and enjoy life. 
Muslims net lost on this donation 
so...kid does parents bidding.  got it
Oh I see, Jack is now caught in a game of one-up-man ship.

Tomorrow's headline: "Seven year old boy built a new Mosque with his bare hands using just boogers".
I don't think this reinforces giving for the right reasons to the kid.  That said, this is still a cool story and good was meant from both sides.  
With the Quran as an audio book included.
Ipad...closed OS, that was a bit mean of them.
Ummm...aaaahhh... Hmmmm... staged. 
If it was an actual *piggy* bank, the fact that nobody was offended by it is an actual story by itself. 
Nb4 lithium battery explodes

/s
Christopher hitchens  would be turning in his grave
That's depressing but happy at the same time
I had an incredibly traumatic c-section in 2011. As a result my baby couldn't breastfeed and my milk never came in. Formula made her projectile vomit. I was beside myself and utterly heartbroken that I couldn't nourish my own child. 
Women from all different parts of my city and state donated their surplus breast milk to help my little one. I truly thank God for organizations like Human Milk 4 Human Babies, Eats on Feets, and www.milkshare.com they helped feed my baby and get her healthy. 
Holy shit, did not know women's boobs made that much? That's a ton of milk, even if over a period of time.
I had a similar loss and my doctor never even mentioned that my milk would come in. I never could have made such a selfless and sane choice, I admire her spirit!
348 litres for the rest of us. What an absolutely incredible thing for somebody to do though.
GALLONS?
That mother burned about 235,520 calories to produce that amount of milk (about 645 calories per day for a year).

which is fucking impressive.
http://www.onlythebreast.com/

I had no idea this existed. 
A friend of mine lost her daughter at birth and did the same. That would be one of the hardest things to do and I know she took comfort from it. So glad these organizations exist. 
The photograph of that tiny, tiny premature hand - just a wisp of a child that was extinguished before ever being born - clinging to its parents' hands has set me to crying and that's *not* something I do very often.
This is so incredible...what a wonderful thing to gift to someone else after you've been dealt that kind of tragic blow. I wish it had crossed my mind or been brought to my attention to do this after losing our first child at 40 weeks gestation. This woman is a saint!
that's the breast thing I've heard all day.
Faith in humanity restored!
More emotionally charged than donating blood. Had no idea there were such vital services involving this, plugging it along.
May God bless you with another baby :)
"Breeeeeasssst miilllllllk... You make my dayyyyeeeeeaaayyyyyy"
92 GALLONS?

Jesus Christ, is this how much a woman produces after a pregnancy?

Why is noone bottling this?
This was heartbreakingly beautiful.  I was not a fan of breastfeeding and I've also suffered a miscarriage.  to imagine being in this woman's shoes, to do what she did, just wow.  I want to give her a hug.  I'm glad that doing this in honor of Bryson gave her solace.  All the babies who have benefited from her breast milk is a beautiful thing.
Tears.
I'm grieving for this woman's loss. 
Imagine showing up with 92 gallons of anything let alone breast milk
Did anyone else read this as "mother DETONATES 92 gallons of breastmilk..."?
"I only drink the finest breast milks."
I'm so thankful that there is a story of a pain to bother with trying to use an at home machine.
92 galons? wtf over how long?
92 gallons? jezus! her boobs must be sore by now.
That was a beautiful story! I'm so sorry for her loss. 
92 gallons? jezus! her boobs must be sore by now.
90 gallons is 340 liters...... That sounds like a lot to me. 
I read this as breast tissue at first
Alternative title: Mother loses baby, but body continues pumping milk. Good god, that must be devastating.
92 galons? wtf over how long?
I initially read that as "detonates". 
We need someone to transport it across the Australian bad lands.
Udderly amazing
good lord did they make cheese out of it?
My wife said that other women's breast milk can kill a kid.

Edit : I don't care why I'm being down voted but this isn't my opinion. I actually brought this up to my wife as I have a child from another woman and wanted him to try her breast milk. Weird I know but my aunt breastfed me as a baby when she had milk.
good intention, but breast milk is 'customised' for the baby. This is like giving your custom suit to someone, it works, but it lost the benefit of drinking breast milk
Blech
AAAAAAND this is why I'm never having kids
Its like the biggest fucking game of

&gt; China: Stop touching me
&gt; 
&gt; USA: I'm not touching you, I'm not touching you
This has pretty much been my experience as a scientist in the lab working with all my Chinese and Iranian colleagues.  It's kind of funny seeing the news about how tense things are between our countries when we're pretty good friends who get along great and help each other out with experiments all day.
It'd make way more sense to have the Gov leaders from the USA and China duke it out in a boxing match than to have US sailor and Chinese sailors start killing each other. You know damn well aint no American or Chinese soldier has that much hate for the other to want to go to war. So dumb
I like to read this kind of analysis: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/27/us-manoeuvre-in-south-china-sea-leaves-little-wiggle-room-with-china For all the Republican criticism of Obama as being "weak" in foreign policy, it seems like he gets tough when it is necessary, not just to please the dummies. Talk, talk, talk - then, if it is needed, really needed, act. I approve of the approach.
Adorable they are becoming familiar. That means human interaction and bonds are being made. Terrible that their commanding officers will soon get word of this and make them act brash for counterintelligence reasons. No good acts/deeds go unpunished... :-(
Reminds me of the movie Joyeux Noel
X-Post referenced from /r/worldnews by /u/JarkAttack  
["We got Pizza and Wings" Interactions between rival US and Chinese navies are now so frequent in the South China sea that crews have begun to share weekend stories and plans for the holidays.](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rq6tw/we_got_pizza_and_wings_interactions_between_rival/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^made ^^for ^^your ^^convenience ^^\(Especially ^^for ^^mobile ^^users).  
^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher)
Let's hope they don't get to play soccer on Christmas Day.
This isn't that uplifting. /: US Navy vessels are encountering Chinese Navy and Coastguard vessels so frequently an incident is likely to happen. The exchange of weekend plans is because the situation is so tense that the Navy is trying to deescalate a delicate situation. 

Challenging a sovereign nations territorial claims is a dangerous game of chicken.    
Kind of reminds of Ralph and Sam.
It's almost as if they are not actually rivals...
I think the best thing for both ships is to use this opportunity to play "Battleship"..... the actual table top game against each other.

Let's hope they don't get to play soccer on Christmas Day.
USA: "We got wings but we need oil to cook 'em."
It's so frustrating when they write articles like this and deliberately choose the silliest picture they can find from the girls Facebook page... Like that's the point 
'Take a brief survey to continue reading.'

I don't think so. This isn't uplifting. It's irritating.
When I was in college I had a lot of issues with grief and anxiety, and there were some days I just couldn't function. Recognizing the importance of mental health isn't limited to professors. My last employer was incredibly understanding about my grief. Sometimes people just need a little bit of help and understanding.  
&amp;nbsp;

This is Uplifting News. Please try to have a bit of compassion.  
&amp;nbsp;

Edit: This was in response to a comment saying she should get on with her life, since in the real world, employers don't care about your feelings. Several other posters said that we shouldn't coddle people. I decided to still post it, as I worried others would continue to judge the student who received the gift. Everyone has bad days, and sometimes a relatively small gesture can completely turn a day around. I remember the highlight of my week once was a cashier at Panera speaking to me in a caring tone and wishing me a good day. All he did was make a little small talk, but to a girl having a terribly bleak week struggling to find the strength to get up in the morning, his smile was a beautiful point of light in my life.
Great survey!
Twenty quid for a bloody doctor's note?! Has it always been like that in England?

That would never fly up here in Scotland. All the lovely Mancs should just move up here. :)
On our way moving from California to Michigan, we got stuck in Chicago due to snow. I was sick with a bad cough, was covered in bed bug bites, traveling alone with my four year old, and left our traveling car seat in my husband's car which was on a truck. I needed to get from our hotel to the airport and didn't know if a cab would take us without a car seat. I was totally overwhelmed and called my dad, crying to him about everything going on. A couple at the table next to ours heard me and offered to drive us to the airport since they had a car seat. I cried again, so thankful for their kindness. 

Made it to MI where I found out that not only did I have bed bug bites but that I was having an allergic reaction to them AND they were infected. 

Good times. 
I like the font in this sub.
Please keep your comments positive and uplifting.  The story is about a nice gesture that paid for a doctor's note that she personally felt she needed.  No reason to go beyond that.  Thank you
Heh, my home city. Always nice to see Manchester in the news for something good!
That's awesome. What I don't understand is the £20 cost for a doctor's letter. What happened to socialised medicine? 
I must say... Fuck this website. 
Can someone please explain the £20 cost for this?  Im in the US and don't understand the system.  
In the US we're always told about the 'free' healthcare, but this seems more than my $25 co-pay on my insurance.
God save the Queen
MEN articles are always like that. Just skip survey on the bottom. #GGMU
Anyone else read "Strangler?"
£20 for a doctor's note?
Am I reading that right?
Advertising does not abide.
Anyone  else read  this as **two crumpets**? "...  was suddenly presented with a coffee with a touching note and **two crumpled** £10 notes tucked down the cup’s cardboard sleeve.
Advertising does not abide.
I read this as "strangler"... 


Is 'low mood' a British thing or is it one of these new college kid things, like 'safe space'?
I think it says £10


Edit: I'm dumb (see comments below)
"I overheard you needed some money to trick your professor into giving you more time, here's some!"
"How does the defendant plead?"

*Slowly blinks then licks himself*
At first I went "awwwwww". Then i read what he was accused of and felt a bit awkward. Let's hope the right thing happens... Still sweet. 
Hope they'll just recommend psychological services. Sounds like he doesn't have the best emotional health.
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/gyqtR5ExHCY/hqdefault.jpg
Nice to see something somewhat uplifting in my home town other than hearing about more stabbings and murders recently going on here.

Edit: On second thought, it isn't overly uplifting considering the allegations.
[America does this with dogs](http://courthousedogs.com/)
That old man sure loves the pussy
I think the solution to "being stalked by a 72 year old who is emotionally reliant on his cat" would be either

* Walk Faster.

* Carry a little water spray bottle.
What's with the guilty until proven innocent attitude on a lot of these comments?
My girlfriend just looked at me and sounded super excited, saying "A court just let an old man take his cat to court!"

I'm not sure why I expected what I did.
We need pics of him in court
And the winner for most British news article goes to... . 
Where's Phoenix when you need him?
Nice
&gt; I'll allow it...but no *horse* play!
stalking is when you're in a relationship with someone but they just dont know it
Url sexobserver can't stop seeing it
(:
I like to imagine that this story is the origin of this other post: https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/3vcdgr/so_pissed_yet_so_damn_dapper/
"Judge allows nervous 72 year-old defendant charged with stalking 2 women to take cat with him to Chelmsford Crown Court"
So the cat DOESN'T have his tongue? I'm so confused right now.
"The paramedics said to me ‘Don’t you have anything better to do?’, I couldn’t believe it!"

Correct answer:  Maybe, maybe not.  Maybe fuck yourself.
Loved the bit at the end about good karma.
Seriously, 60 minutes for an ambulance?

Wtf standards are you people accepting?
Wow, it's sad, but on the other hand, the girl's kindness and that taxi driver actually made me smile and a bit happier.
It's absolutely disgusting that this happened so close to where I live. Down right disgusting that someone would do that to a pregnant woman. Well done to the student for helping that woman. 
It's nice to read something that isn't negative. So many shitty things are happening in the world. I am glad there are still good things happening and being noticed as well. We need them. 
A true Stark through and through.
We need more stories like this.
Reppin St Albans! 
Just acknowledging someone can make a huge difference. She went far beyond that. I hope she gets rewarded by the universe for this. 
*OH*, I initially read it as "*sleeping* in".  I was like 'why is he a 'hero' for sleeping in'? If sleeping in is something admired and respected I would surely be a Demi-God at this point.
Continuing in the Stark tradition! Well done.
Wait. So was it a racial attack or a religious one? 
I have to point out a flaw in the title of this article. Islam and/or muslim isn't a race, and thus on that basis it is not a racial attack.
Islam is a religion, muslim is an individual who subscribes to Islam as a religion.
Hey! That's where I live!
Wow. Fucking amazing. Thank you. 
The real hero. Turning off the meter in England.
I'm going to call this journalist tomorrow on the number she lists on her Twitter profile. I'm looking for an app to record the call if anyone wants to set a RemindMe. 

For various reasons, including knowing people in both the local police and ambulance services, I'm certain this story is absolutely false and I'd like to talk to her about it. There are already a couple of posts in this thread and another larger thread that go through the details.

Maybe send her a tweet to ask her for some further information if you're so inclined.

I'd encourage anyone to ask for updates on the 'investigation' as, if this were true, it is of course a valid concern that two pregnant punching psychopaths are on the loose. Especially with this article seeming not to give a single shit about that fact...

It's easy not to care about psychopaths if you know they don't exist, I guess.
Calling her a hero is a bit overboard. That's a touching story, and she is a good person.
She is my heroine. 
I'd advise people to do some reading and make up their own minds on this story.

The pregnant lady involved refused to report any crime to the police, paramedics found no injuries, and she attempted to sell her story to the tabloid media the same night the crime allegedly took place - just three hours after the bus incident is when her family first made contact with The Mirror.

It's been pretty big on the local news, and the lady and her family are now refusing to speak about it.

Regardless, it takes nothing away from the girl who stepped in to help.
Muslim is not a race. 

- edit thx for the down you ignorant little trolls

Edit 2 thank god for the Christian race.
&gt;Racial attack on Muslim woman

choose one
Distinctly thought this was talking about St. Albans School in DC which would have been much more surprising. 
 I dont know why but the thought that there are still WW2 veterans around shocks me
We spent 3 trillion in Iraq and our veterans need "go fund me"....
I love the porch on that house.
Why did I read the comments on that site? Also why do people take personal offense when someone says "thank god?" It's a common expression that those contrarian idiots know fully well what it means. But there seems to be nothing more popular these days than expressing phony outrage on the internet over something that in no way impacts your life. 
How do you live in a house for 60 years and not have the mortgage paid off?
Such a great story!
A lot of family members at the ribbon cutting ceremony but I'm sure they don't have any extra money lying around 
any time i see a vet in a resteraunt i will make an effort to buy their meal
Here's the twist, he was a German WW2 soldier!

Dun Dun
Hell yes. That got me all choked up. Good job donor. 
"A large group of people, including several elected officials, was present for Friday's homecoming." Where were the elected officials when this guy was getting kicked out of his house? I hope there's more to this story, and they were trying to help him from the moment he got evicted.
Restores my faith a little in humanity
Very sweet, but my issue is that he is thanking god. Where was god when he got kicked out, and when his wife got sick? It was people, not god, that helped him. And I bet many of them were atheists.
What banker wouldn't throw his father out on the street because of a missed payment?  The movie isn't called "The Amiable, Compassionate People of Wall Street."
&gt;by a stranger  
  
it boggles my mind that instead of helping that guy make the campaign, some rando started one, just by pure faith people gave him 100k when he could get the money and run perfectly since there's no fucking legal boundaries there.  
Faith in humanity? More like human stupidity and luck
Yay, hard to complain about voluntary socialism helping someone that needs it.
Easy to be a cynic but I think this is awesome. 
The only real context when "1 share = 1 pray" works
Might I suggest The Human Fund?

Money- *for people!*
So the price of the shares won't go down as he sells them?
He doesn't just have $45B in cash, right? It's stock that's valued at that amount right now. So his plan is to cash some in every year and donate that?

What happens if facebook tanks? Then he isn't worth that anymore, and would have nothing to give? 

Creating an LLC so you can invest money in other tech companies is not the same thing as "giving to charity".
Plot twist:  Her name is Charity and she owns a strap-on.
Love him or hate him, you can't deny that this is great. 
ELI5: I thought the figure of 45 billion seemed really steep, so I tried to verify it. A quick Google search reveals his net worth is only 35.7 billion dollars. Why are these figures not adding up?
&gt; "in his lifetime" 

Did I miss something? Is he dead? 
Russ Hanneman must be going crazy right now
Funny as he gave his shares to a non profit that he and his wife run.  Tax evasion.  
Guys guys guys please don't let them fool you! They set up their own foundation as a tax deduction machine just like the Clintons    
http://freebeacon.com/politics/half-of-clintons-charitable-giving-in-2014-went-to-their-own-foundation/    
They don't donate to charity, they "donate" to their own "charity" organization just like the Komen for the Cure bs.    

Next time you see your accountant ask him this question
Very conflicted on this one. On one hand he's a douchebag from a lot of things that I've heard and I hate almost everything Facebook stands for. But on the other hand... well... that's more good than a 100,000 Glorioussideboobs could ever do for the world.

I only hope that the money will go to good use. The cynic in me screams ulterior motives as soon as I hear the words 'Zuckerberg-Chan Initiative' but I have to believe that this is entirely a good thing.
I thought a lot of charities were exposed already. From what Ive heard a lot of these "charities" keep a crazy amount of the money they receive. I think it was only like 10 percent that actually goes to the cause.
Why do I have a sneaking suspicion that the CEOs of those major charities will make some serious bonuses?

I would honestly put the money to do contract work on infrastructure, schooling, and low income hospitals.
Fb shares gonna be worth squat in a few years. I say call this bluff and take the money
If only he sent it to nasa. That would fund a moon mission and tons of research. 

Still beautiful news to hear. 
Honest question:

Where will this money actually go? That's enough money to end world hunger but we all know it won't. Will charities profit or will the needy?
That will make him a millionaire. Someone gave that much in charity is unreasonable. He is only 31, if you are talking about Bill Gates that might be the case. 
Yeah. Can I get some of that?
How about donating some to clean energy RIGHT NOW?  Global Climate talks are ongoing in Paris as I post this
Meanwhile... global climate talks in Paris are currently engaged.  Mark if you truly are charitable, help out this cause NOW.  There's no time to 'wait' for your lifetime.

Bill Gates pulled this same shit.  Waited until yesterday to donate a little bit of money to clean energy.  We can't wait for these big contributors to be fashionably late
Two of the most important things I have learned in life are, 1. Don't loan money and 2. Don't borrow money. 

And often, money given to so called "non profits" can be a big mistake. 

That said, he's a smart dude and I'm sure he'll figure out what is best. 

I'm hoping that it will not just be all about non-profits, because we would be better off creating jobs and advancing technologies, than we would be on just giving money away to give someone a fish. 
He's simply treading in the same great tradition as Alfred Nobel who created dynamite then tried to change his legacy of death and destruction by creating the "Nobel Prize"


 In 1888, when a humble Swede by the name of Ludwig Nobel died, the French press confused him with his younger brother Alfred — the famed Swedish entrepreneur and inventor who amassed his fortune by making such deadly delights as dynamite and ballistic — and ran an eviscerating epitaph about this “Tradesman of Death.” Alfred Nobel, having the rare misfortune of witnessing his legacy while still alive, found himself heartbroken and determined to change his story before it was too late. 

https://www.brainpickings.org/2013/09/17/molly-oldfield-secret-museum-alfred-nobel-will/
Why doesn't he use it to start more businesses with actual profit?
If he donates all the money to a charity he or his family controls, isn't that just a way to evade the estate tax?
"In his lifetime" - Not like he's giving it away now.

What a giant circle jerk.  If he gave his money away, I'd be impressed.  Pledging to, maybe, at some point in the future?  That's meaningless and a cry for attention.
What a piece of shit
I would spend billions on putting us into space to the explore the cosmos.
The whole letter is great, made me tear up at work :) 
To his own charity....
[deleted]
Just imagine he donates it all during a Games Done Quick stream. Chat would go nuts.
Fantastic!

Remember - it's possible to change the world, become wealthy, make a difference - and still give back.

I think people are sometimes too busy in "victim" and "abstract oppressor" mindsets.  All of their problems are from some abstract oppressor - rather than the truth is they didn't try to improve their situation, or they stopped after the first difficulty.

Good on that couple.  May we all have the possibility to do the same!

I guess it's great all depending on what charity.  I've always been a firm believer that the money should go directly into the hands of the suffering and not the hands of people who dole it out in pieces to random elements.  Namely the pockets of charity runners.  I mean if that's their only job, I understand because you need an income, but I dunno something strikes me as odd when charity money goes anywhere other than the people that need it.  

I mean... if people would just give money to people who are suffering, there would be no need for charity.  There is the argument that some of those people would use the money for things that aren't necessary, but that is going to happen even if you use the charity.

I dunno, but good on you mark zuckerburg, you're still going to hell though.
OK I'll be the pin in this balloon but perhaps he just feels shitty for selling all of our data, creating crutches for businesses that rely on these methods to reach customers, then limiting that outreach unless you pay... which is further minimized by the obvious botting / fake account... 

...all the while scoffing at the ["dumb fucks"](http://gawker.com/5636765/facebook-ceo-admits-to-calling-users-dumb-fucks) for trusting him in the first place.

Bravo, dude, you exploited everyone and made bank off of it. Time for the stronger hand to choose what causes are worthwhile?


I just hope it's a dog  charity.
Nooo. Fund space/science research instead! 
Which charity?
First time I've really, *really* admired Zuckerberg. This is a great move.
Either he is going to donate mostly to a charity he creates as a tax haven, or he donates to charities that have minimal transparency and do not utilize the donation efficiently. What he SHOULD do is invest in clean energy research, give out scholarships to students in need, donate directly to food banks, shelters, schools, community programs, etc. 45 billion can make such a huge impact on people in need. Unfortunately I do not see that happening. 
He's gonna out BillG BillG.
He is fulfilling the Gospel of Wealth!
All this because he's a dad now? 
"I'm going on strike"

Edit:Atlas Shrugged?
He could literally write a $100 check for *every person in the United States* and still have money left over. That's ridiculous.
Stocks are valued at their "current price" of last order sold time the amount of stock you have (475million shares * $107 per share), which is a fallacy. The true value of your stock are the sell orders that currently exist times each of their selling prices, which is much less than the $45B that would satisfy your bid. Everything else left unsold is pure speculation.

Considering that he's *not* giving up all his stock at once, limiting himself to very specific yearly $1 billion quantities, that he's still going to maintain majority stock holder status, that he's doing this through his own Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, which he no doubt manages, that many of these charities only end up providing a marginal percent of their contributions to the cause they attribute themselves to, and that using charities as tax avoidance is a very well documented loophole because of reasons like this, I just wonder: Do most people just follow George W. Bush' take on the "Fool Me Once" adage? 
Please be in clean energy..
Instead of lionising these people when they deign to show some philanthropy, how about they just pay their fucking tax like the rest of us?
He is fulfilling the Gospel of Wealth!
Can I have some? I just want enough to pay off my mortgage so I have money to put back into the economy.
I think it's the public announcement of an unfulfilled pledge to spend the money that screams ulterior motive.

Look up [Chuck Feeney](http://www.forbes.com/sites/stevenbertoni/2012/09/18/chuck-feeney-the-billionaire-who-is-trying-to-go-broke/) to get an idea for how to give to charity without being self-serving.
Sorry to be a cynic, but he's not donating to "charity," he's donating to "his charity."  

His charity's goal is to push software (facebook) in public schools.

Not saying he won't help a lot of people, but this is major, major win for him.

EDIT:  Downvotes, but no discussion/dissenting opinions/research to show that I might be wrong.  Thanks Reddit.
This time, you may have my upvote, sir. 
he's just doing it to be nice. so transparent.
Fuck, you would think with his dough he could have gotten a hot woman. 
I think a better use of the money would be to forgive student debt.....smh. The trap is real.
He seems like a serious cuckold, so I'm sure it will all being going towards SJW charities.
He could of given everyone in American 110 dollars =(
Think he'd hook up a mentally ill man with $50k? I want to live out my dreams. 
Charity is one lucky kid 
Good ole' soul crushing schizophrenia. Basically turns you into a soulless husk. 
Everyday I'm so thankful both my parents are still in good health.
Lie down. Try not to cry. Cry a lot.
That was a beautiful. 
And I thought the story of my dad was sad..
Amazing. You're a good daughter.
She was my TA for human development. She was smoking hot
,a law student,
I always used to think it was ridiculous that people with schizophrenia wouldn't want to take their meds. Then I got diagnosed with bipolar disorder and began taking Seroquel, which is also used to treat schizophrenia. Noooooo thank you! It turned me into a tired, complacent moron. I nearly failed out of grad school because of it. So, props to her on getting him to take his meds.
Taking care of one's parents is a responsibility that all children have. Some honour that responsibility, and others shirk it. It builds character to take care of one's parents IMHO. Aside from character building it also costs one dearly with respect to finances. In brief, prepare to take a financial loss if you are the one that has to take care of your aging parents. And good luck with that, eh.
This article doesn't even touch upon natural pollinators. Even though human maintained hives may be at an all time high, wild hives are still suffering catastrophic losses.
These numbers are bad.

Say I have 4 hives.  3 die to ccd.  

I take 1 hive and split it into 4 hives.  Doesn't mean I didnt lose any bees.  And it doesn't mean that's a sustainable means to beekeeping practices.  

So just because  bee populations dropped and now have surged by these numbers, doesn't mean yearly mortality rates have improved.  It only means a new way to manage it has sprung up.  One in which that promotes weaker colonies being force fed with high fructose corn syrup and split/mated with more often then naturally...which places strain on the colony health and allows infection and parasites to enter the colony more easily.


Tangential rant:

the article said one of the two main ways to replenish bees is to buy them. Buying bees doesn't create new bees!

Edit: its like when a school says "there will be limited parking tomorrow, so everyone should arrive early." That doesn't fix the problem!
The caption calling bees "The perfect capitalists" already gives a good impression on the quality of this article. Bees are on the opposite of capitalism.
Seems unbeelievable.......

Soooo somewhere someone is growing enough bees that aren't dying, to sell to the beekeepers whose bees are dying? READ THE COMMENTS TO THE ARTICLE - ITS BEE-S 
Heh, Nice try Monsanto. 
GUYS IT'S 19°F WHERE I LIVE SO CLIMATE CHANGE IS OVER
I'd read some of the comments below the article. This doesn't seem terribly well cited, and I think that the fact that a government task force was set up to fix this problem is pretty clear evidence that this in fact a problem. Granted the government sets up organizations for lots of stupid things, but I don't think this is one of them. 
Things are doing better because we're conscientiously breeding more bees.  But the real question is: are we also cutting back on the pesticides that were killing them off in the first place?  
If not, then this isn't a reprieve - right? 
Except the problem isn't honey bees it's pollinators without which most of our agriculture will crash. Problem is still here folks.

This is not true, and furthermore...what kind of asshole posts something like this? Way to make hundreds of ignorant people believe this crap and and high five each other while all of the bees still die.
Imported bees
This is just because we can make them faster than they're dying. Yes, Americans are great farmers. Yes, the bees are dying. 
But bee's aren't real!
Saw many more honey bees than in the last decade at our estate last summer.

Still, bumble bees are most of what we see now and it is depressing.

Some of the honey bees spotted just lay around drunk acting.

Niconoids?
Heading to Amazon.com to buy more black rhinos and rainforest. 
"They're up in the US so that means that this worldwide issue is over!" Seriously. What a shitty post.
Good thing I have my US bee stick! 
Read the comments below the article; it's a poor piece of writing.
yes **bee** can.
Which pesticide hit the market in 1989?
Something seems off here. 
That's good news, stop the pesticides and the bees will be back
Take that Mark Wahlberg!
We did it Reddit!
BEEn a long time coming
Thats cool and brave of em. Eagles could take some chunks out of somebody with their beak or talons. Was really cool that they risked danger to help a trapped and scared animal.
'Merica salutues you!!! Seriously that was an awesome achievement! 
Most Canadian thing I've read all day. Here, have an upvote. http://i.imgur.com/QEeFm4q.gif
LOL the dog is like: "I WANNA HELP! I WANNA EAT IT! I WANNA HELP! I WANNA EAT IT! I....I WILL STAND OVER HERE!"
Good 'ol Canadian boys!


Loved the dog, though. Couldn't care less it was being filmed. 
Respect.
Severe foreshadowing that Canada will free America from its current bonds. Now I'm undecided about this Bernie Sanders guy but he's a self-proclaimed socialist and Canada has a Socialist government therefore it seems America is to be freed from the chains of capitalism or something
They are definitely Canadian, they call the eagle 'buddy' numerous times.
Somebody gave that freedom some FREEDOM!

In 1812 after the lobster backs attacked the peaceful free nation of America, we became worried that the assholes of the world would try to quell freedom at its source (the USA). John Adams and Abraham Lincoln developed a plan that would send 15 bald eagles throughout Canada to spread freedom to those who had never before heard the word. Using freedom eagles/bald eagles was the most efficient way possible of spreading this freedom. This eagle was a direct descendent of the "magnificent 15" and Canada showed its loving embrace of the freedom by saving the life of this brave freedom eagle. Thank you Canada for saying yes to freedom once more!
&gt;"At first the eagle was a bit nervous to have myself there"

ಠ_ಠ




What I'm learning here is you throw shirts over raptors to calm them down. And you don't move for T-rex.

Blind all the dinosaurs.
honorary americans
That dog reminded me of Dogmeat from Fallout 4....
The only people American enough to save a Bald Eagle were Canadians. Awesome :D
doesnt look too bald
Oh my god! thats my home town...wow...
Murica thanks you. 
 Then a giant tornado came and that's when things got knocked into 12th gear!!! 
Thank you.
BREAKING NEWS: Two Americans free a trapped, helpless maple leaf. Canada praises!
/r/titlegore
Sad to read.

Although according to the title this is the timeline of events:

* $50M donation in his memory

* Michael dies

* hospital named after him
[deleted]
I feel dumb here....what's uplifting about this? 
Shocking exactly no one, the donation seems to have a little more to do with it than the tragic story of a child dying.
Sad, they would have given all the money to save him
so the hospital couldn't save him and he died. so they gave the hospital money?
So his parents just happened to have a spare $50 million lying around? 
He seems like he was truly a good person. A life tragically cut too short and the world loses a good man. 
Holy clickbait title

&gt;There's a postscript to this story: Jackson's sister and brother-in-law, who is a youth pastor, drove to Carlsbad from their home in the Phoenix suburb of Gilbert to attend the memorial service. Along the way, they stopped with their four young kids for a meal in Yuma. When they went to pay the bill, they got a surprise: Someone had already paid for them.

The feels just kicked me in the chest..
Can someone tell me the gist of it? I really really hate supporting click bait, but the comments don't give me any idea what the article is about.
r/"Uplifting"News
[deleted]
Am I think only one that wants to know how he died by hitting a tree in a shopping plaza?
How the fuck is this uplifting?!
I can't actually come up with words for this... 
He looks like CLARK KENT
Thats sad....and why is it in upliftingnews.....he just died xc
[Why do the good die young?](http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/d12/gooddieyoung.html)
I live in Oceanside CA haven't heard about this anywhere
So the moral of the story is to charge a $200 grocery bill on a random old lady's card and you won't die in a car crash. 
Then the tragedy happens?! Holy shit should I click here NOW to find out more?? Will I NEVER BELIEVE what it is that happened next?!
C'mon OP you can do better than that clickbait
baaaaaaw!
Stop cutting onions, please :(
Maybe he didn't die? Maybe he went back to Krypton? 
Very sad
Carlsbad local, I really wish this made local news. 
It's god's plan though. He loves to kill off the best people (and children)
Wow talk about karma...
Cool that someone cared enough to make a big deal about his death.  
Because Canada. 
Proof god isnt real
[deleted]
Check out https://bethematch.org or https://www.giftoflife.org to see how you can join the registry.  

I helped organize a drive a few years ago and two people have been matched from it.  It feels pretty good!

Edit: thanks for the gold!  I hope people who read this will run a donor drive at their school or work.  The registries (which are all really one big registry) make it so easy!
I was in college when I wanted to donate blood at the blood drive that was set up. However due to a recent new piercing, they couldn't take my blood - but asked for a sample for bone marrow registry.

I agreed and not a year later, I was called as a possible match for someone. After a few blood tests, they decided that another candidate was best fit but thanked me for my time and willingness. They kept me on the registry. 

Fast forward four years later. Graduated and now working full time back home, I'm called as a match again! This time after the blood work, I was deemed the best candidate. They flew me back to Michigan where I went to school (and my paperwork was) and allowed me to bring a friend. I decided to bring my father. 

It was the craziest yet best experience of my life. Not only was I part of an incredible event that was saving the life of a four year old with cancer, but I was with a great support system of people who cared. I was told going into this that the child may or may not survive but to be strong if I proceed. And I did. 

I also wanted my father to see how science has evolved to hopefully stop cancer. His father died of leukemia and his sister, my aunt, died of breast cancer. By showing him what human kind can do, as well as science, I was hoping I could not just save a life - but help him too. 

This happened in October of 2011. In May of 2012, my father was diagnosed with lung cancer. As a smoker since a young kid (who grew up in Italy after WWII), my family and I were still shocked. I wanted him to fight, and kept reminding him of our trip, but as quickly as my nonno died, so did my papá - less than two months later. 

I grieved hard. How can I save a stranger and not my father? I battled so much inside. Anger. Questions. Eventually it all sunk into depression. My husband remembers how many times I broke up with him (then was my bf) just to call him back. My family, myself included, felt broken. 

Half a year later, the bone marrow foundation counselor reached out to me. It was about the little boy that I had helped. He did not make it. 

I remember getting that email at work. I printed it out and quietly left my desk and sat in the cafeteria. I sat near the window and said nothing. My friend saw me and asked if I was ok and it was then I bawled my eyes out that I couldn't save him.

I could not save anyone and I felt like a failure. 

Years later I still think about it. I don't think I'd change anything about my experience. I often wonder if my father and this boy are together now. 

This story of this man meeting his donor is incredibly beautiful. I find them to be so fortunate. And for her to save a life when she missed her father after his death must feel like a blessing. 

Sometimes it doesn't happen or end so beautifully. But it doesn't mean that we should not give beauty back into the world. 

If you have an ounce of interest in donating, please do so. 

Sorry if I have misspellings. It's late and I'm tired :)
I really wish I could donate blood, serum, or bone marrow. I desperately want to help but no one wants my goods because I have autoimmune problems. 
Well now I'm crying everywhere
I was lucky enough to meet my marrow recipient last year. Something I'll always be quietly proud of. 
Hello! Please check out bethematch.org. I donated a few years ago and it was the best decision I have ever made. I would love to answer any questions people might have about the process and procedure. :) 
What a great story
Just signed up. My father donated when i was younger and he still has the letter from his recipient. This story reminded me of that, and I can only hope to match with someone one day.
This woman, and the thousands of other selfless people on the registry are the true heroes in this world. I am convinced that if we got rid of politicians and corporate pricks and put these people in positions of power the world would be an exponentially better place.
THANKS FOR MAKING ME CRY

[Do you want tears? Because that is how you get tears!](http://www.ew.com/sites/default/files/styles/tout_image_612x380/public/i/2011/04/21/ArcherSeasonFinale_510.jpg?itok=tIR7EuOA)


What a great story! I just signed up to be a donor
I registered at http://www.deletebloodcancer.org/en Expecting my kit in 7-10 days.
I'm not crying...damn allergies *sniff*
Very touching story indeed. I would like to congratulate Molly for giving her bone marrow to save some one's life, and for being positive all the time. She lost her father to a disease but gain her new father through love and sacrifice.

Happiness never decreases by being shared said Buddha. Indian saint Kabir said in his poetry that if a sparrow drinks a drop of water out of a stream, the stream has lost nothing. Same way by sharing happiness, your happiness is not decreased by increased.

Great going Molly. Love you.

&gt;He had been married to Elizabeth for 43 years  when she passed away in 2005. The following Christmas their three adult children were busy doing "their own things".

What the fuck is wrong with his kids? Your mom dies and your dad is all alone on the holidays but you cant be bothered to invite him to your Christmas? Dicks.
&gt;spuds  

XD

&gt;Married to second wife Val for the last five years, she is happy to share the cooking.   

I'm so happy that the person he married supports him in continuing to provide such a wonderful gift to people. : ) 
His wife died,  and all of his kids were too busy for the holidays?  
This is a good human being. 
I'm glad he found someone, and that, even though he has, he continues his tradition :) 
Sometimes family is who you choose to spend time with.
I think I just got something in my eye...
:3
Finally! A post that is actually uplifting!
I wish there was a donation link
This is a beautiful witness. I lived in community with individuals who had mental and physical disabilities like this called L'Arche. As anyone who reads this knows, what this woman does is incredibly difficult. But it is incredibly rewarding too. People with these types of disabilities are hard to care for, but they teach you so so much about what it means to love and what it means to be human. It's really something you have to experience to understand. 

Unfortunately, people with these types of disabilities are viewed as burdens by most of society. However, I think that they are integral to what make use human. The needs of these persons are nothing compared to our need for them.
I don't post ever, but this was too powerful for me. I consider myself a "strong" man, but I've learned I am nothing. I am a butterfly wing that will bend in a strong breeze. Moli is stronger and has more heart, more courage and more guts than I will ever have. It's a stark realization that I am a inferior being and cannot stand next to greatness.
The first thing I thought was... if she is 81 what on earth is going to happen when she is no longer able to care for the poor guy.
Now THIS fierce, loyal woman is what humanity is capable of, this is the hope for us all. 
You are probably not tougher than average toughness.. 

Sad, tragic and beautiful.
I'm sad that this man doesn't have access to better medical care. I wonder if anything could be done to make him more comfortable  (a bed at the minimum).
I have feels when I think of this woman. I can't believe she would do this for a stranger. It almost makes me tear up. 

We need to get this out there because she's the only person I know right now who deserves it. Not a kardashian, not a Trump, not a comedian or a celebrity. 
incredible woman I'd rather die than live like that guy
Somebody should start a go fund me or something to buy them a proper bed.  Wouldn't take much to change their lives...
Welcome to the salty spatoon. 
Not a kardashian, not a Trump, not a Trump, not a Trump, not a comedian or a celebrity.
Feel so bad for that lady, she took on such a burden. She is a great woman for it though. 
I considered this to be more of a sad story than an uplifting one
Amazing example of humanity.  I cannot express how much respect I have for both of them
Uplifting news: I'm not that tough...
God almighty knows.... that article was amazing! I really gotta hand it to that lady. 81 years old and still caring for a guy who has been bed ridden his whole life. That shit is impressive!
Funny, his name means big head. Bless this lady.
Maybe Dr. Chan could lend a hand here.
This story is depressing as fuck actually
This made me quite sad actually. That poor man, such a cruel world.
I really admire her courage and will power and his too, but this is in no way uplifting for me. I just feel too sad for the guy. That's not living and I would never want to live like that, ever.
you heard and watch the most terrible news from china, disgusting contamination, and all sort of abuse, and you thing they are full of crap. But then you  see some incredible people, like also the millionaire caring for dogs and stuff like that. Then you realize how stupid you are for generalizing, just because you saw some crap news
Very uplifting and makes your heart swell. 
Welcome to the Salty Spittoon, how tough are ya?
Clickbait title.
I don't care how uplifting the story is, the daily mail can fuck off.
Okay kids, pick your very own table, if you want anything, TEXT.
I wish restaurants that threw out excess food would do things like this for people who can't afford meals.

I don't get why we let so many people go hungry or homeless when we have wealthy companies with excess food throwing it all away. There's no reason anyone should have a lack of food or a lack of water.
I love this. I would rather be waitressing in that restaurant than doing what I have to do today. 
What if the loner makes 6-figures...
I could have used that this year :/
What a nice and humble man. Very uplifting story! 
Moved cross country 2 weeks before thanksgiving. I spent Thanksgiving night in a waffle house as it was the ONLY thing open in small southern town. 

It's still a lovely memory thanks to the staff and a couple other lonely patrons. They told me what to try and we talked and laughed...


Still had to pay for my meal though dammit! 
/r/floridaman can be proud
IT'S SO FUCKING WINDY
I'd love to do this in Houston , but our mayor made it illegal.
Suck it!  Florida DOES do something good every once in a while!
Why can't he serve food in public? Health regulations related stuff? 
Arnold has been arrested several times [for charitably feeding the homeless](http://patch.com/florida/sarasota/3rd-arrest-90-year-old-man-who-feeds-homeless-0).
This is a Florida Man we are talking about, did he feed them meth, or a giant snake?
A story about Florida that isn't something crazy or stupid? I'm shocked. 
I saw South Florida and thought "Oh god", but for once it's actually good. We'll done Florida
Farted on each meal.
Florida Man's bitter nemesis.
Article never specifies that it was her son, just her child. My bad.
Oh man, how sad.
Class act.  Shame the bad stuff about cops makes it to the front page of Reddit, but the good stuff gets buried.  
Wow, my mom never loved me enough to steal for me /s

Seriously, I like the charity, I don't like the situation she put herself in.
Aw it's so sad that our social safety net doesn't provide at a level where a parent can afford a birthday cake for their child. Every child deserves a simple cake on their birthday.
Alternative title: Woman cannot afford home baking ingredients for child's birthday.
Yay woman gets away with stealing. 
"What you do when no one is looking, that's the character of someone." So true
I'm not saying breaking the law is right. But this story is touching.

1) It shows how far a mother will go to do something for their child.a mothers love is not always rational this is nature at work.and love. 

2) The shop at which the items were stolen from instead of being upset the charges were dropped but reported the officer for doing a good deed is amazing.

3) The cop was commended by the police station for doing something moralistically right and using judgment rather than blindly following the law is also really amazing some departments would have penalized the officer for not blindly following procedure.

All in all this is great and uplifting in many different ways thanks for sharing this thread.
Have second job as cashier --

Work 60+ hours per week

Watch poor people on food stamps get pregnant and get free food from my tax dollars.

Such is life.
This was honestly one of the most inspiring things I've heard *all year*. Made me realize how much more of a better way he has chosen than so many others we hear of. Not just in this terrible, terrible regard, but in general. How I was way back and I started to go away from. Wow, what an inspiration and an eye-opener! I'll take this video and his line of thinking with me, thank you very much :)
Don't hate them, but fight them.
This is how we fight terrorism.  
Hate means nothing to them. They're trying to feed themselves on fear.
People like this are always able to amaze me.  I have never gone through anything like that, but I hope I am able to be like him if it were to happen.
I'm always amazed how people can respond like this.  As someone who's filled with irrational hatred towards the little things in my like (e.g. Ikea) - I can't imagine not losing myself in anger over such a vile act.


I'm crying wow this is truly something. Don't give into the ignorance. United we stand, divided we fall! 
One thing for sure, he is a better person than me.
Really moving video. Poor chap,can't begin to imagine the loss.

I agree with his message wholeheartedly, these people want us to get angry and hate them, it feeds their cause.

I'm certain we can't stop ISIS etc by bombing, each terrorist/innocent killed by bombing has a family that love them and would soon be lining up for revenge.

Educating the masses is the way forward, probably cheaper too. Teach their kids to think for themselves and perhaps they might stop being brainwashed by religions.

Yea, we know how well that works and we also know they will totally care and stop their terrorism. They will certainly stop killing people, if we just tell them it's k. 

I get the idea, but it only works for minor things. Someone wants to kill you, you can't just hug them. Life is hard, not soft and cuddly.
So beautiful. I'm sorry he is hurting but I'm glad he's strong enough to get through the pain. We all are. 
The radicals know that Westerners are a guilty, apologetic and blindly progressivist people (even when it hurts them) , who, especially in the face of adversity will do everything they can to prove that they are "above" normal and natural reactions to hatred and violence. **This guy is the prototypical person that ISIS is relying on to self-sabotage their own country.**

Since when is hatred a gift? Soon, simply _acknowledging_ that we have an enemy will be considered a "gift", and we'll be so naive to our own reality that we'll get murdered in our sleep and still find a way to apologize for it.
Candles and Flowers will win the day.  /s
Powerful message, all due respect.

To bad for the binary minds that set up/executed the whole thing and their followers this doesn't mean anything, and if by some miracle it gets in some way to them it will be just a display of "weakness".
This is a message for the educated westerners not for the like of ISIS and their followers. We're confronted here with a clash of an arguably pacifist culture vs a pure barbaric one. Look back in the history when this happened what were the results.

EDIT: yeah, you can downvote me all you want, I know you don't like it, but you know very well I'm right.
Am I the only person who can't help but see Michael Cera? Really undermined my ability to be in a serious mood when I watched this...
Not hating someone is not a gift.  If you don't hate the terrorists that killed your family who can you hate?  If you can't hate how can you love?  
That's why Europe is going to be the new Middle East pretty soon. Lack of self respect, lack of spine, unwillingness to assert one's rights and to fight the fire with fire.
Fuck man, that was heavy.
Islam is not a race
Just give them the gift of attention instead.....
If you refuse to hate whatever threatens to destroy what you love, what value does that place on your love?

You probably don't have much love when you refuse to hate the things that destroy your love.
I have news for you all: they don't care.
I'm don't claim to know exactly what ISIS wants but I think that being sitting ducks is a far more generous gift. 
When I left Basic Training at the beginning of 2008 some one did this for us.

We were in the St Louis air port after probably the worst 3 months of our lives (at that point anyway) and were just happy to be back in the real world. We had been eating nothing but Chow hall, MRE, and field chow food for three months. Drinking nothing but water (our commander would even walk around taking anything sweet out of our MRE's like the dessert, candy, sweet drink mix anything).  However this whole time we were getting paid more then most of us had ever been paid in our lives and couldn't spend a penny of it for 3 months.

So when we hit the air port we all agreed we are going to the fancyist fucking restaurant we could find and were ordering the most expensive shit we could get. I'm talking bottles of wine and 5 courses the whole shubang. 

So here we are laughing it up eating drinking feeling like we just came out of a 3 month nightmare. We were also in uniform as we were still considered officially traveling for the US military. I don't think we even thought about it at all really as we had been wearing nothing but this uniform the whole time and it was almost like a second skin at that point. 

So anyway we hadn't been paying attention to anyone even tho people were obviously giving us looks sometimes a thumbs up shit like that and we're just finishing our meal. We asked for the check and the lady smiled and brought it to us saying our meal had been paid in full by another customer.  We were all shocked and just looked at each other not really believing it. I mean we probably spent 200$ a person and there were like 6 of us. In fact we literally went in there with the mind set lets spend as much money as possible, so when we found out it was all free you can imagine our shock. So we stared looking around and asked the waitress who it was and she said it was two business men and they had already left. One of us piped up and said they remember two guys in expensive suits eating behind us and that it was probably them.


This didn't happen often in fact other then that I think I have might have been offered a free drink once maybe twice, but I will never forget when some random guys paid for our meal that was easily over $1,000. 

So if you are out there and remember doing that thank you very much, you made 6 soldiers very happy that day and I will never forget the meal or your appreciative gesture. 

Edit: Also know we left the waitress a huge tip so you made more then us happy that day. I would like to think that maybe she played it forward too. Either way we were happy as clams the rest of the day and with the people we dealt with. So know you created a lot of happiness that day. 
$20,000! Freakin badass
I bought a round to a group of 5-6 people in uniform once at an airport bar; it's the least I could do. I always try to go out of my way for anyone in the armed forces, especially when I travel.

I can't imagine what it must be like leaving your family to go put your life at risk.
As an Irish person let me tell you they probably only got a big Mac and coke for the fifty dolla . Irish airports are the most expensive places in the universe!
My dad and I do this at Fat Patty's right outside Paris Island, SC Marine Base. Eat some good burgers, down our beers and pay for a random Marine and his family who are everywhere in the restaurant. Just our appreciation to your service. 
Fun Fact: This dude composed the song from [this video](https://youtu.be/ckVYO9oI8vc) which was making the rounds a few weeks ago.
And now I'm trying to not cry at work...
I was expecting an article that manufactured a connection, but this one pretty much confirms it.  A wonderful little article to read.

This was fantastic to read. To get a glimpse in to the human history behind something that has been so iconic is just incredible. 
Jesus, that wasn't uplifting at all, that was heartbreaking!
That is one of the most bittersweet things I've ever read...Like really beautiful.
[The grief... It is good...](http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2454)


Anyone else get that part about him being an asshole with tips?
That was pretty sweet.
This isn't uplifting. It's the most damnably saddening thing I've read all day.
Just saw the new movie with my kids yesterday. I gotta say, they did an amazing job with it - it stayed true to the comic, kept the pace without being Hollywoody, and managed to maintain the innocence and simplicity that makes Peanuts timeless. And it was solid - this wasn't tripe - well written, subtle, and had great positive impact - not just a message, an impact.

One of the best kids movies I've seen in years, hands down. I think Schultz would have really liked it.
I originally skimmed this article, looked at the pictures and called it a day. Fast forward to this afternoon when I read it all...

I don't always read Vanity Fair, but when I do, it makes grown men cry.

What a beautiful story.
I feel like this would belong more on [r/depressingnews](https://www.reddit.com/r/depressingnews)  . I mean, its a cute story, but now I'm just sad. 
The story behind the little red haired girl always made me really sad. The fact that they managed to stay in contact gave me a little sense of relief. Still really sad though. Losing someone you love is so tough.
Actually, in *It's Your First Kiss, Charley Brown*, he did, but that special was never mentioned again.
I see this as pretty sad. Am I having feelings incorrectly? It's not something I'm  used to.
Hit me right in the feels 
so bittersweet!
&gt;“When it came time for a tip,” Donna said in an interview with the Schulz Museum archivists recently, “he would write on the placemat, ‘Early to bed, early to rise,’ and that was his ‘tip.’”

HE'S SO WITTY HAHAHA ;_;
Why isn't THIS this the movie?! ಥ_ಥ
Charlies in the trees, man!
....Run!
Man, who knew Charles Schultz was in the friendzone?
Did I get suckerpunched in the feels, with the feels?
This is horrible news. This is just an ad for a movie. Everything that was pure and good about peanuts... Tarnished by a conference room of ad execs as they spitballed the idea of the happiest story that could paint the film in a positive light.

I doubt the red haired girl... woman even exists. But even if she does, if Charles Shultz had wanted to name her, he would have. And he didn't.
Thanks for the spoiler!
Good stuff!

&gt; prejudicial ideology

This is more impressive coming from an athlete. 
What did the guy say?
Rodgers for the win, taking a stand against hate. Athletes are beginning to realize their power, and I for one support them using their position as a platform - especially if the message is one of love and respect.

I'm not a big fan of religion, but heckling isnt really a great idea.
[deleted]
At least yell "snackbar" or "worldstar ackbar".
It's ironic how most everyone on reddit hates cops based on the actions of a small percentage of bad ones.  Yet, when people hate on Muslims because a small percentage are terrorists, it's a different story. 
I like to image that this it how it [went](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ivgx5x1dob8)
Did he get to shoot an unarmed black teen?
Is this where I make the resisting arrest joke?
Peoples tend to forget police officer chosed their job to help 99.99% of the time  and you probably did something wrong if you don't like/respect them.

And just as these peoples say "it's only a minority doing bad deeds and the rest of us are innocent !" so are most of the police officers.
I hope this kid was not too white like that sick batman kid. That really jerked the knees of all the sensitive SJW's
Downlifting
Incoming mountain of cards.
Am I having deja vu?  Wasn't there something similar to this, sending cards to someone who was sick?
Damn, poor kid has to spend his last Christmas in Ohio. 
[My custom card. I hope he likes it!](http://imgur.com/zlYqxBU)
Life can be unfair.
It's my Ohio too fucker. 
[deleted]
I hope this kid wakes up to a new Christmas everyday. Can't wait to send him a card! &lt;3
His favorite present...christmas cards?
This is really sad actually... 

-Attacked and mutilated by her schizophrenic husband

-Her husband, after getting help, was killed and the killer was never found

-She, now mutilated and widowed has to work 3 jobs, 19 hours per day doing grueling manual labor 

-She's in mountains of debt trying to put her daughter (one of two) through college  

-Her situation shows no immediate signs of improving 

How the fuck is this uplifting? 
I find it somewhat depressing that she has to.
I wish I could donate money to her. 
The American Dream
communism?
Wait... I was expecting the uplifting part to be that the community rallied around her, started a gofundme account and made her life a little better with this. :(
Nice use of a hyphen.  Without it, this headline would read quite differently.
When I click On the link I was expecting her daughters to be children, not adults... And with the disproportionate amount  of men to women in China, I think those girls could find a man that could help out. 
This is so uplifting.
If "Chinese" was replaced with "German" this would have 5k upvotes
she looks very happy
Wouldn't she technically be one handed? From the picture it looks like she has most of her arm still.
this is the kind of Go fund me thing I could get behind
Give that woman a clap.
This really is sad but I really want to share something.

I read the title and for some reason I didn't comprehend that she only had one arm. Instead I thought that she was literally armed with a gun and it made me laugh.
A true example of courage, this man. Especially the bit about, if they were to shoot him for refusing to cooperate, they'd have to shoot all of the prisoners, since they would be witnesses and see him (the German) tried for war crimes when they won the war. That's ire and defiance and bravery all at once.

The article briefly mentions Raoul Wallenberg as another man designated as 'Righteous Among the Nations' for his actions in WWII. It doesn't mention what exactly he did, so I'd like to share that, since Wallenberg's story is something every person can benefit from hearing, in my opinion, and is near and dear to me.

Wallenberg was a Swedish diplomat who ended up in Budapest, Hungary, in 1944. In this capacity, he issued Swedish protective passports, awaiting repatriation to many of the Jews of Budapest, in essence declaring them Swedish subjects and exempt from Germany's policies. (For example, the Jews in Budapest no longer needed to wear the yellow star marker.) 

Continuing with this mindset, Wallenberg had several buildings declared extraterritorial property of Sweden, and hung signs outside saying 'Swedish Library' 'Swedish Hospital' 'Swedish Center for Arts,' that kind of thing. This was of course, all a front, and the buildings were used to hide Jews. As the building designated by Wallenberg were protected by diplomatic immunity, it was much safer than being in the streets of Budapest, which were terrorized by the Arrow Cross at the time, a fascist nationalist political party responsible for the murder of several thousand Hungarians during their brief time in power.

A particular example of Wallenberg's bravery comes when he (and his people, I do not mean to give the impression that Wallenberg worked alone; he organized ~350 people into a systematic protective operation for the Jews) learned off a train bound for Auschwitz. Wallenberg arrived at the train station, shortly before departure, and began handing protective passports in through the slits in the cars, at one point climbing on top of the train and reaching down with fistfuls of papers. The AC members on site shouted for him to stop, and Wallenberg ignored them. They shot several warning shots at Wallenberg, who continued until he had handed out all of his papers. He then ordered anyone in possession of a Swedish passport off the train, and into a series of waiting cars, decked out in Swedish colors. Then they drove away.

All told, it is estimated roughly 20,000 Jews were saved because of Wallenberg's actions in Budapest. For his trouble, he was apprehended by the Soviets and eventually disappeared in their labyrinthine prison system, with various rumors and theories cropping up. Including him being executed as a spy, dying of a heart attack, or being the victim of human experimentation. It is not known for certain when or how Wallenberg died.

So please try to keep men like Raoul Wallenberg, Oskar Schindler, and Sgt Edmonds in your heart when you are feeling a lack of courage, because you would be astounded at what you're capable of when you're doing the right thing.
The cancer is real in this thread. Can we not appreciate that someone risked his his life to save people just because the people he saved are Jewish? Ok, I get that people have problems with Israel but that has absolutely nothing to do with this guy or the way he is being honored. 
R.I.P Master Sargent.

Way to stand tall.

Say what you will about Israel, but the title Ger Toshav, which translates to "righteous among the nations", is probably the most badass honorific of all time.
I'm not a Jewish.
Thumbnail looks like he has cornrows
That's great and all but how the hell is a lady who adopts a dog news worthy?   
We can stop dog overpopulation.  We can probably do it by 2020.

1. Stop breeding dogs. Every puppy that goes to a good home means one perfectly-good dog dies somewhere because it doesn't get a home. Think about it.
2. get rid of those puppy mills.  No special permission under the guise of religion.
3. Find all the strays and get them adopted.  If there aren't enough resources to pick them all up in 6 months then use a smart strategy. For example, prioritize strays over 30 pounds.  The remaining population will take less resources when they're eventually picked up and allow shelters to spend those resources on spay/neuter programs.


The dog was less than 12 months old and was going to be killed :(
I answered my own question:
https://www.facebook.com/notes/bruised-not-broken/how-to-adopt-a-dog-on-the-euthanasia-list/419755701396202
That's dedication. I hope they get homes soon.
does anyone know how you can check the euthanasia lists at local shelters?
I pictured a company that made tiny furniture.
Good for them!!
EVERYONE needs a second chance.
Apart from Simon Cowel, that guys just a cunt.
Poor little mister. He deserves a loving home.
start printing the names of the people convicted of those crimes in the paper.   see if it doesn't sort itself out.
What the hell is wrong with people?!

On an uplifting note, this is a really pretty gingercat. 
I just saw a story exactly like this but with a small tiny kitten. A construction worker found him dumped in a garbage bin that was filled with toxic materials. It was super high up and nothing around for the cat to have gotten in itself. :( but the kitty is okay, hope this one ends up okay too and no shit in it's lungs from whatever loser did this. I don't understand how someone could ever be so cruel to an animal. 
I hope the person(s) that did fry in hell.
I don't even like cats and I'd still love to see the person/persons responsible given a set of cement shoes and thrown in a lake
I would beat the living shit out of whoever did that had I come across them
I'm glad he was found, in time to save him. I hope this guy ends up in a loving home.

As for the people that hurt him, I hope it comes back to them, ten fold.
In my idea of a perfect world I would be paid a yearly salary of $75,000. For this level of compensation I would take perpetrators of these types of crimes into a small room and use various objects to manipulate them physically in a variety of horrible and disturbing ways. 

Sadly, we do not live in my idea of a perfect world.... 
God. Some people just need a high-five. In the face. With a chair. 

Glad the kitty is okay, but what the hell is wrong with people?
What about this is a "sick joke"? Jokes are supposed to be *funny* if I'm not mistaken. 
Poor baby! Looks like a sweetheart too! :(
Cat: 8 lives left, gotta make them count (goes to sleep)
How is this uplifting?
I think the message of inspiring businesses to hire people based on the example of a mother hiring her own children is a bit convoluted. But it's great to see they're able to pursue a career anyhow.
In Denmark we have this thing where people with disabilities are hired by a private store and the government will pay 49% of the salary to them. This is usually a good thing as the private shop owner gets one fulltime employee for half the price and the only people struggeling are the people teaching them the job.

When I worked in a Franchaise retail store as a teenager, we had this guy called Tim(Timmeeeeeh). Got damn it if he wasn't the best employee we ever had. Stacking those detergent containers, recycling bottles and what not, he was the fucking best and his jokes was hilarious.

But then also he knocked over full facing display of 2 liter sodas onto a glass montre causing several thousand euros of damages. Oh and the time he forgot to close the door to the storage freezer over the weekend and then on monday morning closed it without telling anyone. I found a 4x4 meter popsicle mixed vegetables.

Good times. I miss Timmeeeh.
Great, another small business practicing nepotism...

^^^^^/s
She should hire autistic people who are not her children, this really doesn't help her case if its her own children
If the coffee was good I'd be willing to try it to show support. 
Hey,

I work for a learning disablities charity, and this is great to see.

If anyone has any other similar stories, I'd be really grateful for links - they're great pick me ups to send around the office.

Cheers!
One of my favorite candle companies, [A Cheerful Giver](http://www.acheerfulgiver.com/giving-back/), offers adults with handicaps the opportunity to earn a paycheck for their families. They get to work as much as they want too.
Businesses and stories like this are my favorite! There's a candy shop near me in Orlando started by a woman who works with her daughter who has Down syndrome, and she employs others with disabilities.
Love this - what a fantastic Mom!

Her kids looked so happy to be involved too! :)
I'd rather hire people that would be good at interacting socially.
"Children on the spectrum" way to make it sound like some crazy drug.


Good to see this! I really wish more people would get inspired!!
There must be something about single moms starting beverage companies to support their children and a good cause

Zhena's Gypsy Tea was founded when a woman needed money for her son's medical bills, and the company is all fair trade and does a ton of good both in the tea fields where their product is grown and here in the US
They say the nuns are working inside brothels. Really? That sounds too extreme and a bit unreal. 
Sounds like a movie. 
It amazes me that ppl think sex slavery and slavery are new phenomenon.
I smell another Sister Act sequel.
Not very uplifting comments for an Uplifting News subreddit. I, for one, am happy when religious folks get some recognition every once in a while for the good work they are doing. It's good to know the Catholic Church still does produce people working to be saints from time to time.  
Well, the average nun knows quite a bit about the sex trade.
Direct link to the video on youtube below. As cool as this story is... UpWorthy as a website is stinky ass. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEwDYLwoZLk
Video put a smile on my face on a bad day after chemo. Thanks for posting this. Please x-post to /r/Cancer - they could use a smile too probably. 
That's really sweet. What a good kid :)
Totally looking forward to being caught singing this song in public.....
This is awesome. Does anyone else get Undertale nostalgia watching this? There is just something so familiar about the song. 

Its awesome hearing a song being sung by adults that sounds like it was written by a kid, that was actually written by a kid.
I thought the guy was Leonardo DiCaprio.
Awesome.
I LOVE BOOBIES!
That song was awesome! What a cool kid!

I have only heard of two people in that video, though. Who are they all?
I will support anything that saves boobs.. and lives.. but especially boobs.
Didn't this happen years ago?
So apparently Putin is a biologist as well..
Warwick is a bad ass name
bears saving each other... that man is handsome tho
Any video on this?
I guess he has the Bear Necessity's for the job
The biologist shot the bear with a traquilzer dart.  He didn't save the bear from drowning, he didn't do the bear any favors.
They had to sign a confidentiality for one reason that all of us here on reddit know to be true.....

DJJ

edit: damn it guys. Darth Jar Jar. I'm sending you to reddit purgatory! 
That's nice of them. I'm sure people will claim it's a PR stunt, including the heavy security as proof they don't want it leaked and it's all for show, but I've never even heard of something like this happening. So, it makes me happy inside. I want to believe you can protect your interests and fulfill a dream at the same time.
Wow, that sounds like a good movie script!
Awesome ! This brightens my day :)
Well done, Nerds.  Glad everyone pitched in to help this Star Wars fan get his wish.
Cool stuffs.
I'm happy this happened.
Star Wars hats at the Terminator store at Universal wearing a Harry Potter shirt and a Doctor Who shirt hanging in the background.
Little did they know he was wearing a camera.  Seriously.  He uploaded this a bit ago.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Holy crap!  That's probably the best revenge money can buy:

Vandalize my inventory will you!?!  I'll treat you so fucking nice you'll regret the day you made that decision and spend the rest of you life living in gratitude of my magnanimus nature.  Fuck with me, I'll change your whole fucking world around upside down.  The moment you die as an old man looking back on a happy and prosperous life, your last thoughts are going to be of me and how I dragged your entire existence up by several orders of magnitude from the grease track of a life you were about to live..  Generations of your children will be better off because of me.   I'm the lynchpin to your whole fucking universe now shitbrick.  Get used to it.
Alternative title: state fails almost-homeless family and disenfranchised child.
Revenge? This isn't revenge. This is an intelligent person recognizing a mental health problem caused by the environment and personally taking action to help. Why can't these people run for office instead of taking advantage of those with bad credit? :(
AWESOME!

So this poor kids busts up a dealerships cars - and the dealership realises he's likely to fall deeper without help - forgives the damage and pays for him to succeed?

For 10 people going to church talking forgiveness, it takes one person DOING IT RIGHT puts the rest to shame.

Good on you!!!!   

Its a win/win he gets free publicity for his dealership and insurance picks up the bill for the damage, smart guy.
sounds like the movie gran turino to me.
The fact that they actually dropped him off was really considerate of the carjackers. Still, why the hell does anyone leave a car with their keys inside.....
It would have been easier and less risky to just throw the kid out of the moving vehicle, so yes I do view this as uplifting. It helps add scale to an otherwise black and white viewpoint on "criminal scum". Especially with how shitty some people can be.
Why would you leave your car running in a parking lot with a kid inside? Who does that!?
This story is just a brain fuck. Nothing makes sense.
As TV Tropes would say: even evil has standards.
In a roundabout way this kind of refuels my faith in humanity. This could so easily have taken a wrong turn and ended up a flaming wreck of a story.
I figured this had to be in Canada before reading the story.


Ahhhh snap 757!!!!
[deleted]
&gt;100,000 people

&gt;100,000 eyes saved

TIL that humans are cyclopes
That was a beautiful story, I'm so happy for that lady.
This is the same guy that's in the documentary "Human Planet". It's a great watch.  
What other kind of sight is there besides eyesight?
I can't watch the video at work, but I can't help but feel that it would make me feel bad having somebody do that for me. As if they're taking pity on me or something. 
Never leave a man behind. 
but she's a veteran
Cool chick.  Nice of her.
Sometimes by losing, you win.
Letting people win is worse than losing. Just lose or win.  It's really condescending unless you're letting say, a child beat you in something. 
Give a man a puzzle, he puzzles for a day. 
The guy on the left was playing soft also. Good on them to help the veteran score some cheese! She knew she was winning so passing a few quatloos over is just an amazingly nice thing to do. And she kept her cool about it, after Pat asked her. Must have been Marines.  
OP didn't even watch the video he posted:

https://youtu.be/N_DBzNtPaQ4?t=87

She threw a round and won the game. Good sportsmanship no doubt, but the title is extremely misleading. 
Except that she wasn't throwing the puzzle.  Do the math on the dollar amounts.  The guy at the Yellow podium would have won and gone to the bonus round had he solved the puzzle with a letter if the guy at the red podium failed to do so.  This chick was simply passing the buck so others would reveal letters.  

Smart strategy, but it's not as nice of a feel good story about veterans helping veterans.  She was entirely going for strategy.   
This made me so happy. 
It's important to note that she had basically already won and would be moving on to the final round regardless. If she did, indeed, throw the round intentionally, she basically just let him get a bit more money than what he was already going home with as it was his final round.

That being said, I feel that she was actually going for strategy, letting others add letters for her to work from, and then swooping in with a confirmation letter and solve once she felt she had the correct answer.
Congratulations, Ireland! Well done! :D
That's great news from Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael!
The priests must have had one hell of a weeken
Kids need homes. That is all.
"We may have a home for you, Billy, but first a few questions."

"Ok."

"Ok.  First question. Are you gay?"

"No."

"Would you be willing to suck a dick for a home?"

"I'd rather not."

"Interview is over. Have fun living on the streets."
Seriously, not at all against showing compassion to LGBT persons, but why judge by sexual orientation?

I guess maybe if it can be shown that they have a rougher time on the streets, maybe theres some merit to the idea.
Okay so is this specifically for gay people? Because that seems unfair. It would be better if they just fired all bigots, and hired people that care. What makes a gay different to a straight homeless person?
